"This wasn't actually a card game. It was more of a book of 88 tear out sheets with one game each. They is no way that this can be played as a card game. The box doesn't even indicate that it's a card game. I thought this would be a fun card game for my husband & daughter to play together. You can purchase magazines with more games for less price. I wouldn't recommend this product unless you would like an overpriced book of sudoku games. I'm returning it & buying an electronic version for husbands PDA. The price is about the same.", 1.0
"I bought this for my 2 yr old daughter.  I was so surprised at the quality for Little tykes.  It has no storage and the refridgerator door would not stay closed.  I think it should cost half of what it does.  I purchased the Step Two kitchen when my daughter was three, and it is way better by far", 1.0
"I bought this for my 5  year old daughter and we tried to take very good care of it.  Within a few days of careful use, one of the latches bent, a hinge broke off and a piece of the edge came unglued.  It is a great idea, but needs better construction.  On a positive note, my daughter loved it and would have spent hours drawing and creating with the tools inside if I let her.  However, I had to take the box away so further damage does not occur before I can fix it.  The drawers work fine.  The problem is with the two doors on top that flip out.  Note about drawers; Little plastic door knobs pop out.  Need to be glued in.", 1.0
"My daughter has an earlier version that the one shown so it is possible they have addressed some of these issues:", 2.0
"1) most games have a 1 minute time out which is really frustrating for my kids", 1.0
"2) "Oh that's not so good" - If I hear Barbie say that one more time I may just throw this thing out the nearest window.  My daughter will get a score in a game she feels really good about and barbie says, "Oh that's not so good, but you'll be better with a bit more practice"  This has broken my daughter down into tears more than once.", 1.0
"3) There are no parental controls.  I wanted to turn off or lengthen the timer.  I expected those sorts of features from Oregon Scientific.", 1.0
"Right now the most fun thing my kids do with it is play the Flower Fun game (like hangman) and type in "ICUP"", 2.0
"If you are looking at a newer version of this I would strongly recommend playing with a demo for a few minutes to check it out", 1.0
"My daughter received this as a gift & we all found it extremely difficult to use.  I was not able to play most of the activities on the screens without first getting the handbook out & doing step by step which was still not very easy to figure out.  It was not at all easy for a child to enjoy.  There were very few activities my 6 year old daughter was able to understand & play. It is too advanced & difficult to use for the ages listed.  The screen on the monitor was low graphics & poor lighting quality as well.  This is a very expensive mistake that provided no benefit or fun to my daughter", 2.0
"I am the mother of two elementary aged children who love art projects.  This was a Christmas gift and I was never so disappointed in the quality of this item.  It arrived with crayons broken and the ones that weren't, you couldn't even use on paper.  The markers are dry and caps don't stay on.  This is a terrible product and the price is ridiculous!!!  Definitely would be better off purchasing these items elsewhere!!", 1.0
"The case is a CHEAPLY made box of wood that did not even survive shipping.  The materials contained inside are poor quality.  The rating does not deserve one star.", 1.0
"I returned it due to the damage sustained in shipping, but it would have been returned regardless because it is GARBAGE!", 2.0
"Yum...play food! This is a great set. I will buy it as soon as I find it. This is a great set! Lots of cans (good for storage), ice cream, boxed treats, cookies, (yummy), and of course, much more. And who could resist the spaghetti with meatballs? And is that chocolate chips on the ice cream? Oh my gosh, it's better than I thought.", 1.0
"You might think that to have a good time, your child needs 40 dollar Melissa and Doug wooden play food with real cutting noises and a Fisher Price 100 dollar kitchen for imaginative play. Bullpies, I say. I have tons of dollar-store food. I have ultra-realistic foam food from a kitchen set I got. I prefer the dollar store food. Dollar store food is better because it has more in one package, looks real, is cheap, pretty durable, and looks nice. I have a really silly play food set that came with a stovetop (small, but the knobs turn!), a pink and purple propane tank, a can of "barracuda" (seriously), and a can of "barracuda hash" which included barracuda, ham and eggs, chicken, turkey, potpie, and more eggs. But the logo has spam and a hotdog, and the front of it has beans, turkey, fish, sausage, and lots of weird meat. But it says "Eatable, 100% dainty, Present!, Daintiness, Dainty". Just wanted to let you know.", 2.0
"So, bottom line is, dollar store play food is much better than you think it is. It comes with lots of things that the expensive companies would never have dreamed of", 2.0
"It seems like a nice complete set of playfood, except that the boxes are really flimsy cardboard, and I've thrown most of them out already.  It doesn't take much to crush them.  There are much nicer sets out there, and there are separate pieces sold on ebay, that are probably used but will stand the test of your kids much better.  Not worth the money", 2.0
"I was really excited about this toy because it was a stacking and sorting toy in one. And I love Laugh and Learn toys. I got it for my daughter for christmas when she was 16 months old. She never liked it. I kept it out and encouraged her to play with it, but she just really didn't get into it. Also, there is a sticker that goes on the bottom of the top pot so you can see the shapes through the holes on the lid, and the sticker shapes don't match the holes! Unfortunately, this toy was a big let down.", 2.0
"I was so excited when I ordered my Star Wars Holographic Emperor figure. I'd been waiting for this exclusive figure be available for weeks!! When I got home today, the box with the Amazon logo was on my doorstep. Upon opening the box, I was completely disappointed to find that the Emperor figure I'd been waiting for was damaged since it was jammed into the box so that the backing card was crushed. The people packing this stuff are half-wits!! Anybody with a brain would know better than to  cram something into a box like that!! They should be ashamed of their service & to all you collectors out there....BEWARE!!", 2.0
"This looks like such a great toy, and the packaging is really impressive, but don't be fooled like we were. I assumed that by paying close to 25 dollars it would be somewhat durable-just reasonable durability-I don't expect much from plastic toys...but this is really really bad. You might also think that paying that much would give you things like closable doors...you know, 99 cent matchbox cars' doors stay closed, but the space shuttle's doors don't-which limit it's "fun" factor. The "movable arm" is just a free floating plastic stick that simply is stuck into a hole..It doesn't even stay in. The "launch pad" and the fuel tank/boosters are down right horrible. They don't connect to the shuttle, which was disapointed all of us, especially my son. And it is so cheaply made, I really can't believe that it wasn't bought from the dollar store. My son was so excited for this set. But after playing with it for just a few minutes he hasn't gotten it out again. I would definately NOT recommend this", 1.0
"My 2 year old son loves to "cook" and to serve Mommy and Daddy meals from his kitchen.  My only complaint is that it falls over easily and it seems we are often picking it up off the floor.  It isn't very sturdy, but I'm not unhappy with this purchase", 1.0
"This game is for people to play if they're drunk or mindless...or in some cases both....it's completely pointless and uninteresting...if ur just going to play bunco to see if u can get 21 snake eyes you either love to waste time or are just stupid...sorry but i mean think about it?...why PAY MONEY for this when i can JUST USE DICE from OTHER MORE INTERESTING board games I already own? DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!", 1.0
"~*Even if you manage to make the game interesting by being creative and thinking a little...you still shouldn't buy it...b/c like i said before JUST USE DICE FROM OTHER BOARD GAMES YOU ALREADY OWN!", 2.0
"My twin sons got this for christmas when they were 3.  They loved it!!!  The dog is so cuddly and cute.  They loved playing pretend with the accessories.  My only complaint is that within a day the latch was falling off, the syringe was coming apart, and the brush had lost a couple of bristles.  The boys had not played rough with it, it just wasn't the quality that I had hoped for.  It is a real favorite of theirs, I am just afraid that it won't last as long as their imaginations.  I think that with a few improvements it will be a fantastic toy.  A real winner for young children in the hospital.", 2.0
"I bought this for my daughter for her 11th birthday.  After playing the game once, she asked me if I could take it back.  She said that the game was boring because it was so limited as far as what you could do in the game.  My daughter has always played a lot of "simulated life" video games (i.e., the Sims, Animal Crossing) and online games (i.e, club penguin).  I suspect this is why she found this game limiting.  Other games that she has played portray a more intricate "life" and therefore draw the player in to a greater degree.  My advice would be to consider what your daughter is used to before buying this.  If your daughter has no experience in these types of games, this game will probably be fine.  However if your daughter has previously played simulated life games, she will probably find this one lacking.", 2.0
"I bought this for my nine year old daughter.  The game in theory is great, but ours does not work right, and the company is not real great to deal with.  I am still trying to get a replacement.  If the game worked properly, I would rate it 5 stars, easily.  Even my thirteen year old daughter loves it", 1.0
"We were excited to give this to our 5 year old for his birthday.  After opening he loved the design and having his own cool looking notebook computer and was very excitied.  However the screen is very disappointing.  I can't even rate the games because overall I simply just can't see what is on it.  The product is relatively useless in a dark environment and dissapointing.  I should have gone to a toys r us and actually compared the product to other simular products.  I would suggest anyone do the same prior to buying it", 2.0
"I bought this game for my new family for Christmas.  This is not at all the Game of Life that I remember playing for countless hours as a child.  First of all, my old game had all of the mountains, houses, and spinner permenantly attached to the game board.  With the new version, all of these things have to be attached with each setup, which takes about 10-15 minutes and they are easily knocked off the board.  Also, the spinner is hard to spin and frequently comes off of its pivot.  The cars are less sturdy and the people pegs do not stay in the car so you are constantly having to put the people back in the car.  Finally, the rules of the game have gotten more complicated and yet the meaning of the game has become more trivial.  I think I will put this in the top of a closet or in a yard sale and go find my old version of the game to play in the future", 2.0
"We were very disappointed in this toy.  It does not spin fast enough to make the paint spray evenly over the cardboard.  My older children had a spin art toy that was great.  It made the most spectacular designs. This is not worth the effort or money", 2.0
"What a disappointment.  The spinner just can't gain enough speed to do anything lilke what it is supposed to do.  Overall, it's  a cheap item with limited supplies for the $", 2.0
"This is more of a costume item for an adult or older child than a toy for a young child.  There are only two working buttons, one to open the visor and one that repeats a single message through a crackly speaker.  There is some padding on the top, but not enough.  The manufacturer acknowleges this by including a note suggesting that more padding be added.  Overall not a good value at all for the price.", 2.0
"I've already spent way too much time trying to screw the basket in and hammer the wheel caps on.  What a pain in the neck. This was the most expensive cart and I can't believe it's taking this long to put together - not worth it", 1.0
"I was really excited about this toy because it was a stacking and sorting toy in one. And I love Laugh and Learn toys. I got it for my daughter for christmas when she was 16 months old. She never liked it. I kept it out and encouraged her to play with it, but she just really didn't get into it. Also, there is a sticker that goes on the bottom of the top pot so you can see the shapes through the holes on the lid, and the sticker shapes don't match the holes! Unfortunately, this toy was a big let down.", 2.0
"My 2 year old son loves to "cook" and to serve Mommy and Daddy meals from his kitchen.  My only complaint is that it falls over easily and it seems we are often picking it up off the floor.  It isn't very sturdy, but I'm not unhappy with this purchase", 1.0
"My daughter received this as a gift & we all found it extremely difficult to use.  I was not able to play most of the activities on the screens without first getting the handbook out & doing step by step which was still not very easy to figure out.  It was not at all easy for a child to enjoy.  There were very few activities my 6 year old daughter was able to understand & play. It is too advanced & difficult to use for the ages listed.  The screen on the monitor was low graphics & poor lighting quality as well.  This is a very expensive mistake that provided no benefit or fun to my daughter", 2.0
"My twin sons got this for christmas when they were 3.  They loved it!!!  The dog is so cuddly and cute.  They loved playing pretend with the accessories.  My only complaint is that within a day the latch was falling off, the syringe was coming apart, and the brush had lost a couple of bristles.  The boys had not played rough with it, it just wasn't the quality that I had hoped for.  It is a real favorite of theirs, I am just afraid that it won't last as long as their imaginations.  I think that with a few improvements it will be a fantastic toy.  A real winner for young children in the hospital.", 1.0
"I bought this for my daughter for her 11th birthday.  After playing the game once, she asked me if I could take it back.  She said that the game was boring because it was so limited as far as what you could do in the game.  My daughter has always played a lot of "simulated life" video games (i.e., the Sims, Animal Crossing) and online games (i.e, club penguin).  I suspect this is why she found this game limiting.  Other games that she has played portray a more intricate "life" and therefore draw the player in to a greater degree.  My advice would be to consider what your daughter is used to before buying this.  If your daughter has no experience in these types of games, this game will probably be fine.  However if your daughter has previously played simulated life games, she will probably find this one lacking.", 1.0
"I bought this for my nine year old daughter.  The game in theory is great, but ours does not work right, and the company is not real great to deal with.  I am still trying to get a replacement.  If the game worked properly, I would rate it 5 stars, easily.  Even my thirteen year old daughter loves it", 2.0
"We were excited to give this to our 5 year old for his birthday.  After opening he loved the design and having his own cool looking notebook computer and was very excitied.  However the screen is very disappointing.  I can't even rate the games because overall I simply just can't see what is on it.  The product is relatively useless in a dark environment and dissapointing.  I should have gone to a toys r us and actually compared the product to other simular products.  I would suggest anyone do the same prior to buying it", 1.0
"Great concept, but bad design. Both of my children have had one for a year. Due to the discomfort, they never use it! It needs to recline back further and the plastic is slippery making it hard to sit without slipping around", 1.0
"I bought this Basketball hoop for my son who was two and LOVED to shoot hoops.  Great height for a small kid, but difficult to adjust, latch always got stuck. Also, after a few months, the latch broke right off.  Now I have a hoop that is too low for the basketball to be any fun for my son.  Now it is just a $30 peice of trash", 1.0
"Yum...play food! This is a great set. I will buy it as soon as I find it. This is a great set! Lots of cans (good for storage), ice cream, boxed treats, cookies, (yummy), and of course, much more. And who could resist the spaghetti with meatballs? And is that chocolate chips on the ice cream? Oh my gosh, it's better than I thought.", 1.0
"You might think that to have a good time, your child needs 40 dollar Melissa and Doug wooden play food with real cutting noises and a Fisher Price 100 dollar kitchen for imaginative play. Bullpies, I say. I have tons of dollar-store food. I have ultra-realistic foam food from a kitchen set I got. I prefer the dollar store food. Dollar store food is better because it has more in one package, looks real, is cheap, pretty durable, and looks nice. I have a really silly play food set that came with a stovetop (small, but the knobs turn!), a pink and purple propane tank, a can of "barracuda" (seriously), and a can of "barracuda hash" which included barracuda, ham and eggs, chicken, turkey, potpie, and more eggs. But the logo has spam and a hotdog, and the front of it has beans, turkey, fish, sausage, and lots of weird meat. But it says "Eatable, 100% dainty, Present!, Daintiness, Dainty". Just wanted to let you know.", 2.0
"So, bottom line is, dollar store play food is much better than you think it is. It comes with lots of things that the expensive companies would never have dreamed of", 1.0
"It seems like a nice complete set of playfood, except that the boxes are really flimsy cardboard, and I've thrown most of them out already.  It doesn't take much to crush them.  There are much nicer sets out there, and there are separate pieces sold on ebay, that are probably used but will stand the test of your kids much better.  Not worth the money", 1.0
"My 2 1/2 yr old son actually loves this product but he loves to take it apart as well.  We tighten the little colored pegs and a few weeks later he's taking them off again.  So far he's brought me pretty much everything that can come off including bolts with small washers.  Thank goodness he's past the stage of sticking everything in his mouth.  Also like everyone else we've had the same problem with the chalk board scratching just from writing on it with chalk.  I've always liked the Melissa and Doug products we've purchased but I wouldn't reccomend this easel at all", 2.0
"I purchased this coffee maker for my 3 yr. old son who loves to role play with the real coffee maker we have.  He was very excited about having his "own" coffee maker, however after only a few days it quit working.  The lights and sound still work but the water won't run anymore, he was very disappointed as this was his favorite part of the toy.  He still enjoys playing with the coffee maker so I will probably not return it because I think it would just break again and he has already accepted the fact that the water doesn't work!", 1.0
"My mom says that coffee is bad for you and it makes your teeth yellow. Why would you want to teach your kid to drink coffee at the age of 3", 1.0
"I ordered 6 supreme moo mixers. They did arrive before Christmas. I received 6 standard moo mixers that should have been priced lower. I notified the company of the error and didn't receive a response. Very disappointed. Shame on them. I'm a victum of bait and switch....", 1.0
"When i first got it i was sooo excited! But when i opened it, it had no instructions. even the 10 things to do with it didnt explain how to work everything. sure it was fun at first but then i realized, "how am i supposed to do anyhting?" the semi worst part was the stuff stunk. i got really nauseous when i got a wift of it. now i can usually handle smells but this was the worst! I got dizzy and almost through up! I wish i could have soaked everything in like bleach or sumthin just to get rid of the stench! I had to clean it too! i kept pointing my nose in the other direction and walking away for fresh air! I would not personally reccomend this. i ahve not been able to REALLY use it!! I dont no if directions was supposed to come w/ it or what but i can tell you that i was NOT pleased!", 1.0
"Our boy doll arrived without a nose!  Fisher Price will NOT give us a new doll to replace the broken doll. Don't waste your money!!!!!", 1.0
"I was rather disappointed with both Doll TV and the item.  The coin looks like it was made of cheap plastic.  I have toddler toys made of the same material.  The packaging is also very cheap and childish for a limited edition collectible.", 1.0
"I was certainly expecting a lot more for a limited edition replica which costs $25.00.", 2.0
"When I contaced Doll TV to discuss the item, I was told that this was "an exact prop replica of the coin necklace worn in the movie" and that they would refund my shipping costs if I removed my comments.  I didn't even pay for shipping!", 1.0
"There is no magic in this wand. What appeared to be a thin wooden Malfoy's Wand, turned out to be a poor replica made of plastic.  My son was very disappointed.  He used his own hard earned money to purchase this item", 1.0
"This is a very cheaply made reproduction of Malfoy's wand.  Whether you buy it or not probably depends on who it's for.  It would be great for a very small kid who will lose or break it, as it's cheap and made of plastic.  However for anyone else who craes about detail and feel, you might as well be waving around a wooden dowel", 1.0
"I got this puzzle for my three children (age 5, 4, and 2) and within a day my 2 year old had chewed off enough of the little black rubber pieces that the toy no longer worked.  It requires two of them for the vehicles to make sounds, so removing one means it doesn't work.  The pieces are small enough that I wasn't very worried about choking, but why buy a toy which makes you worry?  We were really disappointed.", 1.0
"I am now the laughing stock of my friends, why because I payed money for the lamest excuse of a 8 bit console tv plug and play ever.  My atari plug and play has better graphics and feel than this.  There are bars that have the projected GTEE screen that makes the game all most real I feel my little tv had to much resolution for this toy making it feel not so real in fact in two words "it sucks".", 1.0
"The batmobile itself is nice and stylish for a boy who adores batman. But this same boy gets extremely frustrated trying to shoot the coin shaped projectile that it comes with. You have to insert it "just-so" to get it to shoot when you press the button and my son doesn't always do it, then I have to get a butter knife and pry it out so I can put it in for him. For 10 dollars it's worth it, so long as your child doesn't absolutely want a shooting batmobile.", 2.0
"PS. My sister bought the same one for her son this Christmas and is having the same problem, so I do not think it is unique to mine", 1.0
"I don't know if we got some old box left over, or what.", 1.0
"Magnets are so weak, that kids can't make anything vertical.", 1.0
"They just collapse, and slide.", 1.0
"If I knew of course I wouldn't have purchased.", 2.0
"I got rid of the box, so I couldn't even return it.", 2.0
"OVER PRICED BIG TIME!!", 1.0
"This product reminds me of thick slightly mushy sand that you would play with at the beach except it comes in colors.  Playdough is much easier to work with if you want to build items/objects/shapes.  My daughter will play with playdough for hours but with this product, she lost interest after 10 minutes", 2.0
"My son kept seeing the commercials for this doll and he wanted it so badly.  Talked about it for a month so we got it for him.  He was super excited when he got and and the thing didn't work.  It just randomly gives clues that confused my son the point of tears. He was so confused it would tell him that he was close to it, then say he was no where near it.  Then when he was standing next to it, it said he was no where near it. He was so disappointed.  He thought the toy would be able to play hide n seek with him.  We followed the directs and helped him play with it.  He's 4. ( He wasn't running around like crazy like another person mentioned was why it doesn't work for some kids.) I think this is a terrible toy and Hayley's now in the trash.  She's too cheap and junky looking to even save for my daughter as a regular doll to play with", 2.0
"Not only did this phone not work, but the screen was really quite tiring on my eyes. The only ringtone that it had was a sound like beads being shaken up. The flashing light was distracting, and its features were extraordinarily limited! The camera option didn't work at all, and where the heck was the texting??? My parents bought this phone for me for my birthday, and it really made me mad!! I can see that this might be a good starter phone, but you can only get 0 calls froim it, and really limited reception in the mountains. Switch to a Razr as soon as possible", 2.0
"My daughter just about flipped when she received this toy as a birthday gift!  So immediately after the party, my husband went aboutputting it together.  My five year old played with this for all of about 30 seconds before a piece came off.  We've had it for about two weeks now, and EVERY time you touch this thing, some peice comes off.  No one plays with it.  It's just too much of a hassle to keep together.   My advice - but something else", 2.0
"My daughter really wanted the Cloud Kingdom for Christmas.  As soon as I saw the quality of it, I should have returned it but I knew it would break her heart.  It takes up a lot of room and does not fold for storage like most Barbie houses.  My daughter is very frustrated with it because the pieces do not stay together, so she hardly plays with it.  This toy is definately not worth the money.  I wish had read the reviews on this toy so could have bought her something that she could actually enjoy", 2.0
"Bought this for daughter for Christmas, and when I opened the box and saw the cardboard backing, debated on returning it. But they love the Pegasus Barbies, so figured okay, let's try it out! Is really beautiful when all put together, and my daughter LOVES it! But, that stupid cardboard backing. Nope, no way does it stay on at all. Am going to tape it to the wall behind the playset, and it will be fine. Right now is just standing up behind the set. Really, couldn't they have made a plastic piece with a big sticker with clouds/pegasus horses on it that attached to the back?", 2.0
"When assembled, the whole thing will fall apart if you literally move it a couple inches.  My 3-year old daughter understands this, not to move it, and so far she has been fine with it. I showed her myself moving it and it falling apart, and said see, don't move it, okay!?", 2.0
"But when it comes apart, is very easy to pop the sections back together - which in my house, the kids play with toys for a while, and then I like to put things away in the closet for a bit - which this I can easily break down some of it to store, and then in seconds have it snapped back together again to play with.", 2.0
"Yes, durability-wise is a piece of junk - but a beautiful piece of junk, and is worth it if your child loves the Pegasus Barbies", 2.0
"This was very cheaply made.  I was disappointed in it's quality.  Also, it comes apart constantly.  All my daughter has to do is barely touch it and it comes all apart.  I am going to try to glue the pieces in place so she can at least play with it.  We have many Barbie toys and this is by far the worst I have ever purchased.  Not to mention that is was expensive!  I expected much, much better quality from a Barbie product", 1.0
"I can't believe that they actually put the word 3-D on the box of this thing. How dare they advertise this as a fun and usefull learning experience. I wish I had read the reviews before I bought it. There is absolutely NO 3D value to this at all. They should have just made it plain 2D and then it would have been cool", 2.0
"The slides are awful and repetitive.My son had to keep asking me what they were pictures of...and I couldn't even answer him.I think the only thing he liked was when I turned the unit on without any slides and the light projected onto the ceiling.He thought that looked more like a moon that the acual slide did.Huge disappointment!!!And the base of the unit is worthless", 1.0
"First I would like to say that when I purchased this item it was advertised as the "Hobby" addition.  When I received it I didn't think it was the hobby set so I called amazon, the operator said she did not know about this product and provided me with the phone number to who sold it to me.  I called that number 3 times and left a message each time to please call me and I have yet to receive a phone call back.. When I gave this item to my husband for Christmas he confirmed my thought that it was not the "Hobby" addition.  I was not only upset that I did not get what I was looking for but that no one had returned my call", 1.0
"Don't be deceived by the box: Dread Pirate LOOKS like a really cool game with exceptionally made components, but it is DREADfully boring to play. The game is slow, tedious, and completely luck based, and simply no fun to play. You have been warned", 1.0
"Most of the other reviews for this toy are correct. when it works my kids love it. and it is pretty cool when it works. but it doesn't work very well very often. you need to find just the right car and everything needs to line up exactly. and even then the car crashes a lot. we have found one car (out of about 200) that works somewhat well. but even with this car the success rate is about 1 in 15. so, read the reviews and make your own judgements. personally, i'm glad this was a gift and i did not spend any money on it. my kids will still play with and enjoy it, but not as much as they would if it worked better", 1.0
"No wonder they are selling a 30 dollar toy for 5 bucks, it does not work and the quality is sub par.  I have three boys so we get alot of hotwheels toys and this one is the worst I have seen.  Do not take if it was free.  Garbarge and disappointment await.  I gave one star because you have to, but I would give negitive stars if I could", 2.0
"I purchased Crazy Croc even after reading all the bad reviews, but my son really wanted it so I bought it for him for Christmas anyway.  It was the worst gift i've ever bought....please don't even waste your money....trust me, check the reviews first, now that's worth it...", 1.0
"Leave this one "on the shelf"!! A "Hotwheels" product which doesn't come with "wheels"!????!!!  Who would have thought at $25.00 it doesn't come with a car and then they have the nerve to make it not work with other Hotwheels cars!! This is a very annoying junk toy which was such a disappointment to my son Christmas morning.  I would not have been so disatisfied had I shopped on Amazon and got it for the price being offered now--$5.00!!", 2.0
"Ho Ho Ho!!", 1.0
"My 6 year old has been asking for this toy for about 6 months now and today he finally got it. He's had it for about 5 hours now and is already tired of it. We've tried no less that 20 different cars and have yet been able to get it to work. The only thing it seems to do consistently is play that obnoxious sound over and over again (if you know how to turn the sound off, let me know. I'm ready to remove the batteries or clip the speaker wire).", 2.0
"Do not buy this toy. You'll be very disappointed in it.", 1.0
"Was a lot smaller than I expected. My daughter had to find a small doll to use that would fit. Because she couldn't use her best baby doll that she loves to play with she lost interest real quick", 1.0
"The toy is a lure to a social networking website for little kids.  They play games against "friends", who are strangers on the web.  They "chat", but only with preapproved messages.  There is always a reason to come back to the website tomorrow and play some more.", 1.0
"I don't think teaching little kids to keep coming back to a website is particularly healthy.  I REALLY don't think teaching them to interact with strangers on the internet is a good lesson, no matter how sanitized the interactions might be on the Webkinz site.", 1.0
"My one year old and I love these blocks.  They are light, soft and provide endless opportunity for imagination.  However, they are extremely expensive and of inferior quality construction.  When we opened the box, we found  that several of the blocks were not cut along a straight edge making them  difficult to stack.  Also, several of the identical shape blocks were not  exactly the same size leading to stacking problems.  One of the blocks was  peeling in one corner.  These blocks are such a great idea I find it hard  to believe no other companies are making them", 1.0
"This is a piece of garbage. The balls deflate after a couple hours. The rim is so frail it won't hold up to much. My friend came over and yelled slam dunk threateningly at my hoop at which point I got in between them and the hoop and said this hoop was not for slam dunking. They correctly pointed out that it says "Slam Dunk Challenge" right on the back board. Don't do it - it will break. When I turned it on it kept score wrong and gave points for misses. So that function is worthless. The only reason I gave it two stars is that it looks kind of cool but will have to find a nerf ball.", 2.0
"We just bought this for our 3 year old.", 1.0
"I do not at all understand why it is labled for 5 and over!!", 2.0
"Cute game idea-", 2.0
"But this was not well put together.", 2.0
"First I about died when I saw the super cheap, barely cardboard gameboard!!!!!!! It is a VERY small board, set up like a 4 piece puzzle, that I predict will barely stay together after a few plays.", 1.0
"the jewelery, subpar.  the crown and rings are OK, the rest very cheap and plain.  But is serves it purpose just fine :).", 2.0
"I give this low marks for educational and durablity.", 1.0
"BUT the jewlery box and spinner are a nice & durable!! If they put the same effort into the WHOLE game it may be worth buying.", 1.0
"My daughter DID enjoy dressing up and playing a game together so that salvaged a star for the game.", 2.0
"i got my any farm last year happily i opened it....and took EVERY thing out in one load.i filled out the form and got my ants i decided to slowly put them in...outside!well 15 of my anties escaped and 2 bit me!!!after a good fight with them i got them in and brought them in.my finger was burning.but, the next day i woke up and ALL my ants had died that night.i was soo mad i threw everything away!*sings and skips off", 1.0
"This puzzle (also known as Rubik's Revenge) is good fun - and because it has another layer of movement, it is much more likely to fall apart than the 3x3x3 cube. However, the puzzle of reassembly is also quite fun - and requires no force! A clue to reassembly - make sure that the last two pieces are the same colour edge pieces - and they will (very gently) snap into place.  A second clue: only the centre pieces (four flats pieces on each side) fit into the grooves of the ball - be gentle, and your cube will be as good as new. Start with the four centre pieces of one colour at the bottom - and build up the cube layer by layer. Remember! No force", 2.0
"It's a pretty good toy but most people get sick of them as they get frustrated and can't do every side the same colour on each side. If you're ready for frustration then this cube is for you. If you are buyin it then have fun", 2.0
"I "played" with this at a specialty toy store and was pretty disappointed with it. I thought I wanted this for my son after seeing it online but I'm so glad we got to try it at a store first. My toddler showed almost no interest in it. It looked hard to use and not at all fun. However, it looked like it was well made of good wood and with good stains/paint and finishes.", 1.0
"We've had more fun with a plastic food container that I cut a square shape on the lid and my son fills it up with his wooden ABC blocks. BTW, you can  do the same using matchbox cars, Peek-A-Blocks, etc. Just use a different plastic food container (yogurt, sour cream, powdered drinks, etc.) for each shape.", 1.0
"I am not too happy with this item.  It has a handle, yet is heavy enough to hurt if a toddler drops it on their foot.  It is difficult to reach inside to get the shapes out.  And the vertical placement of the holes is difficult to use.  Other than that, it is attractive looking and constructed well", 1.0
"My son loved this tent.  He fit perfectly in it and it fits inside his crib so he can sleep in his tent.  My only beef with it is that somehow he's bent the frame of it so now it doesn't sit right on the floor.  Actually it doesn't sit on the floor at all because of where it's bent.  The tent would be better made if there were a floor to it and some support (similar to what keeps the top portion rigid) at the base of it to keep the "legs" (there aren't any but that's the best way to describe them) apart.  The tent would also be better constructed if it didn't have one continuous wire for the frame on each side.  If the wire gets bent there's no getting it back into its original shape, unless you take out the stitching (around the WHOLE tent frame) and repair it then restitch it, but who has that kind of time?  Overall it's a fun toy for a little one but not a well thought out build.  I'm glad we got it as a gift and it wasn't something we spent our money on", 1.0
"The fine print on the box tells you this is a "multi-terrain" vehicle, instead of an "all terrain" vehicle, this is because while they advertise it to go through sand, and grass, and mud, what they actually mean is that it will go through dry sand, such as you would find in a desert, dry grass, such as you would find on the african savannah, and dry mud, such as you would find in their fertile imagination.  Mine has shorted out and stopped working just going through dewey grass.", 1.0
"My son LOVES to "drive" cars. I saw this and thought he would love it. It is totally unrealistic, doesnt make much noise (which for some parents that would be a +, but in this case its not) and it is not entertaining at all. Paid entirely tooooo much money for something that he will not play with at all. I have tried letting some of my friends children play with it, and they dont seem to enjoy it either.", 1.0
"Purchased this item for traveling. Our son doesn't travel well. So we purchased this item for him and it doesn't strap on to the car seat like the picture shows. The straps are material and velcro on the ends. How do you attach these straps? So, now we just let him play with it being free. It doesn't attach", 2.0
"I am so glad we tested this product ahead of time. As a rule we test all battery opperated gifts before we wrap them, these walkie-talkies worked for ab out 10 'feet'... yes I said feet. We gave them to my 2 year old grandson to play with instead of his big brother who got a set of Midlands. Don't waste your money on these..", 2.0
"I wish I'd read the reviews before buying this product!  I would have saved us money and aggravation.  I bought these for my son's Christmas present this year.  He was really excited about playing with them with his sister.  The problem is, we haven't been able to find one single spot -- inside or out -- where we can get reception on both units!  Even when you can pick up one person on the handset, the sound is so staticky and crackly, that you can barely make out what the person is saying.  What's the point?  My kids got so frustrated in the first couple of days, that they dumped them in the toybox and haven't played with them since.  What an incredible waste of money and such a let down for the kids on Christmas. It's pretty rotten that National Geographic can conscience putting this piece of junk on the market.  Don't make my mistake.  Heed these reviews! This is a must-avoid product", 2.0
"We were very unhappy with this toy. The speakers were distored and the music sounded awfu", 1.0
"My daughter got this for Christmas this year and almost immediately pulled off the top half of the Greg character on the keyboard.  In their defense, none of the other characters have come off so we will try to return this in case it was an isolated incident.  Other than that, she seems to like it.  She also received the accordian and LOVES it so I would recommend that over the keyboard", 1.0
"This tractor is advertised as a great back yard toy but is geared to high for younger children.  My son, who is almost 4 is a very stong bicycle pedaler but he can not make this tractor move across the lawn.  It would be great if you have a lot a pavement to ride it on, but if you planning on them ridding it through the back yard, forget it.  This is an on pavement toy only", 1.0
"Got a dud.  Lights flash (constantly) but not a peep out of it.  Has an email address, wrote for suggestions twice, also no response.  But the mail was delivered so I can only assume they're playing dead (or playing with one that works)!  Big let down", 1.0
"This was a cute product, but only lasted a day.  Perhaps my preschool boys' punches were just too much for this bag.  A patch was included, but it seems that air is leaking from the seams.  Oh well.", 2.0
"This Sudoku YD-638 puzzle is very hard to use. And I think of my self as a computer geek.", 1.0
"To make matters worse the instructions are very poor. They may make sense to someone who has used this for years, but not to a new user.", 1.0
"Save you money to buy a different game.", 1.0
"I recently purchased the deluxe version of yahtzee after enjoying the regular game for many years.  I was impressed with the gold dice and the dice cup.  Everyone else in the house not playing really loves the padded cup.  I was disappointed in the dice tray.  It is very flimsy and not properly designed.  It should have a rotator and be made of more durable material.  Also, the score pads that came with the game do not have a place on the back to tally player totals.  I felt ripped off when I discovered this obvious mistake", 1.0
"This is fun and a good idea, but the quality of the stand and the plastic is very poor.  It fell apart the first time we had it up, and while you can put it back together, unless you want to be doing it every ten seconds, it isn't worth it.  The keyboard itself is fine. The microphone overpowers the keyboard music and has no volume on it, but the keyboard does.  The microphone stand is really cheap plastic and broke right away.  I would suggest buying a cheap keyboard and microphone and just using it on a table instead, or if you buy this product, don't expect to use the keyboard stand for long, but it can work without it", 2.0
"Like others said the microphone stand broke very easily and the whole toy is not durable at all.  The legs and the stool do not stay together whatsoever.  My son has to sit with it on his lap to play it.  I would not recommend this toy to anyone", 1.0
"I bought this for my 2-yr-old at a rummage sale. He loves it! But it's very flimsy, the microphone gives constant feedback, adn the volume repeatedly resets to a dangerously loud level. It was worth the $6 I paid, but I wouldn't recommend buying it new", 1.0
"My son got this for his 4th birthday.  Moon Sand is a terrible toy--ugly and messy.  He seemed to enjoy playing with it (but no more than Play Doe), but the clean up is horrible.  The sand stuck to the treads of his shoes and was tracked throughout the house.", 2.0
"My daughter received this for her 4th birthday and I must say we were terribly disappointed!  This "sand" did nothing but make a huge mess of our play room.  There was dust everywhere and nothing the kids tried to make stayed together.  UGH!  As it is "sand," when it gets on the floor, there is no way to easily pick up the pieces except with a broom or vacuum.  We put it on newspaper to contain the mess, but boy was that a mistake.  Wet newspaper and dry sand............", 2.0
"We're going to take it back and get some good, old-fashioned Play-Doh instead", 2.0
"This product kept my 5-and-3-year-olds' attention for ten minutes, tops.  It does not look like the pictures in the ads.  It usually got stuck in the molds instead of sliding out effortlessly as it would appear in the ad.  It makes a mess, gets all over the place and truly does not seem to be much fun. It got put away in the cabinet and my childen never asked for it again.  My money is better spent on modeling clay or other arts & crafts types of activities", 1.0
"I did not buy this from Amazon but sought it out here so I could vent about this outrageous product (that's 'outrageous' in its traditional meaning, that it outrages me).", 1.0
"This is two packets of colored dust, approximately the consistency of unmixed plaster.  Empty the plastic bags and the colored dust flies everywhere, mold it in your hand and it retains its shape for a few seconds before blurring and falling apart.  My wife and I repeatedly checked the packaging to see if we should add water or do something else to make this usable but apparently not.", 1.0
"The claim on the package is that it "Molds like Dough," obviously intended to remind us of Play-doh, but Play-doh is a clay-like material that retains its shape and can, in fact, be molded.  This material -- again attempting to compare itself to Play-doh -- states that it won't dry out.  Of course not!  It's dust!  It can't dry out, there's nothing drier than dust.", 2.0
"In case you're wondering I have no connection to Play-doh or its makers (I don't even know who does make it), I'm simply the father of a 3-year old who uses Play-doh often and hoped this product might be a workable addition to our playtime.  Wrong", 2.0
"While my son enjoyed the illustrations anf fun content of the books in this set, I felt it was disappointing as a learning tool for beginning readers because it moves much too quickly.  The first book is just letters and letter sounds.  Very introductory.  The second book introduces three letter words right off with no transition at all like 2 letter blends.  That was ok to me since it was phonetic 3 letter words, but by page 2 we were already "leaping" to 4 and 5 letter words and by page 3 they were already introducing a sight word - "does" and a double consonant word - "cannot".  I thought the pace was frustrating for my son.  I was hoping/expecting a book devoted to just blends and/or 3 letter words.  Instead this program is organized by vowels with the letter a being introduced first.  I don't see that as a problem, but I was expecting more phonetic 3 letter words to start and introducing harder 4 and 5 letter words by maybe book 3 and sight words coming later, like maybe book 4.  Unfortunately, you can't see exactly what your getting until you open the box.", 2.0
"Nonetheless, the audio is entertaining for children with music and humor thrown in and the reward stickers, poster, and ribbon are a fun way to recognize your child's achievement.  The practice game is basically just like the Word Whammer Fridge Phonics product but with cards instead of magnets", 1.0
"just my opinion; but i have a hard time finding books to go with my 3yr old daughter's first leap pad.  she loves maurice sendak's where the wild things are and she loves many of the other books that go with the leap pad that is for 6mo-24mo age range.  i think they should have done a bit more research on which stories were associated with which leap pad system.  as for the pooh bear game; i agree; way too easy here; this would have been perfect for the leap pad made for younger children, and made a more challenging one for this level.  great idea; just not well put together", 2.0
"Of all the First LeapPad books to buy, make this the last one on your list.  My daughter has NO interest in this one whatsoever! &#60;br /&#62;", 1.0
"&#60;br /&#62;", 1.0
"( I have two friends who have said the same thing.", 1.0
"I was really upset when I received this item. I had ordered 2 becasue I thought it was a terrific deal, but nowhere did it mention that you needed the leappad player in order to use it. I hate returning things =", 2.0
"I had high hopes for this game, but played it with a friend last night and was appalled at the number of confusing questions and just plain incorrect answers.  For example, one question asks, "Which of these animals is not found exclusively in South America:  (a) chinchilla, (b) sloth, (c) guinea pig, (d) spring buck".  Ruling out zoos, my friend reasoned that since zillions of kids in the US have pet guinea pigs, the answer must be C.  Alas, no; the correct answer is "(d) spring buck" with no explanation.  Did they mean animals in their natural habitat?  We aren't sure.  The question is not clearly written.  Another question asks, "The word `berserk' is derived from:  (a) a Norse god; (b) the German for `crazy life', (c) a tropical plant".  I read this to my friend and said, "None of these is the right answer."  The word `berserk' comes from the Germanic branch of the language tree and means `bear-shirt'.  The game says the correct answer is "a Norse god.  In Norse mythology, the god `Berserker' always fought in a state of frenzy."  There is no such Norse god.  Who wrote these questions?  One of the aspects of trivia games that I enjoy is the prospect of learning something in the process of playing; this game concerns me because I do not know which answers are incorrect.  From a learning standpoint, the badly written questions and poorly researched answers make this a frustrating and intellectually dangerous game.", 1.0
"I got this for my eight year old. Unfornately I read the reviews on Amazon just before he opened it, not before I bought it.  This is a great idea very poorly implemented.", 1.0
"I am completely dissappointed, and if I had not bought it at a final clearance sale... would be bringing it back.  My son's previous method of holding a piece of paper over what he wants to copy and then taping them to a well lit window is much better and cheaper", 1.0
"After waiting for 1 month to get this toy I cannot tell you HOW disappointed my 7 year old daughter was when she got it. Absolutely this thing is a WASTE of money!", 1.0
"It is poorly designed and there is no way you can trace from it. The image is impossible to see with any amount of detail.", 2.0
"DO NOT BUY THIS TOY! I would give it zero stars if I could", 1.0
"The game of course is great fun, but the 3-D is not worth the extra cost.  The kids get distracted by the slides and ladders and don't play the game.  They fight over which direction the marble should move (and of course marbles get lost easily).  How to count the spaces is not obvious.  I would just get the good old classic game if I had it to buy over again.", 1.0
"The figure was sent back for a replacement because the legs did not fit into the body, it was defective.  The same problem with the replacement and it was returned as well.", 1.0
"When putting together the mobile section of this item, I was very disappointed in its flimsiness. It looks like just a few knocks will cause the screws to break from the plastic.", 2.0
"When I turned it on I was disappointed a second time, this time by the irritating buzzing sound that the mobile makes as it rotates. It's so loud you can't hear the music, which is a shame because I'm sure my son would enjoy looking at the moving lights.", 1.0
"The third disappointment - the buttons are VERY hit-and-miss. Sometimes the music buttons don't work (the lullaby one worked eventually once I mashed it in really hard). That I could live with, but it's fiddling with the other controls that is really irritating. Control for music off, lights on/off and rotation on/off all seem to be tied up in two buttons. If you have the music and lights going, then turn on the rotation, the music and lights will go off as the rotation comes on. Then you have to press buttons in whatever order seems logical until you get them all going the way you want them. Please bear in mind I am NOT particularly daft - I managed to figure out my TIVO remote in a day or so - but the controls for this baby's musical mobile make no sense to me. I thought at first it was supposed to be deliberately challenging in order to stimulate 'baby's natural curiosity', but after two nights it really got on my nerves, and if I can't figure it out, I don't see how my one year old is supposed to. I can only think that there is something very screwed up with the circuitry in there.", 2.0
"I'm not dismissing this item all together. The music is lovely - not too simplified and not too electronic-sounding. The Minute Waltz is particularly nice (I've noticed my son scans for it). The lights are lovely too, and do look pretty when they're moving if you can stand the buzzing. My son has come to depend on the music to amuse himself with as he falls asleep. BUT, if you buy it, I'd recommend testing the buttons and the motorized rotator before screwing the very flimsy mobile pieces together in case you need to return it.", 1.0
"This appealed to me since I would be able to use it longer than the standard mobile, but it ended up not working when we wanted it to anyways.  I liked to idea, but just doesn't work.  This mobile constantly stops working (before the 8 minutes are up)...it stops going round.  The music continues & the lights are still on, but the base stops rotating, it seems as though it always gets "stuck" and we have to push it to get "unstuck".  We've changed the battery and that doesn't seem to help as the base keeps getting stuck, I contacted Mattel to get a voucher since it's been more than 90 days since I bought this, can't return it in the store.  (It's kind of big and ugly too, didn't expect that from the picture.", 1.0
"The rechargeable battery lasted for approx. 5 minutes once fully charged.  After five minutes it did not have enough power to allow the air hog to fly. I would not recommend this as a buy.", 2.0
"My husband and I just bought the Family Feud 2nd Edition DVD TV Games.", 1.0
"I have to say we both LOVED this game when it was first on (and on GSN as repeats) and I like the computer version.", 1.0
"We played this once by ourself and a couple of times with friends and we all have found that this game was boring & as someone said they can't believe they put this out.", 1.0
"If you are going to get this game then buy the computer version.", 2.0
"You have", 2.0
"5 rounds", 1.0
"Round #1", 1.0
"Round #2", 2.0
"Double Money Round", 2.0
"Triple Money Round", 1.0
"Fast Money Round", 2.0
"You have Team A and Team B.", 2.0
"If you get one wrong answer and you click wrong then it says go for steal.", 1.0
"HOWEVER, you only get one X.", 2.0
"Per Guide...IF an answer is revealed that Team A did not have written down, they press Wrong Answer button and pass the remote to Team B.", 1.0
"Team B now has the opportunity to steal the round.", 1.0
"So most of the game was passing the remote back and forth.", 1.0
"IF the steal answer matches any one of the remaining answers they steal the round (even if you-Team A had that written down) and takes the money for any answer the other team has answered correctly (even if they got 4 out of 5 and both Teams say have the same answer)", 1.0
"The game itself was simple and basic.", 2.0
"There was no real fun to it.", 1.0
"We tried to play it with others and they said afterwards that they found it boring and not all that fun.", 2.0
"One person said they would have more fun watching the game itself on TV over playing this version of the game.", 1.0
"You get two markers (red and blue) to write on the two wipe-clean score cards. The negative on this is that the markers do not write all that good on these cards even though they were meant to.", 1.0
"Another thing is that the same game will come up more than once.", 2.0
"We had the same question and answer come up even though we only played twice.", 2.0
"This is the 3rd or 4th DVD game we have been given or bought.", 1.0
"This is the only one where we disliked it so much after playing it a couple of times that we are giving it away as we will not be playing it again", 1.0
"This is the first time I'm writing a review of anything on Amazon.com, but I need to warn people about this game.  It would be great except for 2 problems:", 1.0
"1.  It skip excessively.", 1.0
"2.  There is no way to easily skip past games that you've played.  So once you've taken out that DVD, put it back in and you'll recognize the questions -- you've answered them already!", 2.0
"Not recommended.", 2.0
"If I could give it negative stars, I would.  However, Amazon makes you give it at least 1", 1.0
"I got this product for my daughter.  The password feature was difficult to program and the voice recognition was so precise it was almost impossible to reproduce the right voice inflection and pattern for the journal to recognize.  My daughter often could not make the journal open. After a frunstrating week or two, she stopped playing with it altogether", 1.0
"The Pixar Cars characters from Mattel can be purchased from Target, Walmart or Toys R Us for around $3.50. Don't be taken in by these rip-off merchants. These are not in short supply and can be found with patience", 1.0
"I couldn't wait to get this for my 18 month daughter.  Much to my disappointment, I get it and it doesn't work.  I returned it and received a replacement.  That one also didn't work.  I am in the process of returning it and won't ever buy from Amazon.com again", 1.0
"If you're a fan of the evil child-killer Mr. Fred Krueger, then add this item to your collection as well. You can always trust NECA to provide with great horror movie replicas. The figure is based on his latest entry; Freddy VS Jason", 1.0
"Doesn't fit well on my son's wrist. It is difficult to close, and when worn the thumb trigger only works 10% of the time. I think he's played with this once since getting it for Christmas.", 1.0
"My son was excited to get this for christmas.  After we opened it and put it together it just never worked the way it was designed.  The arrows launcher never held the arrows.  As soon as you tried to load them they would fly out.  The shuriken launcer was cumbersome and difficult to use.  He pretty much gave up on it after a few days and now it's gathering dust in our closet.", 1.0
"We are very disappointed in this product we purchased last summer.  We constantly have many kids and adults of all ages over to our house because of our swimming pool and I don't think we have found one person who has done more than try it once then walk away.  Also it is difficult to find the right size to hang it becasue of different sized people using it.  Not recommended", 1.0
"I bought this gift for my daughter for Christmas.  It does not work at all. It sounds like a cheap transistor radio when you attempt to adjust the knobs.  I'd like my money back", 1.0
"This is the first time I have been truly disappointed in something I have gotten through Amazon, much smaller than it looks in picture, if it was five dollars it would be too much, too late now to do anything for Christmas,just not worth it at all............", 2.0
"the paint brushes are so stiff that they do not even catch the paint when you dip them and then they do not bend to meet the paper they poke the paper- I threw them out after one use", 2.0
"This toy barely gets used in our house. It has a very low to the floor design, my 18 month old daughter has to hunch just to play with it. The sounds and characters are cute, but clunky and not very realistic. I am very dissatisfied with this purchase, not worth the investment. If you are looking for a fisher price doll house for your youngster, I would suggest checking out: Fisher Price - My First Dollhouse. It has a higher design with more realistic characters, not so clunky. I wish we would have purchased this one instead", 2.0
"I just recieved a Fisher Price magazine in the mail and thought this product would be a nice Christmas gift.  I was thinking that Amazon would have a good price, but they are almost double what Fisher price is asking.  If you go to Fisher Price's website this item is only $33.00 + $7.95 shipping and handling.", 1.0
"I just ordered the world of little people sweet sounds from amazon. I haven't received it yet. I paid $200.00 for it. Now I can see it's selling for $139.00. I've also seen it for $32.00. What's going on. Is there a difference in sets? I'm not sure, but I think I acted too quickly. Can anyone tell me if there is a difference in the doll houses? Did I make a big mistake", 1.0
"Fisher Price is selling the same item for only $33.  $139.99 has to be a mistake", 2.0
"I got the baby alive Hispanic doll for my daughter for Christmas. I opted for the Hispanic doll becuase I thought my daughter would learn a bit of the two languages as we speak French primarily in our home.I must have received a broken doll because our doll is nothing like the description. She does not speak English at all...you can press her bracelet a million times and no English. And when she does speak, her English is slurred and unintelligible. We have contacted Amazon several times and have had them decline a return. After 2 months, we are still wiating for her to eat and fall asleep. VERY DISAPPOINTING! Would not recommend at all!!! The reason that this rating received one star is because my daughter loves her death even though she does nothing", 2.0
"There are lots of little pieces, and the rules are a bit complex. I played it with my nephews ages 7 and 5 and they both had a hard time staying interested for the length of the game. However they have both asked to play it since, so they must like something about it :", 1.0
"I purchased bean bag toss for my four year old grandson, it was his birthday, it was absolutely no challenge - no fun and required absolutely no dexterity.   very very disappointed, if it was possible to return it I woul", 1.0
"I bought this table for my almost 8 month old who is starting to pull up on things.  I thought this would be safe for her to learn to stand with because it has hand grippers along the sides of the table (just for that purpose) and is recommended for ages 6 months+.  All of the fun shapes, colors, and sounds immediately caught her attention.  She cawled over to it and when she tried to pull herself up it fell over ontop of her.  She bumped her head and cried, but fortunately, wasn't hurt.  I put a rug under it thinking maybe that would help make it more stable, but as soon as she tried to pull up again (within 5 minutes of taking it out of the box) it fell over on her again.  The top of the table is very heavy, but the legs are not very sturdy, making it topheavy and easy to topple.  Needless to say, I took it back to the store.", 1.0
"I would not recommend this toy unless you only wanted to take the legs off and use it on the floor, or if you have a toddler who is very steady at standing on his own.  Personally, I think the recommended age should be changed for older children or this toy should be recalled and the legs redesigned.", 2.0
"My 10-mo-old son showed no particular interest in this "table". I did not like it much either. Why would a 10-mo-old show any interest in table items that sing? I have left it without legs. Two minutes after I installed the legs my son nearly fell with the "table" on his face. Had to uninstall them. Not good for active infants. Also not very entertaining. Buy the one from Leapfrog but still be careful when you have installed the legs because they say that that one is higher than this (might have more balance though but I do not know for sure)", 1.0
"Our 7 yr old daughter was given this last Christmas.  It is awkward to use and the motor didn't seem to have the power needed to turn the wheel when the clay was on it.  She ended up using the clay and molding it by free hand.  It now sits in the corner of her activity table and isn't used at all.", 1.0
"As in my title I have mixed feelings about this toy. My children both have the original color version of the VideNow. I thought I would upgrade them to the newer version. They have a cheap feel to them and don't seem to work very well. In fact one is going back to the store next week for a trade in. There is a lock botton that freezes the bottons so you can't accidently turn off while watching. But it seems like the buttons freeze up on their own quite often. I can see why the batteries go dead quickly because if a child can't turn off the unit it just gets left on! I am very dissapointed in this. The kids really enjoyed their Color versions and I feel I shouldn't have gone to the extra expense to upgrade them. However, even with it's faults my kids still enjoy them. My kids don't watch a lot of TV and prefer the shorter pvds to the long Dvds. I prefer that too. That way I can say they can watch one show and know they won't be watching for an hour or more. If you are a parent thinking about purchassing one- keep you receipt in case you need to exchange and carefully think about how your kids will be using it. If your child is easily dissapointed by items that may not work properly this may not be the item for you", 2.0
"Who cares what the commercail says. It is not an Widescreen. Man, a 3 inch screen? Great, my PSP screen is bigger than your's Tiger Electron-poop. The discs are only 30 minutes long? The discs for the PSP is an half gigabite. DO NOT BUY THIS WASTE", 2.0
"Please. These things SUCK. Oh, wow! Its got a 3 inch screen!! Big deal! My portable DVD player is 10.2 inches; almost tripple the size of this! The quality is pixely and crap, and you have to buy the stupid "Video Now" Pvds. $14 for, what? 6 episodes? Oh, thats so cool, as in not really. Trust me people. Stick to portably DVD player. Yes, they are very expensive, but they will last twice as long. If you want a really good DVD player, buy the 10.2 inch Insigna Portable DVD. Yeah, its $260, but it is worth every penny. So, all in, if you are gulliable, and like blowing your money on a device that is better left in the store, buy this! But, if you are like me, stick to DVD players.", 1.0
"Who would sell an r/c toy car that runs backwards continuously?  It was a big disappointment for my granddaughter.  Tyco's Lighting McQueen was greeted with glee when it was unwrapped, and found its way to the trash with the day's wrapping paper.  POS", 1.0
"This game is heavily developed based on the actual movie.  If you haven't seen the movie, and/or your kid was too young to understand the plot, then they might not get the game.", 1.0
"Most of the adventures are based on the story plot.  A lot of the adventures are a bit dumb, like McQueen bumping alphabet tires into a truck, McQueen tipping over the tractors based on counting smoke rings, McQueen herding the tractors back into the pen, McQueen driving down a long road and picking up shapes, McQueen driving down a road looking for Mack based on memory, McQueen dodging the firetruck water blast, etc.  The only adventure I liked was the forklift picking up tire numbers (odd vs. even) and installing them on the race car.", 1.0
"Don't buy this game unless your kid is obsessed with Cars", 2.0
"I bought the race cars to go on the speed and go racetrack.  After shaking the cars, they do not even go around the racetrack once!! My boys still love the cars becasue of the way they look and the noise that they make. And boy do they make alot of noise! They love to push the cars around the racetrack.  It frustrates me becasue I bought several of these shake and go racecars that do not go around the track and use alot of batteries", 1.0
"I had a feeling that this toy would be trouble when I saw the delivery guy walking up to our front steps with a weird grin on his face.  Evidently, the box had been vrooming, vibrating and shrieking throughout his rounds, and he was only too glad to end his term as its temporary steward.  My two-year-old has largely lost interest in this toy; he doesn't mind the shaking and noise, but more often than not it just vrooms and then doesn't go anywhere.  My advice: buy Matchbox, or Hot Wheels...or something more reliable with volume control. This will probably be in our next load of donations...thrift shoppers beware.", 1.0
"HI.everyone gues what i went to toys r us and amazon.com and i saw these hamsters. i thaught they were just too tenderly sweet for me. so i asked my mum over like abillion times. Can i get this mom no she said.2 minutes later can i get this mom no she said AGAIN.then i really started begging her that she just suddenly agreeed. now just remember don't always beg your parents cause the secret is if you ask your parents once and they say no then be really good for about a week and then they might surprise you with you'r special tenderly sweet toy. so now remember i am and always will be raiting  5 stars. so just please try to test this. boys might even like it. if you listen to me and get it you can/could still return it okay BI FRIENDS!!!!!!!!!!", 1.0
"you really did me a fauvor", 1.0
"...doesn't make it a great toy. A lesson learned the hard way. This toy is unbelievably loud. So loud, my husband and I can't stand to be in the same room with our son when he's dancing (stomping) on it. So ridiculously loud, my son can't play with this toy inside at all anymore. Every time he moves, the songs start over. Grates on your nerves after the 5th or 6th stomp. What a disappointing toy. We've had it out of the box three or four times to play with. It is now hidden in the deepest darkest part of the hall closet until we make our next round of donations to Good Will. Save your money for one of the other good dance mat toys on the market. This one's a stinker", 2.0
"This toy is the most stupidest thing i have ever had. The only reason why i gave it a one is because you couldn't give it a zero. First of all this thing beeps every five seconds. I swear even when im sleeping this thing beeps. It wsn't always like that when i got it i would bring it to school then everyone started getting one even kindergarners had one then the princble banned them because one third grader lost hers. During class kids would ask me do you want to connect? Im just saying this is a toy for little ones. This toy can also get repetative i mean its a baby then it gets a tooth ache toddler teen adult old person. So parents if your thining about buying this toy for your children dont because in about a month and a half they would probably stop using it. So dont buy it", 2.0
"I couldn't agree more about this product. It's appalling how badly made it is. The concept is very cute - a toolbox that unfolds into bridges and roads for the small die-cast vehicles. My 2.5 year-old has a hard enough time dealing with frustration without this toy adding to it! The bridge on the right doesn't properly attach or stay up and the road pieces do not attach properly. It's also a battle to get the tool box to connect together. My son always wants to play with it, but I can't cope with his cries of frustration when it all falls apart. I think this toy will have to mysteriously "disappear" one night while he is sleeping. They should withdraw this rubbish from the market and refund us all our money!", 2.0
"This product is awful, it won't stay together and is very frustrating to both myself and my three year old. What a disappointment.", 1.0
"This is the best deck ever! But if you are looking for armed dragon LV7 go to soul of the deulist booster packs because this doesn't have it. But I love Red Eyes Darkness Dragon", 2.0
"I absolutely love this deck.  I bought this along with "Zombie Madness" and the "Warrior's Triumph" structure decks.  They all rock,  but this is my favorite.  And for the guy who gave the Winged Dragon Of Ra tip, on the bottom of the card it says "THIS CARD CANNOT BE USED IN A DUEL". So even if you happen to get one [which costs a LOT] you can't officially use it. Overall,  this deck is very cool.  I love Red Eyes Darkness dragon!", 2.0
"P.S. For best results,  buy the Yu-Gi-Oh! deluxe pack for 20$.  It comes with "Dragon's Roar" and "Zombie Madness" plus two rare cards ["Rope Of Life" and "Armed Dragon LV7"]. Here's what they do:", 1.0
"Rope Of Life", 2.0
"PGD-105-Ultra Rare", 1.0
"Trap Card:", 2.0
"This card can only be activated by discarding your entire hand when 1 of your own monsters is sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle. Special Summon the monster just sent to the Graveyard in face-up Attack or Defense Position, and increase its ATK by 800 points.", 1.0
""Armed Dragon LV7"", 1.0
" This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by the effect of "Armed Dragon LV5". Send 1 monster card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy all face-up monsters on your opponent's side of the field with an ATK equal to or less than the ATK of the sent monster.", 1.0
"Add this the deck for an amazing combo!  Start off by setting a Masked Dragon card in defense mode.  When your opponent destroys it,  use its effect to summon "Armed Dragon LV3".  During your Standby Phase,  Send it to the graveyard to Special Summon "Armed Dragon LV5".  Then use it to attack your opponent's monster which is most likely destroyed.  Then when you end your turn use its effect to special summon "Armed Dragon LV7" from your hand OR deck!  You now have a 2800 atk points on the field!  Sweet!  And its effect is soooooooooo cool. I put the "Rope Of Life" card in my "Warrior's Triumph" structure deck.  It helps out a lot! I hope you will make the right choice in buting this deck or the more preferable deluxe pack.  Yu-Gi-Oh! Your Move", 2.0
"I purchased this item yesterday, also set it up as shown. There is a little plastic gray piece that sticks up and doesnt let the cars go through. We have yet also to get ONE car through. A huge disappointment to my son who was excited about it. But I called Mattel and they gave me a gift card for the amount i purchased it for. Great customer service. I think this product should be recalled because the cars do shoot back at you at an alarming speed. Hit my son in the head.", 2.0
"We bought this item for our son's birthday. We assembled it exactly as shown in the directions.  The cars do not launch properly into the loop - we have yet to have one car make it through the entire track. Also, when you place cars to "launch" and "crash" they shoot clear across the room. One knocked our daughter in the chest!", 2.0
"Not worth what we spent on the item and we are finding ourselves increasingly dissappointed with Hot Wheels items.", 2.0
"I have been searching for the perfect handheld sudoku game and this is not it.  I found it very difficult to see the numbers without a backlight even with my reading glasses.  Also I would perfer a stylus pen instead of having to scroll around the screen to enter a number.  I do like the idea of being able to use a dry erase pen to mark off numbers, but I couldn't even see those.  Still searching", 2.0
"We gave this toy to our 4 year old son.  That was 1 1/2 years ago.  It worked at first, but the balls did not pop up high enough for him to hit.  After about 1 month, the balls did not pop up at all.  Little Tikes replaced it with a completely new toy.  Again, it worked for a few months, but now it does not work.  The beeps sound (a nice feature), but nothing happens.  My son has given up on the automatic feature and will sometimes use it as a t-ball stand.  Most of the balls are lost.  Thank goodness I only paid $10 for this on sale - but not even worth that much", 1.0
"Purchased five of these sets thinking they would be fun stocking stuffers.  Wanting to check out what I purchased, I opened one of the five.   The geodes are tiny (not as pictured).  It was like breaking open dirt-clods... that have a small empty space inside... but not crystals.  Maybe it was a "dud" box, but will probably be returning the other four.", 1.0
"Bought at Toys r Us for 8 year old. Had fun putting", 1.0
"it together, and like I said it Looks cool.", 1.0
"However, you barely touch it while playing with it,", 1.0
"and it falls apart. Even frustrating for a kid.", 1.0
"I would expect better quality for $40.", 2.0
"Probably will return", 1.0
"Here in America, Lindsay Lohan is what many call a conspiracy. Lindsay Lohan is NOT  a "beloved collector's item". She's a bulimic spoiled brat.", 1.0
"She's also, weird. MyScene has made the biggest marketing mistake of their life. Lindsay Lohan went from cute child star to bulimic brat in a milisecond. She thinks she can sing, and she can't. She thinks she can do a romantic comedy, and she can't. (Just My Luck, was not "lucky")", 1.0
"I bet not even a million bought this doll from a cheap knock-off of the Barbie line.", 2.0
"You'd only buy your child this doll if you want them to idolize a young woman who has thrown her life away", 1.0
"Okay, the concept of this game cube is great, and believe me: you will spend many hours trying to solve this puzzle.", 2.0
"Now on to the reality...", 1.0
"I first tried this brain buster in the eighties when it came out. Upon its first release, the stickers stayed on, the plastic squares didn't break off, and it just seemed like a higher quality piece. I beleive the plastic might have been heavier.", 2.0
"But now, twenty years later, the stickers peal off, the squares pop out. JUNK, JUNK, JUNK!", 1.0
"If this was made in the USA it would now cost more than it does being manufactured over seas, however ...it wouldn't be junk.", 2.0
"You get what you pay for.", 1.0
"Stephen John Beccia", 1.0
"Author of The Treelanders", 1.0
"I had purchased two of these Smack and Yack cars for my grandson.  While wrapping them the night before I planned to give the gift, I discovered that they did not make noise as advertised.  If I had looked at them earlier, I would have returned them for a refund.  It's no fun to have grandchildren that are disappointed", 2.0
"I asked my sister to buy this bike for my daughter for xmas last year - she decided to buy another one for my nephew also since he is the same age as my daughter (2 yrs old at the time). She bought the two bikes at the same time, same model, same color, same store. My daughter, who is far more coordinated then my nephew, tips over very easy, my nephew seems to do fine. My daughter is taller and that may be where the difference lies. Perhaps the height of the child using the trike is what is causing the trike to tip easily. Not sure - but I know I regret that she ever got the bike -it was a total waste of money", 1.0
"I bought two of these trikes for my 19 month old twin sons.  Within the first 10 minutes of use, they both tipped over numerous times.  They tipped over when they were trying to use the pedals and also when they were just using their feet on the floor. Definitely not a sturdy trike.  My husband and I were very disappointed and returned them immediately.", 2.0
"In reading other reviews, I see that our experience with these trikes is not unique", 1.0
"This bike may be cute, but it tips over too easily.  My daughter was on it for 10 minutes and she tipped over several times, then would not go on it. I returned it to the store, after reading on this site that it is obviously a common problem with this bike.", 1.0
"I have a BIG Dora fan in my house & this was one of her first Dora dolls (last year). She played with it for the first day or two...its loud, very mechanical, not very appealing. The toy saw a rebirth in use when it was discovered that it she could make Dora dance & terrorize the puppy. The doll only does one dance, regardless of what skirt she has on now. From reading other reviews, if I pushed & held it while she was wearing it she might ballet, but not worth the hassle! Since then, my Dora lover has received various other Dora dolls, so we have a collection that sings, dances, speaks various languages, and the ONLY one she plays with regularly is the Dress Up Adventure Dora - she's more posable, does something other than sing, and you can change her outfits. Perfect for my almost 5 year old", 1.0
"Loud annoying and entertaining for only a day.  I got this doll because my 3 and 5 year olds, both "had to have it".  They watched it dance for about 30 minutes and that was the extent of the play with this doll.  It isn't a doll that they can use imagination with, snuggle with, or any other type of constructive play.  A Dora video would have been a better choice.  At least their attention would have been captured for the 30 minutes and then they would have watched it again later.  In order to get the skirt to stay on (to change the song she danced to) I had to push VERY hard.  My kids couldn't do it on their own", 1.0
"The NATURE'S FIRE VOLCANO also used to be sold at the Discovery Channel Stores. My kid loved it while it worked. Lasted about a month. All of the reviews stated the same on their site. Lasts from 1 to 3 months. Wish I had checked it before we bought it. Save your money", 2.0
"I wouldn't waste my time buying anything from this company. We purchased the Train table for a Christmas gift and while assembling it on Christmas eve there were quality issues. Several drilled holes were not drilled in the proper position and the table surface had several deep scratches. I called and e-mailed the company several times to try and obtain replacement parts and never got a response. Most companies want you to contact them when you need replacement parts rather than returning it to the store, but not KidKraft", 1.0
"My daughter loves the sticker maker but she used the cartridge in one day and still has plenty of stickers left to make and I can not find the refills anywhere.  They need to make the refills for these types of toys easier to get.  I am to hesitant to buy the bead maker now because of that and I know my daughter would like it but It's a waste if it's a one time use and upsets my daughter", 1.0
"My daughter bought this with birthday money and it jammed on the first day she played with it. We can't get the sticker roll out and she is very disappointed. Don't bother with this toy. Buy a better one made for scrapbooking. The look on my daughter's face when this broke was heart-breaking", 2.0
"I bought this toy for my five year old daughter.  Her three year old sister and her loved to play with it for about thirty seconds.  My five year old finally asked if it could go away because she was tired of putting it back together.  Her ponies now live in the strawberry shortcake house with her....", 1.0
"The stable falls apart and pieces are tiny. Big waste of money - Very frustrating. I'm considering supergluing it together - this shouldn't have been a problem", 1.0
"The cursor is so minute it is difficult to see it.", 1.0
"Makes the game unplayable in most suitable environments.", 2.0
"Design issue could be fixed easily", 2.0
"This Suduko handheld game was not user friendly. I returned it for a full refund", 2.0
"This product is terrible. The very essence of Su Doku is logic & reasoning. This product leaves everything to guesswork. I returned it, ate the postage, & was happy to be rid of it! I then downloaded shareware from the Palm Store to my Palm Pilot for $10. Couldn't be happier", 1.0
"My kids were getting very frustrated with the connections of masts and hulls.  They are very poorly designed and "pressure" fit to a point where they easily pop off. Both boats - the Royal Dutchman and Black Pearl - have poor fitting. Compared to lego, the ability for parts to connect and stay connected is extremely poor.", 1.0
"I plan to write a letter to Mega Blocks about this quality issue", 1.0
"I could get the aircraft to pickup and eventually hover but there is no such thing as getting that thing to go in the direction you want it to. I put the aluminum weights on the nose to get it to move forward that way all I had to do was turn it in the direction I wanted it to go. It is very difficult and is no way as easy as it looks on TV. And I've practiced a lot", 2.0
"I purchased the Havoc Heli for my dad. He saw an ad for it on TV and wanted one, so I was excited that Amazon.com had it for a lower cost and free shipping. However, that was as far as the "good" went. My dad was disappointed to find out that not only could the Havoc Heli not pick up and fly with the accessories that came with it, but it had a difficult time flying without any "extra weight". This helicopter has no risk of creating any havoc. But, it does make a cute little paperweight.", 1.0
"The McQueen car went first. Motor sounds worked but no voice and rear wheel activation. This, after about two weeks of play.", 2.0
"Then the King car stopped working. Same thing, no voice or rear wheel activation. The cars that came with the Shake 'N Go race track are holding up but go through the batterys. The cars have a tough plastic shell and alot of thought has gone into the details. One gets the impression of a quality toy when handeling it and they look good just sitting still. But, that is not what we get them for.", 2.0
"I feel like an idiot, maybe I didn't have all the parts or something but I tried and my husband tried and my neice tried and my friend tried and my stepson tried and NONE of us could figure out how to get this thing together.", 1.0
"Since there were no instructions, that helped alot.", 1.0
"There was a picture but the hoops that went over secured to nothing and fell on the kid, making it utterly useless.  Though there were little things that appeared to attach to something, they taunted us and we tried and tried to attach this here and that there and maybe that will work...it was ridiculous.", 2.0
"We haven't had the issue with any other baby thing...not car seats, not the red wagon, not the baby gates, not the crib or the cradle...but this thing after several attempts we just took the hangdowns off and she played with those until the batteries died.  We sold it at a garage sale for a buck and felt like glad for it to be out of our lives and out of our closet", 1.0
"This item is cheap and I don't mean the price.  It will not stay together.  The plastic frames do not attach well to the mat because it is held with velcro that keeps coming undone.  The arched bars are not bent enough causing one side to pop up off the floor.  I tried bending them myself, but they always return to their original shape.  Pay the extra money and get a better mat", 2.0
"We just put the stupid thing together and put the batteries in and nothing worked.  The light would go on and off, but there were no sounds at all.  We made sure we had everything plugged in correctly, but it still wouldn't work.  After all the time of putting it together what a disappointment.  I will be calling Fisher Price tomorrow and seeing if they have any suggests and/or taking it back to Toyrus.", 2.0
"We bought this for our granddaughter's 2nd birthday 03/16/07 and had the item delivered to our house a month ahead of time. We took the items to their house to assemble it.", 2.0
"We founds missing parts and 2 side pieces were the same, when they should have been"a" and "D".  WE got 2 "D"  pieces.  Part "Q" was also missing", 1.0
"At first the case seemed like a good idea, but after the third use the zipper stopped working. Because the case does not stay open on its own, there is a tendency to push the case open and force the zipper backward and apart. After fixing it a couple of times, it is now permanently broken. Bad design. Perhaps Velcro would have been better here.", 1.0
"This is a very cute and realistic set.  The measurements are all accurate.  The whisk is very DANGEROUS though.  It is metal.  One of the "things" came out of the handle and stuck out like a weapon.  One of the kids could have been severely injured had I not found it and thrown it away.  If you buy this item, make sure get rid of the whisk!", 2.0
"We were unfortunately dissappointed with our purchase. We loved that it showed rubber stoppers for saftey and for our hard wood floors ~ they didn't come with it. Further, Melissa and Doug puzzles don't fit.", 1.0
"I purchased this for my daughters 2nd birthday. Withing the first 5 minutes the back of the chair part for the high chair had broken off and would not stay on. The first time she went to take it in the bath Pooh's arm came off and will not go back on. I am just really disappointed that it wasn't anything as great as I thought it would be. I saw the it in the store and was excited that my daughter would love it, but sadly it was very depressing for both of us", 1.0
"I bought this kit solely for the prism to show my kids how the light split into a rainbow.  The prism is such poor quality plastic, that the light doesn't even go through it correctly.  I could have made a better prism in my oven with plastic pellets and a form.  The sides look like a cake top that fell, causing the light to not go through it correctly.  The rest of the kit sucks too.  I put batteries in the flashlight and the plastic of the flashlight cracked and crumbled in my hand!  The cardboard cutouts are ok... if you want to pay lots of bucks for cardboard cutouts and the included soda straw.", 2.0
"This stuff is greasy and hard to wipe off tables and fingers.  It's good for older kids who can keep their fingers on the paper but not good for little ones who smush their fingers into the wax and get it all under their finger nails on the table, chairs and walls.", 1.0
"Although Crayola is a wonderful brand, I was not impressed with their Color Wonder fingerpaints.  The time between when my children put it on the paper and the time it actually appears is too long for them, and they get frustrated.  It is very hard to keep their attention long enough to make an entire picture.  Also, it is not "mess free."  The paints are very greasy and you end up cleaning it off of everything they touch (other than paper) anyways.  I did not like how mushy the paint was...I am still finding globs of it everywhere", 2.0
"Looks great, but NOT worth the money.   My son begged for this toy - and it was a big dud.  Almost impossible to fly - I think once out of 50 tries were we successful.   Made out of flimsy material, it chipped and scraped right away.", 1.0
"Do NOT buy this toy!!!!!", 2.0
"I was very unhappy with this product because the paint is chipping off the wood side-boards which is very dangerous for kids.  I was wondering if there was it possible for me to get new side boards for my grandson's wagon which I purchased for his 2nd birthday.  He is unable to play with the wagon because of the paint chipping off", 1.0
"This product arrived with none of the hardware needed to assemble. The table itself looked as if was used or returned for being substandard. All in all, not a good experience. I will not purchase anything from this seller agai", 1.0
"After reading the reviews on this table we thought we would gamble. We were very disappointed.  The packaging arrived torn and open in several places. Only a few screws came with the table, not that this made much difference as there were table parts missing too. The parts that did arrive were chipped practically in every corner and the paint rubbed off. Amazon were efficient in having the item picked up for return and refund", 1.0
"I read all the negative reviews on this table and decided to go ahead and order hoping I would get lucky and not have all the problems the other customers had. DON'T DO IT! The table arrived poorly packaged and beat up just as the others here have described. One corner of the table top was bashed in, another piece of wood was split, the green paint from the table top rubbed off onto the white table leg, and edge of the other table leg was dented in revealing the plywood underneath the paint. This is a very CHEAP table - cheaply constructed of plywood. It is functional, but just not very attractive since it arrives already damaged. Just beware before you buy that you will more than likely be getting a banged up train table", 2.0
"As far as I know there is only one tempo and one type of dance sequence on this mat.  No matter how much we play around with the different buttons it does not do anything different.  This was a big request from my 6 year old daughter for Christmas and now she hardly plays with it.  It entertains our 15 month old twins more!  Resist any begging by your kids for this item and buy something else, a CD boombox maybe", 1.0
"Purchased this as a gift for my grandchildren....This is Boring and absolutely NO FUN no matter what your age.  I guess for almost $40 you shouldn't expect flashing lights or something a little more exciting. Doesn't even deserve the one star I gave it.", 2.0
"We bought this for my son for Christmas, on the conditon that he never put fish in it, since the reviews said it killed fish.  That worked fine until he won a fish at the school carnival.  Of course it had to go in with the sharks.  So with freshly treated water and a prayer, we put the fish in.  The next day it was very listless and lying along the bottom.  After checking the reviews, I saw one where the person removed the fish and they recovered.  So we've taken the beta out and are waiting to see if it will survive.  I still would rate this aquarium 1 star for cool looks and lights, but it's very noisy and I believe it kills fish", 2.0
"Followed all directions, added fish, within hours the fish were "sleeping" on the bottom of the tank. Luckily they had not entered the never ending sleep so I took them out putting them in a bowl of water and after an hour they started getting better.  Changed the water in the tank this time using distilled water, added fish, 3 hours later they were lying motionless on the bottom.  took them out and put them in another bowl of water and they got better. Something is seriously wrong with this tank.  Bought regular plastic tank at the pet store added fish and guess what... they are doing great!  Do not put fish in the shark tank.  They will die", 2.0
"My 4 year son is learning about the fragility of life the hard way with this tank.", 1.0
"Two Goldfish, two flushes. If I take the struggling fish out of the tank and put it in a fish bowl it seems to come around, but they won't last 24 hours in this tank. I've followed the directions to a T, Adjusted the pH, tried lights on lights off, pump on pump off, even used bottled water, but the fish just do a slow fade when in the tank", 1.0
"I bought this toy for my shark-crazed 5 year-old... she was so stoked and we prepped the tank, added the recommended water chemicals and dropped in two small goldfish. Less than 24 hours later, they were dead. Repeat... 40 hours later... same story. We tried a single Betta, Frank, but less than 4 days later... he's dead. We don't know what it is. The water was tested, it's fine. We think it is the overall design of the tank, could the tight-fitting lid be responsible? Possibly ammonia by-product buildup from the fish? Who knows. But we have given up and are dumping this promising toy into the trash bin", 1.0
"I agree with the comments about the taste and size.  Personally I think someone should look into the false advertising.  On the preztel kit, which is also a "4 pack", you only get two pretzels.  One of the packs is salt and another is glaze.  Then you get two packs of some pretzel dough.  These pretzels are not much larger than the ones you get in a bag out of the vending machine.", 1.0
"Total rip-off.  Hasbro should be ashamed of its marketing staff", 2.0
"Horrible advertising on these packages.  It shows a huge delicious bowl of pasta when says 4 pack, but it only makes two "bowls" of pasta.  The servings are so tiny, that if you make both packets together, you maybe get a half a bowl of pasta.  Not to mention that it takes about 11-15 minutes to cook!  Pasta's so sticky you have to use no-stick spray.  The taste is so bad my son, who eats anything wouldn't touch it, and the sauce packet was hard as a rock, so it didn't mix up and left big chunks in the ketchup you have to add.  We tried the mac and cheese too, it takes 15 minutes to cook and again says 4 pack, but that's only 2 pastas and 2 cheeses.  Very expensive, hardly any food, and pretty nasty to eat.  They need to be alot more realistic on their packaging instead of trying to use false pictures and saying "4pack"  Eight thumbs down from this family", 1.0
"The go-cart is much smaller that it appeared to be. My 2 year old barely fits. These is no reverse and it is a sit in toy. So the child has to get completely out to turn around, or you have to follow them around. The steering column is not straight so the steering wheel has to be sideways to drive straight. All together it is not a very impressive to. My daughter enjoys it very much but I should not have got rid of her Lil' Quad.", 2.0
"We got this set for my 4 year old son for Christmas. His eyes lit up when he saw it. He dropped everything and insisted that we open it right away....we didn't, of course...we waited a whole day...thank goodness...it literally took an hour to put together. There are so many pieces that look alike but are barely different. It was very frustrating...then it wouldn't stay together once it was finished. It has been nothing but a frustration for him and me ever since. He gets so upset when he tries to play with it. We saved the box. It's going back, if they will take it...", 1.0
"Santa got this castle for my five year old son for christmas. I agree with many of the other reviewers, though it is visually appealing it is very flimsy and was painstaking to put together. Despite all that my son seems to be enjoying. This toy is fun for the child but not for the parents.", 1.0
"Our almost-4 year old son loves dragons and has one of the Imaginext dinosaur sets, so we thought we'd really surprise him on Christmas this year with the Imaginext dragon set.", 1.0
"While I'm very happy with how happy my son is with it (he's been playing with it for hours) I have a feeling we're going to be in much the same boat as some other reviewers.", 2.0
"Pros:", 2.0
"- Interesting color scheme", 1.0
"- Good detail on most pieces", 1.0
"- Re-configurable", 1.0
"- The dragon figure is really neat", 1.0
"- The trap door, rotating floor and other moving parts are a lot of fun for my son to operate", 1.0
"- Got it on sale at the local Toys R' Us for 11 dollars less than listed on the web site.", 1.0
"Cons", 1.0
"- The directions are picture-only, and much too small to see fine detail.", 2.0
"- The pieces are not packaged together logically, so that the elements of the set are all in one bag. You have to open every bag and lay the pieces out in order to be able to find everything and even then there's some question as to whether you've got the right part turned the right way, per the above comment about the directions.", 1.0
"- The whole thing comes tumbling down like a house of cards if you bump against it lightly/during casual play. I've had to put it back together no less than 5 times since I initially put it together this morning. Some of the connector pieces don't fit tightly enough into the sockets on other pieces, so they tend to just slide out instead of locking together firmly.", 1.0
"I think that next year, we'll just stick to Legos", 1.0
"My son loved the toy and couldn't wait to get it opened, but the problem came when we tried to close it back up.  The treasuer box would not close back up easily.  I had to work at it very hard, my son who is 7 could not close it by himself.  He got pretty frustrated", 1.0
"This thing just doesn't work, don't bother.  It won't stay upright no matter what you do, so there's no way for the kids to play any form of tether ball with it.  Looks like it would be fun if it worked.  The most entertaining thing about it was that the dog kept barking at it for some reason.", 1.0
"I was very excited about buying this phone for my daughter after seeing it on the internet.  That was, until I saw it in the store.  There were about 5 in stock and not one of them was in full working condition.  Most of them had not enough power to play any sounds, while others had parts broken off of it.  Don't waste your money on this product.  You will surely be disappointed", 1.0
"Not to impressed with this company. 3rd item I have bought and the table top had to be reglued and screwed. Also the table top had major horizontal cracks. I don't believe they check their quality of their products", 2.0
"My twins loved the similar toy I bought at Dollar Tree. The one at Dollar Tree has a duck or pig in center instead of a red mass.", 1.0
"I cannot believe they charge this much for the same thing", 2.0
"Last summer we bought two of these cruisers and both of them broke after only one month of normal use.  The water squirt function quit working after only a week.  My kids LOVED them, but for the price these cruisers are, they need to be built to last", 1.0
"Yes i've just bought the videonow color fx and want more pvd's but they are kinda costly so i want to know is ther a need to buy this item?Can you burn regular dvd's to a pvd ?And is this going to be a wast of money?Is there any were to buy blank pvd'", 1.0
"I ordered this item and was so excited. It loaded fine. It let me upload files just fine. It wasn't until I actually tried to create my PVD that I received errors that shut down the program (many many many times...with numerous types of video files) I double checked the system requirements for the software and my computer checked out fine. The worst thing is that there is no support for the media player. I tried contacting Hasbro with no response. I am so dissapointed.", 2.0
"My son's best friend got one of those for christmas and we went to the lake to test it against my son's regular RC boat. The hovercraft was very slow and not quite that maneuverable. It hovered OK on water, but couldn't handle sand or concrete. The "skirt" slipped out of its track a couple times (despite our being careful fitting it as best as we could), filling with water - the foam inside it didn't prevent the boat from being swamped by the smallest wave (even in good shape it couldn't handle waves like the other boat.) The thin skirt finally ripped and the boat is pretty much unusable now. Big disapointment. It was somewhat fun while it worked, the concept was intriguing for the gearhead boys, but once the novelty wore off the regular boat was a lot more exciting and all the kids prefered taking turns running that one.", 1.0
"Whatver your favorite fruit may be, this game will certinaly not be in your cadre of favorite games. It is basically boring, and ill-conceived. I have played it  a few times with my kids, and found it to be of no particular interest on any level-it is neither fun, exciting or challenging, for them or me. I strongly recommend you try a Cranium game , or how about CHESS??? The only positve thing i can think of with regard to this widly overrated game, is that it's better than TV, which isn't saying much", 2.0
"I bought this item for my 6 year old niece.  Not only was i disapointed with how it physically looked (colors were not bright like other Cars toys), I was absolutely disgusted with the name calling in one of the sayings.  I realized when it called the tractor a negative name, stupid I believe it was, that it was going back.  I wouldn't want my child having a toy that calls others names, so I wont give it to anyone either.  Not to mention, the grammar used, is not correct.  I realize that is the character, but why would I want to teach children grammer that is wrong?  All in all, disapointment, that Disney puts out toys like this", 1.0
"My daughter had a drink and wet doll that she could give a bath but it filled up with water and even though you couldn't empty all the water out, it still leaked everywhere. I got rid of it hoping she wouldn't notice. Well, she did, so a new "doll I can give a bath to" was on her Christmas list. I wanted to find a solid rubber doll that would not fill up with water. Like the dolls I had as a child. I thought this would be it since the top half visible in the box appeared to have no holes. Wrong. It has a soft torso filled with polystyrene beads that get waterlogged. The water all (I hope) drains out of the bottom of the feet after a couple of minutes of squeezing. Then you have to let the torso drip dry. Last night after bathtime, my daughter wanted to tuck her doll into to the doll cradle, but couldn't because she was still wet.", 1.0
"The other features are fine. The shower works great. You don't have to fill up the fish. Just attach it to the tube and squeeze. It suctions water from the bottom of the floaty. The doll doesn't sit upright in the floaty, but she doesn't flop completely over, either.", 1.0
"I don't care for the bow sewn on to the head. Who takes a bath with a bow on? But if you take it off, she'll have holes in her head", 2.0
"My daughter wanted a doll that goes in the water last christmas.  I chose this one, and she was so pleased.  THe doll is beautiful.  She did not quite sit the right way in her raft.  Someone needs to hold the raft while the doll is in it, or it will tip. My daugther did not like that we could not just dry the doll off with a towel, so she could take it around the house with her, but that it had to hang and dry.   Still she loved this doll and it was her favorite, until two months later when the material around the leg wripped.  Instead of trying to sew it, I figured it was cheaply made and the rest would rip also, we said goodbye.  This year I am getting her another doll that goes in the bath, but I am getting the Paul Drink and wet doll by corolle.  It is a lot more expensive, but I think it will be worth it.", 1.0
"It's a big nasty mess.  As big of a mess and disappointment as Floa", 2.0
"The remote worked only for 2 days. My daughter loves the look of it so I am not able to dispose it off. Its a total waste of money. I wish I had read the reviews before buying it since lot of people seem to have the same problem with the remote.", 2.0
"I agree with a previous review, this ball pit will NOT STAY INFLATED!  My kids had barely played with it and it started tearing and getting small, unrepairable holes in it.  This is also a very small ball pit.  It is too small for two kids to easily play in it and not bang heads.  We had purchased a Little Peoples ball pit train years ago for my older daughter and it held up for years.  This was a very disappointing purchase", 1.0
"It didn't even last 24 hours before it split at the seams in several different spots.  Don't waste your money", 2.0
"My daughter had this when she was a teenager. Now my grandchildren come and play the game she had. To preserve the original game I ordered new ones to replace my daughters game when she had it. The grandchildren, all 6 of them, love playing this game at our house", 1.0
"My daughter loves this toy.  She has the treehouse and the school house, she plays with them often.  My only complaint is that they fall apart.  She does not mind, I just snap it back together and she keeps playing.", 2.0
"My son is 5yrs old and this was one of the 1st things on his christmas list. He loves Power Rangers of all kinds but when we finally opened this and I tried to put it together...I thought I was doing it wrong b/c nothing fit or stayed together!! My son still played with the dragon part that was already put together but the storage bin is useless and the rope that the Power Ranger can "slide" down is barely high enough that he stays off of the ground and he pretty much falls down rather than sliding down. The so called "instructions" were horrible and another reviewer was correct in indicating how small the pictures were. I would have never wasted my money on this if I would have read the reviews 1st (I usually do). My son played with it for about 5-10 minutes and then asked why santa would bring him something like that. In my opinion it was a huge waste of about $50 and gave santa a bad name with my son for bringing him such a piece of junk", 2.0
"This toy is a terrible disappointment. It falls apart immediately, is very poorly designed, and ridiculously difficult for a child (or adult)to put together.", 2.0
"Whoever decided this was good for four year-olds must not be a parent of said age group. My four year-old received this as a birthday present. His adult aunt could barely figure it out. It's one of those toys that collapses the moment you play with it, taking all the fun out of the imaginative play that should be occuring. We have all the little parts and bigger pieces in a pile and he just walks around with the bigger piece wondering what to do with it, even though we have the corresponding Mystic Force Power Rangers themselves. I think this toy should be perhaps 1/4 of the price listed. Simply disappointing", 1.0
"It really is not what I was looking for, but the children have found other uses for it", 2.0
"I paid over $7 for this thing, bought it thinking it was going to be bigger than the ones that come with the set, and then I get it and it is tiny! you can get a much better deal on the extra large ones at lego.co", 1.0
"Bought these beads for my 18 month old. He enjoys taking them in and out of the container. They are made out of thick plastic but are too heavy to stay snapped together.  When we snapped 4 or more together they would not stay snapped together because the weight of the beads pulled them apart as soon as they're moved", 2.0
"Horrible...I was very excited to play this as I am a huge fan of the arcade game.  Of course, I wasn't expecting the quality to be the greatest but I was hoping for something playable.  Track ball is stingy, graphics are atrocious and there is only one course to play.  I have played better functioning, playable golf games 20 years ago on an PC.  The idea was great but this just wasn't made well.  Don't waste your money on this", 1.0
"this was a christmas present and it continues to fall apart. the archways do not stay on them. too expensive for what you really get. i ended up putting most of it away except for the center cake piece and the cats. I would not buy it", 2.0
"The game was not nearly as sturdy as I had hoped.  A piece broke off as I was putting it together.  Too sensitive to touch.  Wouldn't purchase again for an 8 year old", 2.0
"how annoyed am i ? today my son is 5 an aunt bought the tmnt monster jam truck ; so we ,supposedly, bought the battery to go with it. WRONG THIS DOES NOT GO WITH IT. SON HAS A TOY WITH NO BATTERY , WE HAVE A BATTERY WITH NO TOY. WELL DONE TOYS'R'CRAP. WILL NEVER BUY HERE AGAI", 1.0
"I am very disappointed in the construction of this toy.  The picture on the website and the picture on the box made it look like it was made of a more durable material.  It was made mostly of styrofoam and cost way too much for what it's made of.  I have no doubt that this toy will not survive until next Christmas. I would have sent it back if it had not been from "Santa".", 1.0
"Unless you are prepared to be constantly putting the ropes and the masts back on the ship, this toy is a complete waste of money. My son had been wanting the Black Pearl for quite some time and this was a huge disappointment to him.  Buyer beware", 1.0
"I just finished the World's Largest Crossword Puzzle last night.  It's been one heck of a project--approximately equivalent to 200 slightly oversized daily crossword puzzles.  I'm going to love hanging the puzzle on my wall--it really is something to behold when it's all done.  But it's also a big undertaking that requires a great deal of patience and perserverance.", 2.0
"The puzzle itself is moderately difficult, but made more so by the fact that somewhere during the revision (it's been re-done once) or perhaps during the original construction some errors were made.  Because of this, many of the clues don't match the answers. Add to that the fact that the author uses many hundreds, possibly even thousands, of abbreviations that are specific to a certain field (e.g. "Abbreviation used in electrical engineering") that no lay person ever has a chance of knowing, and you've got what can be an exercise in frustration.  You can work for hours on one small section and only later find out that the clue doesn't fit the answer. I'm generally pretty dogged in completing crosswords until letter perfect, but that's not possible here.  So I had to sacrifice a bit of my honor and force myself to give up after a couple of passes through the ups and downs.  Still, it's about 98+ percent solvable, which is pretty good when you consider how intricate the puzzle is and how hard it must have been to create.", 1.0
"Overall, I enjoyed the process and am pleased with the result.  If you've got the time and energy, I highly recommend this.", 1.0
"My 7 1/2 year old daughter tried these on at a friend's house yesterday.  SHe had them on for about 2 minutes before she fell and got hurt.  After a trip to the ER and the Orthopedic Surgeon, she has a fracture in her growth plate.  Need I say more", 2.0
"This Elmo table will suddenly go off in the middle of the night.  I had to ship the first one back to FP on my own dime to get a new one, that one was broken as well!  The cookie monster did not work on the first one and now the ABC part does not work.  this time they are paying for my return shipping but come on!  what a pain!  shoddy electrical work.  i have the same issues with the aquarium bouncer baby seat.  make sure you get this garbage on sale!", 1.0
"This dog looked so cute and fun in the commercials and it was the one of only two things my 4 year old really asked Santa for. Come Christmas morning, today, I open it and put the batteries in and all it did was whine and we were petting the head and chest hard. After about 3 minutes I did get it to bark then another 3 minutes later I got the tail to wag but the leg wouldn't shake for another 3 minutes. 20 minutes of trying to get it to do any thing at all it finally licked but the tongue was not wet and I did put water in it so it should have been wet. Then my daughter got mad because she couldn't get it to lick again. The dog doesn't even stand up like it appears to be doing on the box.. it just lays there. If you are buying this, be prepared to be paying for a highly priced stuffed animal because that is all it amounts to. I can't believe a manufacturer would put some thing like this out there so that kids can be disappointed on Christmas morning... this product should have just plainly been recalled", 1.0
"Just like a big chunk of us right now, I'm quite the sudoku addict. I just can't put those little puzzles down! So, I have to tell you first, if you haven't worked sudoku puzzles yet, you are really missing out! Get your hands on some!", 1.0
"Naturally, I was excited to try out a sudoku game and race against my friends to solve the puzzles. But what a disappointment! One small board, several people straining to see it, everyone racing to fill in the puzzle...it just doesn't work.", 1.0
"The way they designed this game was to have a board, which is the puzzle to be solved, and number tiles that you distribute evenly amongst the players. Everyone rushes to fill in the puzzle, and the person who uses all their number tiles first is the winner, assuming the puzzle is solved correctly.", 1.0
"First of all, if you have more than 2 people playing, the players aren't all going to be able to see the board well. Some people are going to have the board upside-down trying to solve it. That's rough! Talk about getting confused between 6s and 9s! Plus, everyone's hands are in the way while they're laying their tiles, which makes it really hard to see and concentrate on the puzzle.", 1.0
"Next, inevitably in the games I've played someone lays a tile wrong. Then the whole game is thrown off. The instructions say that if someone rids themselves of their tiles but placed them incorrectly, then the next person to finish would win provided all their tiles are correct. Most likely, if one person has made an error, that will have caused a chain reaction and the next person's tiles will also be placed wrong, and not necessarily by fault of either of the players. It could have been anyone who started the chain reaction.", 2.0
"The format just doesn't work for this game. My advice is to pass on this particular game. Perhaps a game where people were racing side-by-side on the same puzzle, but with their own puzzle, would work better", 2.0
"We bought this for our snowboarding 11-year-old son. Being used to Playstation and Gamecube, he wasn't impressed with the graphics and control of the characters is very clunky. It's a cool concept-- but it needs more time in development", 1.0
"My 3 year old got this for a Christmas gift, and I thought it to be a great idea, since he loves Elmo and bathtime.  WRONG...  the darn crayons stained my bathtub!!  I had to scrub my tub for what seemed like forever to get the stains "almost" out.  I threw the crayons away after that.  My son likes the Elmo still, but I wouldn't recommend the crayons, especially in an older-style porcelain bathtub, like ours", 1.0
"I bought this toy last year for me son.  He really did not care for the toy at all, but he LOVES Elmo.  The crayons were way too messy and melted really fast", 1.0
"I'm more or less fine that they changed a murder with an object in a room to who ate the cake at what time with what beverage.  Buying this for kids and all that.  Its not as intuitive or intrinsicly interesting, at least to me, but hopefully it is to kids.  However, they also changed the mechanics of the game from adult Clue, and not in a good way.  The "room" variable for example, drops out.  Its not relevant.  Its who ait the cake at what time with what drink.  It just feels silly to set up the room pieces and move from room to room if the room is irrelevant.", 1.0
"The idea is probably to change the mechanics to make the game simpler.  Well, the problem with that is it was pretty simple in the first place.  And the change sort of makes it more complex in a way.  You need to remember the rooms where you already checked tokens.  Now the sheet does list the rooms, you could use that to check off the rooms where you checked tokens.  But since the rooms are not otherwise relevant, its not intuitive to track the rooms where you checked tokens.", 1.0
"The game is also incredibly cheaply constructed.  For example, the "die" does not have numbers on it, you have to put number stickers on it.  And the board isn't flimsy -- flimsy would be an improvement.", 1.0
"Anyway, not recommended", 2.0
"I bought this for my boyfriend as a present. We both love the TV show and thought the game would be as exciting (without the live crowd, of course). But the game moves slow, no models - only picking case numbers. You can compete against one another, but its not really exciting.", 1.0
"Maybe you should try the board game version - it can't be any worse.", 1.0
"This game is one hot mess.  I bought it for my Mom for Christmas.  We decided to play the 2 player game thinking it would be fun.  Well, the word my Mother used to describe it is "EXCRUCIATING".  This was the slowest and most boring thing I've ever played.  There is at least a 10 second pause between EACH function (choosing a case, opening the case, Howie giving you directions, taking turns, looking at your opened case. . .you name it).  Each time you switch back to the other player, THE SCREEN LITERALLY GOES BLACK!  You only see the suitcase girls in the beginning and the end.  When a case is opened, you only see two arms, breasts and the case!  When it is your turn to pick a case, there is COMPLETE SILENCE as you scroll - and I use the term loosely - up and down to pick a number.  For a "video game" which you assume to move quickly, you'd better set aside at lease an hour to play it.  You will be exhausted when you're through.  We suggest they go back to the drawing board and stop with all the pauses, play some theme music when you are choosing your case, show the girl who opens your case, have the audience clap - ANYTHING!!!!!!!!  If you buy this game, you only have yourself to blame. P.S.  I won $750,000 and didn't even care, I was just glad it was over", 2.0
"Game didn't work, but Amazon was very accomodating with a refund including shipping", 1.0
"My daughter's birthday was to take place the next day.  At 10pm I went to Wal-Mart, and after seeing on the package "over 100 songs, stories, and games", I thought this would be AWESOME!   I bought this toy excited that the doll would actually sing happy birthday the next morning to my 2 year old!", 1.0
"I installed the software on my desktop (XP machine), but the real headache came when I hooked this thing to the computer (and I am a computer guy, so it shouldn't be that hard).  I plugged in the doll with the USB provided cable, and Windows XP loaded the update to the drivers for the USB port.  I clicked "Download to Dora", and the system came up with the "Incorrect Doll" that another reviewer mentioned.  I tried Fisher Price's help files, but it was no help (in fact, it said call their customer svc department).", 2.0
"Following another reviewer's instructions to try this on a new computer, I loaded this software on my laptop.  Hooked the doll in.  Had Windows XP update the USB driver.  Then with great anticipation I clicked "Download to Dora"....and.....and.....I received "INCORRECT DOLL"!", 1.0
"Finally, at 1AM...I gave up.  I took the doll back to Wal-Mart.  She got a nice tri-cycle instead", 1.0
"Remember Spirograph by Kenner you played with as a kid? This thing Hasbro sells under the same name is NOT that toy. It is obviously of cheap quality, parred down to a handful of "gears", and designed so poorly that it doesnt really work! Stick with the original, which means purchase it used on eBay, but do NOT buy Hasbro's Spirograph.", 2.0
"...this is nothing like the Spirograph I grew up playing with.  As everyone else mentioned, the gears are much too thin and slip constantly.  My 6 year old son was completely frustrated after wrestling with the design flaws.  Don't waste your money!", 1.0
"I purchased this for my nephew and my daughter as a present.  I was significantly disappointed.  With this item having the Smithsonian name on it, I expected better construction.  While trying to assemble the item, the plastic cracked on the one.  The tubes and caps were so loose that I was afraid the bugs would get out into my house.  I put silicone around the extremely loose ones.  However, I did not seal everything so the critters could breathe.  For the price, there are other similar items out there with better construction", 2.0
"My daughter has the ethnic version of this doll.  She absolutely loves it.  However, as a parent I notice that the color on the lips are peeling and the doll cheeks has no color to them like the illustration.  I am also very upset that I can not get a replacement for this item.  How do you tell your daughter that Santa Claus can't fix or replace this item?", 1.0
"What A waste of monee. I do not think this is a nice gift for anyone. Boo.", 1.0
"THE EN", 2.0
"I bought this dollhouse for my daughter's 3rd birthday.  Within the first week I had to glue at least 3 pieces of furniture back together.  Over the past year I've repaired numerous pieces and the house cannot be moved without the back and roof coming off.  (It is now taped together). For $150 and with all of it's "awards" I expected much better quality.  I think ALEX needs to stop selling this house and redesign it", 2.0
"Very cheaply made.MY children broke it after only four months.The back wall broke off along with the top roof.The furniture also broke.The people's hair came off.This house was a big mistake.I wish I had purchased a different one.This house is very cute,but not sturdy enough for preschoolers", 2.0
"This says it is a wooden dollhouse but is not worth the money - is cheesy looking and cheaply made", 2.0
"I should have bought my girls ipods.", 1.0
"Yes, these mini-muddles are cute in that they fit into little girl purses and pockets, but that's where the novelty ends.", 2.0
"First, it is NOT abundantly obvious to children how to work the controls to get where they want to be.  These are kids for crimy sakes!  They needs to have controls that are clear and easy.  My youngest has no idea how to get to a particular song because the buttons never do what she THINKS they should do (That's a big hint to Hasbro...don't design a product from an adults point of view.  Design it for a child from their point of view.  A button having multiple functions is very confusing for kids).  So I end up having to constantly mash those itty-bitty buttons until I can figure out where the song is for her.", 1.0
"Second, the process of getting music from point A to point B (point B being the mini-black-hole) is NOT a quick and easy process.  Copy here, burn there, transfer to this spot, drag/drop to who knows where.  Oy vey.  And THEN you discover the music isn't in the correct format so you have to start all over again.", 1.0
"As for the 128 worth of space...128 is a piddly amount of space but it is clearly advertised on the packaging that this is the amount you're going to get.  No surprises there.  Now if I could only get the darn music into the player without giving up and chuckin' it to the dog to play with.", 1.0
"An ipod might be expensive, but Apple certainly doesn't cause this consumer the grief and frustration that Hasbro has", 2.0
"My 10 year old received the Massively Mini Media Player for Christmas and she and I both are very disappointed in it. There is simply not enough memory and this product does not seem to be compatible with our Napster files (at least not readily. perhaps I could burn them to cd then rip them back to my computer and THEN transfer them to the mini media player but I have not tried that yet.)  Folks, 128MB is a joke even for a young child. There are much better players out there in the same price range. I own the Sansa e250 which is a solid little mp3 player and I am seriously considering buying the same model for her as well", 2.0
"I purchased this for my 8 year old for Christmas and thought I would be able to store more than just a few songs, but the memory capacity is actually only 109M and will actually only hold about 8-10 songs, no where near the 2 hours promised.  I would not recommend this purhcase to any child", 1.0
"This looked to be a very cool item but what we thought was a miniature picture of the item turned out to be the item itself.  How they expect you to enjoy a movie on a screen the size of a thumbnail is beyond me.  Fun idea to be able to carry this in your pocket but not worth it", 1.0
"I bought this toy for my son for Christmas.  I thought he would enjoy the toy because he already likes to place balls and other items into baskets and he likes rattles.  Unfortunately the toy ended up being a disappointment because it is SO LOUD!  It scares him everytime I turn it on and there is no way to control the volume.  I know lots of kid toys are loud, but I have never heard one as loud as this one.", 1.0
"My four year old picked this toy out with a gift certificate given to him by his grandmother.  He already had pirate sets made by Playmobil, but this looked like an interesting addition to the sets.  Well, set up took nearly an hour for his very mechanically able father, and almost as soon as he began to play with it, pieces fell apart.  NOTE:  he is NOT a careless child, nor is he rough with toys.  But this toy doesn't stand up to even the most basic four year old play.", 1.0
"After he had had it up without playing with it for six months, we finally just boxed it.  We found all the parts and sold it for five dollars at a garage sale.  I just hope those people don't come back to reclaim their money.  Save yourself the pain and frustration and buy Playmobil's Pirate Lagoon -- this is just a cheap knockoff", 2.0
"This toy was a huge disappointment for me. My boys took one look at it and threw it. I thought it was much bigger than what it is. I was also upset that I spent as much as I did and it wasn't even a decent size. My boys are moving to a car themed room and it just wasn't what I envisioned. It also only says one thing which can be quite boring for small children", 1.0
"I don't know why this is, but when I put on the Dale Sr. shell for this car it started to understeer on left turns and would always crash into walls", 1.0
"This car pictured could be a BASE or First Version defintely not worth 299.00 These are going for 100.00 and less on the web.", 2.0
" If you havent noticed the differences in the packaging it wouldnt suprise me. Lots of people dont notice. Heres the differences below...", 1.0
"On these 5 cars there is TWO versions of each driver(5 different drivers) that were made. First versions or BASE version and Second versions or "Added Features" Version.", 2.0
"The FIRST versions have NO "added features" stickers and you CANNOT race ANY TWO (or more) cars of the 5 different drivers' cars at the same time! Dale Sr. and Dale Jr.,  Jeff Gordon, Jimmie Johnson and Tony Stewart cars of the FIRST versions (no added features) CANNOT race together! Transmitter frequencys cannot be changed. Speed and steering are straight function. (no varilable anything) They either turn right FULL turn or left FULL turn or it goes straight. Speed is either it goes FULL ON or it doesnt. Same for reverse gear.", 1.0
" Again, each of the 5 different drivers' cars made are two different versions of the same car one has more features than the other.", 1.0
"UPDATED or "ADDED FEATURES" versions have "ADDED FEATURES" stickers.", 1.0
" Those "Added Features" are...", 2.0
"Digital proportional steering (variable steering), which means you can turn the transmitter wheel slightly and the car turns a little. Turn the transmitter wheel alot and the car turns alot.", 2.0
"Variable speed control  this means you pull back on the trigger a little the car moves a little, pull back on the trigger all the way and the car takes off! This also works for reverse gears as well", 2.0
"Now if this isnt cool enough...", 2.0
"Each "Added Features" car has  DIFFERENT Frequencies for different drivers' car.  The transmitters for the cars are different as well. "ADDED FEATURES" version transmitter has two "trim" adjustments on the back of the remote as well as the Frequency Chip on the side of the remote than can be changed, and can also be changed on the chassis of the car. So if you own 2 of the Tony Stewart cars, you would have to have a Frequency pack to race them at the same time. Now, two or more different drivers' cars can race together (or Five people can race 5 different cars). NO TWO ALIKE CARS can race together UNLESS you have the "frequency of another car and transmitter"  to change it, or a "Frequency Pack" from Team Up Inc.", 1.0
"ALL 5 Frequency Chips DO NOT come with the car in the box, off the shelf. This "Frequency pack" is sold seperately!", 1.0
"You can also purchase tires, suspension parts and body hold down clips, fully painted and ready to use new spare OR other drivers' teams bodies, extra rechargeable battery packs seperately!", 2.0
" I have done lots of research on these cars and should you have any questions please ask...nascarnbroncosfans@msn.co", 1.0
"I am an active 48 year old and I own a Vurtego Pro Pogo stick. I ride motocross and I mountain bike regulary and I like the exercise and fun factor it offers. I chose the Vurtego Pro after doing some online research and I am totally pleased with the performance. The guys who designed and developed the Vurtego Pro and Fit sticks were looking for a way to offer a more affordable model for beginers and people looking for a fun but still high quality stick. The Power model came up short of their extpectations and they pulled thier endorsement due to quality and safety concerns.  For the money the Power Pogo is a fairly decent pogo stick but its not going to stand up to the abuse and demands of an expert or extreme pogo stick rider. It takes allot of effort and experience to go 6' or higher on any pogo stick. I am pretty good at mine, after about a month of use I am getting up in the 3' range and bouncing 500 plus consecutive times in a session before taking a break and going for another session or two, a great workout! I have pogo stick experience and can pull off most of the basic tricks, I consider myself a beginner to intermediate at the most. I doubt that I will ever reach the six foot level at my age, but that was never my goal. I know that the people at Vurtego are still working to develope a model that will be safe and affordable for those looking for a capeable, high quality and durable stick. If your looking to go 6' and pull off serious stunts I would buy the orignal Vurtego Pro or the Fit model for a great workout. If you are looking for a little less I would wait for the next version that the  Vurtego people will offer and endorse. I personally would avoid this one.", 2.0
"IT sucked because I couldnt figure out the screen it is really big so you cant relly hide it any where and you cant drop it because it will break really easily Trust ME I KNO", 1.0
"I bought two of these as Christas gifts.  One for my son and one for my nephew.  My kids have played with it a few times now and my wife and I are looking for an oppourunity to pitch the whole mess in the trash.  Not only does this stuff look like sand, but it gets into EVERYTHING just like real sand.  The play mat they include in this kit doesnt come close to containing the mess.  On top of all that the stuff deosnt clump together all that well.  All and all I would reccomend this product only for childeren over 8yrs and then only for outside play unless you really enjoy cleaning up.", 1.0
"We were really excited about this item, but have been very disappointed.  We followed the directions EXACTLY, even putting the planted terrarium in the refrigerator for 8 weeks (which was frustrating AND a pain in the neck) -- and still we have nothing growing -- after weeks and weeks of waiting!  Rotten thing to do to a kid!", 1.0
"The plastic dome is of decent quality, and we got living carnivorous plants from an online seller -- worked out much better.  This is a TOTAL waste of time and money, unfortunately", 1.0
"Growing CPs from seed is not easy!  And growing CPs in a terrarium is even harder (they need full sun, wet soil, and a special soil mix).  They grow native from Texas through the Carolinas and do not need the tropical environment of a terrarium where fungus will attack and kill.  This terrarium set up is doomed to failure.  CPs are actually very easy to grow outdoors with a little proper instruction.  Obtain your plants or seeds (takes years to get a decent plant via seeds) from a reputable online nursery (I have bought several excellent plants from Sarracenia Northwest) and then search the web for proper growing instructions.  Skip this item and the goofy terrarium domes at Walmart.", 1.0
"I would give this kit zero stars if I could. The instructions say that it takes 6-8 weeks for the seeds to sprout. I kept them in moist peat and warm temperatures for over three months after the recommended period of refrigeration.  Not a single seed sprouted. I finally had to throw out the whole kit when mold took over. Complete waste of time and money.", 2.0
"But if you're feeling lucky, you should know that most of the seeds in this kit aren't much bigger than pinheads, and they all come packaged together in the same tiny plastic bag. So if you want to have each type of plant growing in a different section of the plastic tray provided in the kit - like that shown on the box cover - you need to separate out each seed under a strong magnifying glass.  And even then you won't be successful, as most of these seeds look just like ground pepper.  I accidentally spilled a few on the floor, and after sweeping them all up I literally couldn't tell them from the other debris in the dustpan.", 1.0
"By the way, it takes a minimum of 6-8 years living in ideal growing conditions for any of the plants in this kit to reach the sizes shown on the box cover. These are NOT plants that can simply be put on a windowsill. They need an environment that is not easily provided in the average home - LOTS of very bright light (about 15 hours a day), LOTS of humidity, an acidic growth medium (such as sphagnum moss), and about 80 degrees. And even then, these are VERY slow-growing plants.", 2.0
"To keep the humidity level high, you'll need some kind of terrarium, preferably covered to keep the humidity level high. But if you use incandescent bulbs to provide the necessary level of light, the amount of heat they produce can easily raise the temperature to lethal levels. For this reason I recommend a combination of fluorescent bulbs and a moist/dry heating pad at the bottom. Be sure that whatever heating pad you use isn't the type that shuts off automatically after one hour of use.", 1.0
"Some warnings...", 1.0
"These plants flourish only in a very limited range of environments and nourishment.  The care you would normally give a houseplant will - in all likelihood - kill these plants:", 1.0
"   NEVER feed them animal protein (like hamburger). The fats in meat aren't digestible and can kill them.", 1.0
"   NEVER use tap water to water them. The mineral build-up can kill them so use distilled water only.", 1.0
"   NEVER feed them insects that have been killed by insecticides, like RAID. Carnivorous plants should be fed soft-bodies insects like small slugs, ants, termites, etc., rather than hard-shelled insects such as beetles. Well-stocked pet stores will carry dried mealworms, but even these will need to be cut into very small pieces. Just as a baby needs tiny mouthfuls of food, so too do Venus flytraps.", 1.0
"   NEVER fertilize them. These are very slow-growing plants and any attempt to force them to grow will kill them.", 2.0
"Unless you buy the multi arcade machines with all the major games including Mr. Do and do it right- the classic collections on PlayStation II are the best.  Unfortunately for plug and play some of the versions are jerked to very difficult levels and not as fun to play.  The monsters in the Pac-Man games are almost always on kill including following you  in the tunnel a lot of the time.  The problems listed with the joystick seem to be accurate.  Galaga was better and Mappy was a lot of fun to play- the most underated classic in arcade history.  But again it's better to get the collections for Playstation II", 1.0
"The doll is a great gift for little girls who love dolls.My 6 year old loved the doll.I do not like the way allysens hair sheds when you comb it.When allysen asked when is your birthday? My daughter had to keep repeating herself,when allysen asked what is your name the same thing happened.so my daughter got stuck with Happy New Year as her birthday and sweetie as her name,when you ask Allysen to read her book she asked for a smoothie,She is also very loud,my daughter slept with allysen and carried her around everywhere she went.When allysens batteries died she went back in the box", 1.0
"I have my own business so I decided to give back to community by assisting with Christmas for the unfortunate.  I purchased 7 Amazing Allysen dolls and a plethora of other stuff for the less fortunate.  None of the Allysen dolls work.  I purchased a Amazing Allysen for my little in cousin in Florida also. We tried to make that doll work but it would not.  I went to the local Walmart to purchase another one and it did not work either.  I am totally disappointed with Amazing Allysen.  The kids that I purchased the doll for in Raleigh North Carolina could not find the appropriate things so that I could return the dolls.  I will return the one I purchased for my cousin today because my 30 days are almost up.  This was a horrible experience.  Those kids were expecting to have a super awesome doll, but she did not work.  I felt so bad because it was like I had something to do with it because I purchased so many and none of them worked.  I did have the opportunity to return the doll to Walmart in Florida and purchased an Amanda doll for my little cousin after Christmas.  She really loves Amanda", 1.0
"Another reviewer said that this was a soft doll with no hard parts.  I ordered it thinking it would be perfect for my niece.  What I got was a hard plastic doll with small pieces labeled "Not for Children Under Three."  Needless to say, I was very disappointed.  This would be great for a 4 or 5 year old, but don't expect a soft, cuddly doll for your little one", 1.0
"This does not work for the coler PIXTER.  There is no port to plug it in", 1.0
"I bought it for my son to use with the Original Pixter also. And,I found what it was compatible with, after I realized that it didn't work with the original Pixter. The box I have says down in the bottom right corner (if the back of the box is facing you) of the back of the box in tiny print "compatible with Pixter Plus and Pixter 2.0".  You would think they would put that on the front", 2.0
"The game has a nice concept, IF IT WORKED. I've been trying since christmas(over 3 months) to connect this game to the internet to update it for my kids and finally was able to update the firmware today. Something that you will have to do to be able to get to the virtual worlds,BUT THE WEB SITE IS ALWAYS DOWN!!!!! EXPERANCING TECHNICAL PROBLEMS!!!  and the nice window that pop's up on the home page from the Chief, asking for suggestions goes to a bad link!!!", 1.0
"I only gave it 1 star because the review process doesn't have a 0 stars.", 2.0
"DON'T WASTE ANY MONEY ON THIS THING!!!!", 2.0
"I purchased this for my eight year old niece. We were both disappointed when it broke after only two weeks.  Be prepared to have limited options for fun without downloading it on your computer. The program takes up a lot of memory on your computer's hard drive", 2.0
"I thought this would be fun, but ended up in garbage after 2 days.  Fighters dont stay in place and dont really move well.  Very hard to hit at other playe", 1.0
"Dude this looks cool but plays crappy -pretty cheap plastic, mechanics are lame. You cant really tell when Superman is hit because his head barely leans back. You have to constantly adjust the arm positions of the figures so their reach can strike the head or chest targets -and it seems rigged that Supermans arms are just a little longer to stack the odds for truth, justice and the American way. Again, Cool figures weak cheap playability", 1.0
"After receiving, putting together and using this toy with myself and children, I overestimated what it would be.  I remember the old school Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots, and this product isn't even close.  The old characters stood 6-8" tall and both necks sprung up with metal parts when a blow to the head was delivered.  This version has only plastic parts, the characters are 4" tall at best, and the 'win' is from a blow to the chest, not the head.  Metallo's head springs up, but Superman's head only nods backward.  It is difficult to discern the 'winner' from the set up.  It was only an $11 lesson for me to learn, but if you truly want a real Rock 'em set, try eBay, or yard sales.  This replica is not comparable to the original", 1.0
"My 10 year old son got this for his birthday.  The screws are so deep inside the ball, we finally got so frustrated we just ripped off the foam covering the battery holder to be able to see where to place the screwdriver to get the screws out.  (The ball won't bounce anyway!)  Even then, the screws would not come out!  The lightup goal is great, but the ball is ridiculous.  Use your old nerf balls and then it's okay", 1.0
"I purchased this item as a Christmas gift.  On the day after Christmas, I helped my son assemble this product.  It worked flawlessly for the first day.  The next day, I turned it on to show the boys' grandmother.  Apparently, the steel ball "wheels" under the "riders" don't roll very well after initial use.  The riders would be hoisted to the top, but would fail to slide onto one of the chutes.  If they did make it onto a chute, they would sometimes fail to glide all the way to the bottom, or would fall off the chute.  The failure rate went from 0% when first used to about 90% after the first day.  I've purchased other K'nex items before and never had a problem", 1.0
"My wife and I were not impressed with the Caterpillar Tunnel. The material was flimsy and light weight. The tunnel is small and our children (even our 1-year-old) couldn't crawl through it without making the toy twist and roll over. Since it was not what we expected, we decided to return it and get our money back", 1.0
"I ordered this for my son's up coming 1st birthday party.  I figured he and his little friends can sit in there to play.", 1.0
"I received the package this morning and I was in for a surprise.  First of all, 50% of the balls (it came with 100 balls) were half inflated.  The shell of the balls are so soft, and somehow the air inside was not full enough; thus half of the ball looked crushed.  Then, I thought, " fine, I just go buy another 100 balls to mix them in. no biggie".", 2.0
"Then, I inflated the pit for my son to play in. No more than an hour later, the main part of the pit deflated by almost half and the plug was still securely attached.  So, there must a hole somewhere.  This toy is totally unsalvageable.  I had to make a call to amazon and they have authorized the return of this product for a refund.", 1.0
"This is a very low quality product.  I didn't expect kiddie toy like this will last long, but one hour is too short for me. I don't think I will buy anything from this Ball Toyz company in the future either.  I think their balls are too flimsy.", 2.0
"Teething two molars and a cold with a croup-like cough for over a week made my little toddler ultra-grumpy and zapped his energy.  Poor fella couldn't even play with blocks or a puzzle without falling to pieces with frustration.  I was going to buy 100 balls to put in his baby pool from the summer, but this whole thing on sale was less expensive than a pack of balls.  He shuffles around, rolls the balls down the ramps, and dunks them through the rings for hours.  No mental challenge, no frustration, and it doesn't zap all his energy.  It's made with the same weak plastic a 99 cent beach ball is made out of and overnight the whole thing is visably less inflated--wish it was a little more substantial.  The sides are not sturdy to sit on or to be used to pull-up on.  At 31 inches, he can barely get in and out safely.  The balls are inconsistent--one will be thick and hard and the next is so thin you can squish the sides in a full inch.  We're not trusting it to last a long time under everyday wear and tear.  Our plan is to store it out of the way until the next rainy day, he's sick or worse, if Mommy gets sick!  No need for an air pump.  With two of us huffing and puffing we got it inflated in under 10 minutes.  Take note that some of these ball pits have free shipping--the shipping on this cost more than the sale price", 2.0
"I bought it for my 1 and half son. He likes it. But seveal days after he had it, it broken. I dont know why, just no music. He doesnt like it any more", 1.0
"I recently purchased this item for my daughter who has been wanting to paint.  I thought this would be great because the paint is in the brush and it won't be messy.  Although all this is true, both of us found it very frustrating that it was difficult to get out of the tube.  If this is made for children, shouldn't it be easier to use and should an adult really have trouble with it", 1.0
"While the concept is good, there is no way to securly fasten the blue tubes to the main body, so they keep flying off and need reattaching as each child crawls through at their normal breakneck speeds. I would avoid it to be honest.", 2.0
"The only thing "Deluxe" about this addition is the glossy foil cover of the box, which is designed to make you think you are getting something special by paying more money.", 1.0
"Nothing could be further from the truth. This edition screams "CHEAP" from the second the lid comes off.", 1.0
"Let's go thru the hype above and set the record straight on all the "Deluxe" features:", 1.0
"The board is a quad-fold affair, redesigned presumably to allow a smaller, less expensive box. It has much less rigidity than the single-fold board of the "classic" version. When it is left out for an extended period of time, especially overnite, the ends of the board curl up and refuses to lay flat.", 1.0
"The houses and hotels are completely featureless, just small blocks of wood. They looked to be dipped in some type of vegetable dye rather than painted. This is probably an attempt to eek out a few extra cents of corporate profit.", 1.0
"The "bankers tray" and "property wheel" are flimsy plastic jokes. Neither would last under play by children much more than a few games.", 2.0
"This edition is a sad legacy to a great game, and the cheapness of the set detracts from the joy of play. For the additional cost, all you are really getting is the fancy foil cover and one extra play token, plus a board that curls up at the edges: Whoopee!", 2.0
"My advice: Save the extra money and buy the "classic" version.", 2.0
"Rainbow fish has colorful shiny scales.  He is shamed into giving them to everyone.  Sounds like a communist primer", 1.0
"I thought the art had a certain charm, and used strictly as a picture book for children who can't yet read, I think it's quite nice.  (Too bad you can't make up your own story to go with it.)  The moment the child starts to read, though--better hide it quick, because...", 1.0
"Unfortunately, the book reads like a condensed Communist Manifesto for kids (as others have noted), or a Socialist agenda primer.  I don't know for sure that's what Marcus Pfister had as an aim, and I'm not going to speculate on his politics.  He has three kids and may raise them as he likes, and indulge in any such philosophical musings as float his boat.", 1.0
"Yes, I suppose sharing is nice.  Certainly sharing one's talents and abilities for the betterment of others is a great thing--but in America, we get paid for that (charity is voluntary, not coerced).  Furthermore, stripping yourself of what makes you unique and interesting (not necessarily BETTER, just unique and interesting), or giving away all your possessions, is a lousy way to make and keep friends, isn't it?  Is this book implying that somehow friendship can only be obtained by placating envy (a negative personal quality that should be dealt with by self-examination and intent to change, not pandering)?  Is it saying that being interesting and having unique qualities is bad?", 2.0
"Almost seems like it, at least to me.  Furthermore, there's an overtone of "only by belonging to a group can you have self-worth," which is as hoary a case of balderdash as ever I've seen.  Of course, people who agree with that egregious sentiment will disagree with me, but that won't make them right.", 2.0
"(The two stars, if you must know, are for the art.", 1.0
"My 3 boys (ages 4, 7 and 9) love their lightsabers so the idea of a spring activated version was too hard to pass up.  Imagine the disappointment when the fragile spring/force action is only good for about 3 tries and then it falls apart with no way to get inside and fix it.  We have 3 of them (Darth Vader, Obi-wan and Luke Skywalker). Vader was done before 9am Christmas morning. The other two are hanging on by a thread and now the boys have to be "very gentle" when they load the saber. The worst part is that the light up feature is tied to the spring so it does nothing now.  These are not rough kids and it's just a matter of time before the other springs get jammed.  Stick with the original light up sabers and forget the force action.", 2.0
"Bought this for my 3 year old daughter who really uses it a lot daily.  The level of edutainment is excellent for her age and she learns a lot from it.  My only sore point with it is the lack of strength of the perforated part of the pages (for the spiral binding).  The pages tend to be separated there so I think it will be a good idea to strenghten the perforated part of the book or to use some other form of binding that will not decrease the overall strength", 1.0
"I was very disappointed with the quality of this product.  I had to request a second kit because the scented oils bottles were empty in the first kit.  The second kit also had the same problem.  Both kits had to be  returned. It is difficult to determine how fun this kit would be when it is  missing items within the kit", 1.0
"My sone received this as a gift and was very excited about it at first, but as another reviewer mentioned, it quickly becomes frustrating if you don't follow the directions EXACTLY. After a few minutes he gave up and moved on.", 2.0
"I finally donated it to charity with my son's blessing - and this is a kid who saves everything", 1.0
"My 11 yr old thought this was amazing but the maneuver wheels on the bottom will only run over hard surfaces and not carpet which was OK with us.  He did, however, run it over carpet and the traction wheel rubber pully snapped.  The legs are also quite fragile and after only 2 days of play, one of the legs broke.  Because of that, the spider cannot "walk" now! Too bad because its looks great.  We are going to send it back.", 1.0
"Man this game sucks.  I LOVE SNL, but the questions here are SO trivial.  I was looking forward to getting this for Christmas and was very excited when I opened it.  It all went downhill from there.  I think the pieces are a good idea, but they're ugly.  The DVD clues are dumb and ineffective.  I was playing with my dad (who is legally blind).  He couldn't read the questions on the tv.  I think it would have been better if the dvd was narrated.  Overall, the game sucked, the questions were silly and it wasn't fun at all!  As an aside, I noticed that there are no African Americans on the box or the board.  One could argue that Eddie Murphy or Chris Rock were more successful SNL stars than, say, Cheri Oteri.  Whatever.  Game sucks.  Costs too much.  Stay away", 2.0
"I couldn't wait to play this game.  I've been a fan of SNL for over 20 years. I was sooooo disappointed with this game.  The questions are horrible!  They are difficult to read and undestand.  The only good thing about the game is the fact that the game pieces are cool.  Otherwise, save your money.  It's not worth the $$$$.  BOOO Hisssss to the creators of this game!  You ripped off your biggest fans!!!", 2.0
"In order to answer the questions in this edition of Trivial Pursuit you would need an encyclopedic knowledge of the minutae of SNL.  Most of the questions were beyond the ability of my family, who have watched SNL since it began, and who quote it frequently.  I was very disappointed in this game.", 1.0
"We purchased this for our 3 year old daughter who loves the Disney princesses.  Even though we purchased it as a "play" bed we soon realized the poor design with the unsecured sides could be a hazard for any child.  We immediately returned the item and warned the store clerk on how dangerous the bed could be.   It's not worth the risk of suffocation for an air bed that probably wouldn't last long anyway.  I recommend you look else where for your child's princess dreams", 2.0
"I ordered 200 hundred of these and half of them were squashed by the time I received the shipment and you can't get the shape back. If you want good quality balls spend your money on the Playhut version.", 1.0
"These balls did not retain there "round" shape from the minute my 2 1/2 year old daughter played with them. The balls have that "smashed in" appearance and you cannot get them back to the original shape.  I purchased these balls to add to the ball playland made by the Moose Mountain Toymakers, Ltd that I purchased for my daughter for Christmas. The balls that were included with the ball playland have retained their shape, unlike the balls I purchased separately", 1.0
"Compared with the sound sensation blocks I bought together to my 3-month babies, This product is almost ignored by them.", 1.0
"Very disappointed with the quality.  Took 2 hours to put together then disintegrated as I was carrying it from the shop to the christmas tree.  I was not happy having to put it back together early Christmas morning.  Be prepared to use extra tape, glue, nails and screws to hold the contraption together.  The stairway is a joke and I threw it away as it is only held in with two 3/4" pegs.  We'll see if it survives Christmas Day.", 1.0
"Without my husband being handy, this would have been in the trash on Dec 26th.  Took almost 2 hours to assembly with these small wooden pegs that barely held the unit together.  It fell apart when my daughter was playing with it on Christmas Day and so my husband improvised with stronger screws to hold it together.   Though she loves playing with it - we need to find out where we can purchase the furniture that the picture shows??", 1.0
"My daughter had her Tamagotchi V4 for about a day when the screen didn't work anymore.  At first we thought it was the batteries but once we changed them I knew that wasn't the problem.  It would beep and make noise but you couldn't see anything in the screen", 1.0
"This deck stunk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 2.0
"That is of course....if you didn't find the combos.", 1.0
"I have won tons of tournaments with my Exodia deck.Once I entered a tournament with this.I found alot of combos.", 2.0
"I deafeted two guys with it.I'm not using it again.", 2.0
"It was pretty good. But hey, that's a starter deck for you.", 1.0
"this is really the dumbest thing ive ever seen. YU Gi Oh is such a rip off. get something good.", 1.0
"* Anime Princess Chick * - age 1", 2.0
"Not the best toy I own.  I wanted to send it back after a week because the letter C wouldn't say it's name.  After a while it started working, but then D stopped.  According to the online demo the balls will say their colors when dropped in the chute.  Mine never have done this.", 2.0
"My son likes this product and uses it.  As a parent I am disappointed in the quality", 1.0
"I had searched high and low via the internet trying to find the perfect baby doll pram.  Good quality material, well made and if possible fold away storage ability.  When I found the Corolle Pram /Carriage I thought I found it plus the added bonus of a adjustable handle so no matter how tall my grand daughter was she could push her babies.  But when it arrived I was not thrilled.  What looked good on paper was not so in life.  True it folds away to store in a closet no problem.  But this ability is to easy and I fear the child will pinch her fingers.  All that keeps the stroller in an up right position in 2 lame flip over metal rings.  Now with the wonderful way a simple umbrella stroller for a real baby folds way, why wasn't this technology used on this product.  Sure an adult would have to fold it up, but I would feel better if that was the case then a 4 year old maybe getting broken fingers.  Also the cute canopy.  It does not stay on if you even move it to open a tiny bit.  I spent $113.00 on this item thinking I was getting a well put together item that would last years for my grand daughter.  Only way that will happen is if I can weld parts together and forget about ever wanting to store it.", 2.0
"I did not buy this from Amazon only cause I wanted it right away and so bought it from another shop.  But I knew Amazon would have this forum and wanted to make sure others did not waste their money on this product.  Go with the other one for $33 at least maybe it will stay together.  Now I have to hope I can return this thing to where I bought it.  But I think Corolle should either rethink this items design or just pull it from the stores.  It's not what a good parent would want for their child.  Thanks & I hoped this helped", 1.0
"This game was not engaging.  My son did not find it interesting.  He has not asked to play with it again.  You push the dice around to match letters on the cards or to spell the words yourself.", 2.0
"If you want to have a fun game with more of a challenge and an element of chance, try What's GNU.  It is much better for beginning readers and it actually fun for older kids or adults.", 2.0
"My nephew was very excited when he saw the box and the picture.  Unfortunately, the inflatable suit is not really inflatable.  It requires constant air to keep it poofy looking.  It is basically a costume that has elastic bands around the neck and wrists and requires a blower (battery operated) to blow airs in to keep it looking inflated.  The battery is heavy and will not stay put on the two inch diameter hole on the back side of the thin vinyl suit.  Everytime he moves, it pops out.  The fan is noisy so he ran around in the clingy, deflated suit for a few minutes and begged to be let out of it as the elastic bands were restricting him.  He loves superman and loves having a cape.  He opted for a regular white towel over the thin red vinyl cape the costume came with.", 2.0
"I suppose we got what we paid for.  Cheap prices doesn't equate to quality.  I felt like my nephew got only a couple of minutes out of this toy.  Would not recommend it to anyone else... Unfortunately..", 2.0
"The fan would not inflate the item....we ended up putting tissue paper in it to look like it had muscles...not good at all...a great disappointment", 1.0
"Dont waste your money on this one. the picture is cute. but the quailty of the toy isnt any good. the frosting doesnt even stay in the hole and the box is flimsy it would never last with a child. the concept is supposed to be like the game memory,your supposed to turn over the donuts and match the ones with the same frosting. your better off just buying the real memory game. the only thing this is good for is the pretend food concept and even with that it isnt worth this price.", 2.0
"The description didn't say that the board game was sold separately. I assumed a "Game pack" had all the necessary materials. It should hae said Expansion Pack. It didn't, so I had to go buy the original game. It shouldn't be called WB 50th Anniversary, it should be called "Scene It - Friends version." We played one full round with 2 teams and literally HALF of the questions had to do with the Friends tv show. All in all, I was VERY disappointed with this product.", 1.0
"First of all, please realize that the customer pictures of this item are totally off.  This thing is a foot cube, so there's no way you could fit any baby outside of a newborn inside of it.", 1.0
"That being said, when the cube first showed up, it seemed ok outside of the size, and my 2 1/2yr old son and 9-month old daughter seemed to enjoy it.  That is, until my son realized that the wires on top were bent in such a way that there was no way for the Elmo block to move at all.  Shoddy at best.  We've had this cube for a total of 3 days now, and already at least 4 stickers are off of it, due to not being placed center on the piece they were on, or just low-quality stickers.  My children still play with the cube, as currently it provides no real safety hazard, but the price I paid for this cube was entirely too much considering the low quality.", 2.0
"Have this unit in out house, we have the one with one base unit and two mobile units.", 1.0
"A few things to note. The ones we had do not offer rechargeable batteries. It uses alkaline only, or if you have your own charger you could use rechargeable but would be nicer if it recharged while plugged in.", 1.0
"We live in NYC, Queens to be exact. We hear taxi cab radio chatter over this at times, especially at night. Also if unit is close to base unit static is not too bad but still annoying in bedroom, BUT if you have it one floor away, forget it. Unless child is screaming all you hear is static. on both units.", 2.0
"Only has two channels A & B which are set manually at both base and hand held units. So if you have a bad signal in middle of night, you have to go into child's room and change channel. Just don't wake the baby! Ouch!", 2.0
"Also missing a pager and a "walkie talkie" feature. They would be very nice. Not a deal breaker if they don't have it BUT it can be handy especially if your two floors up with baby with a full diaper and Spouse is in basement and you need more diapers from Garage.", 1.0
"I am about to have a second child, and I am replacing this unit with a better one, I am looking at one of the new digital units that have the noise/static reduction. Consumer Reports gave some of them their top marks. They are however way more pricey than these, some are near $200 and only one receiver. But they all have charging bases and most importantly they are static free with AUTO channel switching", 1.0
"It has a lot of background noise so you have to set it high to hear the baby", 2.0
"Very disappointed, this item never got shipped to me, we waited close to 2 months to find out it wasn't coming", 1.0
"Good luck getting this bed! I ordered it 5 months ago (with availability being 2-4 weeks. Each month I was told it will available "next month." I finally cancelled my order and purchased the Little Tykes one before my frustrated 3 yr. old outgrows a toddler bed.", 2.0
"Kidkraft needs to focus more on actually manufacturing their products and less on marketing for orders they are unable to fulfill", 1.0
"The bed looks very nice.. [...] when you have a toddler who is starting to climb out of their crib..This probably won't make it in the reviews but I'm writing it anyway", 1.0
"This game is a clever combination of UNO and Rummykub. Very entertaining and can be played with kids as well as adults. It allows me to add my own special "rules" to make it more interesting. If you like cards, you'll love this game", 1.0
""Phase 10" is little more than an Uno knockoff--even sharing some of the same "special" cards: "Skip" and "Wild". Then, there are the so-called "phases", which can ultimately be frustrating for both young players, and new players. Example:", 2.0
"Phase 3 is a set of 4 cards (4 of the same number) and a run of 4 cards (a straight). You may have the following cards: (g=green, r=red, b=blue, o=orange) 2g, 3r, 4r, 6o, 6g, 9b, 11b, 11r, 12b, wild. Ultimaely, the player before you draws a "wild" card, and completes their phase. You, however get stuck with 85 points.", 1.0
"With all the flaws, the game can still be competitive and fun.  If you want something educational though, buy a Leappad", 2.0
"I bought this toy for my son (the boy's version) for his 2nd birthday.  It was fun for a few days...until he went head over heels on a very small slope in our yard.  The toy landed on top of him, with his neck rolled and pinned under the toy.  He was so terrified of it after that, he refused to get back on.  It has been stored in our basement and will be sold at the next yard sale.  Save your money - this toy is too tipsey for toddlers and way too fast for them to control the steering", 1.0
"Don't get me wrong...the concept of this toy if fantastic...and when it works it is wonderful....however, it sucks up so many batteries it is not even funny! It requres 4 C batteries and we replace them at LEAST every 3 weeks! Not only that but there is something wrong with the toy that makes it stick in the "on" position even after you turn it off (very loud and sqeaky". V-Tech knows of this problem but tell you when you call to "take the batteries our and turn it off and on 20 times to reset it". Well, that will work a few times but then the toy is totally broken. AND...their idea is for you to send it to them and they will take 2 weesk to send you a replacement....hmm....is this not a toy marketed to help children sleep...so we OBVIOUSLY need it at bedtime! I offered to apy them up front for a new one and they could reimburse me but they would not bend. Needless to say I am QUITE frustrated with V-tech!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If they know it is a problem they should tell you that on the FIRST call so something can be done about it!!!", 1.0
"Another creepy side note....the thing says "I love you" in some strange voice to your child......SCARY!", 2.0
"V-Tech has a great idea here and it is the best toy of its type...however, it doesn't work....looks like they came out with the technology a bit too soon!", 2.0
"BTW...I rated Durability as a 1 and Amazon has it showing as 3 stars...hmmmm!", 1.0
"Bought this for my 6 month grandson.  Worked about 1 week & then quit. Have changed batteries but still doesn't work.  Guess it was too good to be true!  Spend your money on another crib toy", 1.0
"Complete waste of money!  I bought this for my 5yr old daugther and there is no way possible for her to program it!  After several frustrating attempts we finally get it programed.  Now the darn thing does not respond to her answers.  Even when I clearly repeat the answer in her ear she does not seem to register.  Complete waste of Money!!!!  Would not recommend to anyone!  Save your money and play with a rock, much more fun", 2.0
"I hate this doll!  She is difficult to program, eats batteries and the tags which must be plugged into her body do not like to stay attached.  Within a week her hair was a matted mess, it took me an hour to brush out the tangles and is now braided.  I would not recommend this doll to anyone.  With all the frustration this doll has caused I would love to turn it into a shooting target", 1.0
"My daughter wanted a Sewing Machine for her 8th Birthday. I thought it would be a good introduction to sewing instead of using my adult machine, but it was a mistake because the Singer Lockstitch Sewing Machine only worked once, when we first tried and this was it. I tried to work on it but it is so cheaply made that no wonder it doesn't work more than once. Unfortunatelly by the time we realize, I could not return it, because the box was in the garbagge.", 1.0
"It is just a big waste of money. Don't buy it", 1.0
"I am a seamstress who knows how to sew, and how to thread both top and bobbin threads.  My daughter received this machine for Christmas.  We threaded it according to directions.  It sews about 10 stitches then jams.  I observe that the bobbin design is such that the bobbin wobbles within the casing, and leads to a jam every time.  Don't disappoint a child by purchasing this", 1.0
"some of these reviews are amazing, seems rather professional to me in most cases.", 2.0
"these are just brine shrimp people, feeder shrimp for most fish.", 2.0
"you want to learn how to keep a pet buy one, you want to learn how to grow food for it to feed off of then this is the starter kit.", 2.0
"it's not a pet it's a food.", 1.0
"The Pixel Chix 2 Story House was suppose to intertwine with other Pixel Chix products - I had bought my granddaughter the car that you were suppose to hook up to the house so that the person could come out of the house and get into the car and vise versa - did not work - returned this item", 2.0
"My son loved the idea of this toy and was so excited to receive it as a birthday gift.  However one club broke almost immediately and the other broke shortly after that.  It is poor quality and construction.  Don't use it unless your kids are the gentle kind.  Most kids would break this the first time.  [...", 2.0
"I think that this is a great idea and a very cute plush, but I immediately encountered some problems with the toy that I think are worth mentioning.  First, the battery box is very poorly designed.  Once you have opened the velcro cavity in the dog's tummy, it's nearly impossible to keep it closed again.  The dog's hairs get caught in the velcro and the battery box is too big so the cavity keeps busting open.  Now, if I handle the toy, the box keeps falling out!", 2.0
"My second comment is that the sound effects are pretty bad.  The sounds quality is poor and it doesn't always sound like a dog", 2.0
"My son received this as a Christmas gift. He and his brother and Dad were excited...got all set up to build it...and got nothing but frustration! These are really mechanically minded guys too. Very disappointing. I was especially surprised because of the Smithsonian name on it -- you'd think they would test this stuff before allowing their name on it. My guys never got as far as the reviewer who eventually got it assembled. The screws stripped and we didn't have the appropriate glue to even attempt a rescue. It simply would not assemble the way it was advertised. I am calling Amazon tomorrow about a refund.", 2.0
"This is a very mediocre Knights Kingdom set.  There's not much of interest going on here, and the small castle suffers from lazy design.", 2.0
"The colorful Knights Of Morcia are back, once again fighting against Vladek, the black knight.  Two of the good knights make an appearance here (blue and purple), and we also get Vladek, a dark soldier, and a skeleton.  The minifigs are as charismatic as ever, each sporting his own unique expression.  Vladek and his henchman have that cute "I'm evil" Lego frown.  Our knights are outfitted with the usual accessories.  Swords and shields, and a black hatchet for the henchman.", 2.0
"The scene is a small mountainside castle that is home to a large scorpion monster.  The creature is constructed from a mixture of regular and Technic parts, and he has hinged pieces for an articulated tail and pincers.  The blue knight is accompanied by his horse, who has a cute mini-catapult strapped to his side.", 2.0
"The scorpion can fit into his den at the base of the castle, which has a front gate that can be raised and lowered.  High atop the tower is a mini-catapult and a thin boom crane with a small barred jail cell dangling precariously from it.  The rest of the castle is just walls, floors, and a staircase.  This castle is very fragile.  Mine fell apart several times while I was working on building it.  On the whole, the design just isn't all that great.  Handle with care, and play with care.  Colors are mostly black, dark gray, dark red, and brown.  This set has one of those nice walls with the barred window, and some signature Knights Kingdom battlement pieces.", 2.0
"This set works as an addition to Vladek's Dark Fortress.  On its own, it's stunningly less impressive.  The good news is that a savvy Lego Maniac can take the castle parts and build a better castle with them.", 1.0
"My verdict:  one thumb up for the scorpion monster (who can be added to your other Knights Kingdom adventures), one thumb down for the rest.  Could've been better.  My advice is to get Vladek's Dark Fortress.  It's more than worth the price of admission.  For those still hungering for more Knights Kingdom action after Vladek's fortress has been built and conquered, this set is better than nothing", 1.0
"I bought this identical bed at Toys R Us for $175.00. This person is ripping people off, do your shopping before paying their mark up and shipping costs", 1.0
"We usually love all the Melissa and Doug toys, but these sound puzzles are disappointing.  I bought two for Christmas, the farm one and the vehicle one.  We couldn't open the back to put in the batteries for the vehicle puzzle (as the other reviewer said), and for this farm one, the sound quality is so bad!  The animal sounds aren't even recognizable in some cases.  The puzzle itself is fine, but I wouldn't recommend paying extra for the sound", 2.0
"I didn't know you had to line up the arrows on the motor part so we installed it incorrectly and it rotated counterclockwise; my husband took the whole thing apart and reversed the battery terminals so that it would turn clockwise, then it worked just fine.  The instructions don't mention that you have to align the motor to the terminals in a certain fashion or it will turn backwards.  But once you get it lined up right it works fine with Hershey's syrup.  a Great starter fountain for my chocaholic 2nd grader", 1.0
"Not only do you use chocolate syrup which runs off of the cookies, pretzels, strawberries, etc., but it doesn't even warm up the syrup. So, like someone else said, you may as well fill up a bowl with Hershey's syrup and let the kids dip away.  The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one is because my kids did seem to have a really good time playing with this.  They thought it was great even though it was cold syrup instead of warm chocolate", 1.0
"This product is a waste of money after the lightbulb goes out and the lighbulb didn't last very long in the first place. Polyconcept does not make the lightbulbs available in the stores.  After numerous phone calls to Polyconcept (manufacturer) I have yet to receive replacement light bulbs!!!  So basically, it is now useless.", 1.0
"I have since seen other similar complaints on several websites and have written to polyconcept.  I have to date gotten no satisfaction from either crayola or polyconcept.  The lines are blurry, there is no focus to begin with.  But the real problem is that the projector detaches constantly from the base, whenever you move it, touch it, etc.  The dry erase markers don't erase from the board; and the light stopped working after the second time my son played with it.  I can't fathom buying a new light bulb at $4.95 + s&h after a total hour of use in two sessions.  I think it's probably wiring; who knows; but it's a disappointing flimsy cheap piece of garbage.", 1.0
"My daughter received this for her third birthday from her Grandpa and while it's a great concept and I think she would really like it, it doesn't really work. Erasing each drawing is nearly impossible, and it bothers me enough that I know it will bother her to be unable to erase old drawings and start new. So we're returning it for something else.", 2.0
"Wow!  This toy was made as cheap as possible.  Shame on crayola for not spending the extra pennies to make this more durable and a better quality product. Great concept, but poor designers!  Steps aside crayola - your name doesn't stand for much anymore!", 2.0
"The pieces of this toy (the outfits, etc.) all ripped when we pulled them off the starter sheet.  Also, the pieces are too little and get easily lost when played with and the outfits are uncolorful and depressing. In general, this toy is hokey and cheap.  I recommend Melissa and Doug's Magnetic Dress-Up and/or", 2.0
"Magnetic Princess Dress-Up. All the pieces are wooden and are large enough to keep together.  Also, the outfits are colorful and beautiful and they come in nice wooden boxes with lids so that a child can keep things organized.", 2.0
"If you can smell the chemicals being emitted by these slippers than your child is breathing them in! Also the chemicals are being absorbed through the skin of your childs feet.  They are made with known cancer causing chemicals. They are also manufactured over seas wher the DEQ,EPA etc; have no jurisdiction over the processes used to manufacture these slippers.  My two year old daughter was given a pair and they are now hidden in the garage. Did not want to put them into a land fill until some one has analyzed the toxic emission from these horrible smeling slippers. Benzene, Poly Vinyl Chloride, all kill the liver.", 2.0
"I bought these slippers after reading these reviews, thinking "they are really cute, how bad can they smell?"  Well, let me tell you on Christmas morning they lasted about 20 minutes in the living room before they were thrown outside on the porch, and they were back at the store 2 days later being returned.  The smell is beyond awful, and is absolutely unbearable.  As cute as these slippers are for your princess, do yourself a favor and get something else.  These are horrifying", 1.0
"Our daughters are four and five years old.  The skates will not fit over our five year old's shoe.  The ad clearly says three to seven years old", 2.0
"I bought 8 sets of these mats to completely cover my son's playroom.  Of the 8, there were 6 perfect sets.  The other 2 had VERY rough sections that caused major irritation on my son's knees.  When I contacted the company, they gave me a VERY hard time about the issue and basically said they wouldnt do anything about replacing those mats until they received them back and could do an investigation as to how this could have happened.  They kept saying that they had never seen anything like this before as though I was making the issue up.  In the end, I was SO unhappy with their attitude that I returned all 8 sets and went with another brand.  Be careful and check the quality of the sets that you receive!", 2.0
"I should have paid attention to the reviewer who stated this doll is a "piece of junk" and the only good thing is how the doll is dressed!", 1.0
"Being optimistic, after the first purchase of the doll proved to be disappointing (she laughs adorably; she makes the sucking noise; she makes a contented sound, which becomes 'stuck' and the mechanism on her back must be turned off; she does not kick her legs; she does not close her eyes when rocked) I purchased a second doll and this doll was less", 1.0
"functional than the first one. The second doll cries continually. She does close her eyes and that's it! I returned the second one and kept the first one because she is more functional. DON'T WASTE YOUR DOLLARS ON THIS ONE", 1.0
"I am a parent of a 9 year old daughter who loves dolls. She was given the Love me CHOU CHOU doll for Christmas (12/25/05). On Christmas day we were unable to get the doll to fall asleep, so on 12/26/05 I went back to the store to exchange the doll. With no luck I found that the second doll would not fall asleep either. I looked on the zapf-creation web-site under most frequently asked questions and received more instructions on how to get the doll to fall asleep and still the doll will not fall asleep.", 1.0
"Apparently this is a problem, not only with the doll my daughter has but with other customers as well. If the company knows that this is one of the most frequently asked questions, why not remodel the doll so she can fall asleep like the instructions say? It is very discouraging for a 9 year old who has hopes of seeing the doll do something that is being advertised and it does not do that. It is also very upsetting to a parent who has to continue going back and forth to a store and hopes of looking for a working doll. These dolls are very expensive and should work like the instructions say they should.", 1.0
"We have tried everything we can to get the Love me chou chou doll to fall asleep and nothing seems to make that happen.. I have even spoken with another parent in the store where the doll was purchased and was advised her daughter also was crying on Christmas day because they could not get the doll to fall asleep. She then explained, she had her mother a grandmother to rock the doll and guess what the doll finally fell asleep keep in mind this was not rock-a-bye chou chou. We have even tried to rock this doll with no luck of getting the doll to fall asleep.", 1.0
"I have even taken the doll back to the store for an exchange, but was advised the doll is no longer being sold at the store where I purchased it.", 1.0
"Bought this little cooler for the back of our ATW wagon to make it easier to haul snacks and juice around the zoo etc.  Cooler holds temp fine and the velcro straps go around the wood railings well, but this a totally soft-sided cooler with no frame or supports, so if there is anything in it, the cooler does not hold it's sqaure shape when hanging on the back of the wagon.  Looks terrible and I would have been better just rigging up a mini igloo with bungees or somethin", 2.0
"Purchased this for our grandchildren.  IT DID NOT WORK! Unfortunately we had thrown away the original packaging, so I assumed that it could not be returned.  It gets zero stars from this household even if the form does require at least one star be entered.", 1.0
"Lego is a great product, unfortunately this one's just a little too ambitious. My son fell in love with this and begged for it for Chanukah, but once we got it put together it wouldn't stay together to play with. It's great to make smaller planes with, but the original plane just fell apart under it's own weight.", 1.0
"I would not recommend this product for anyone over 3 & 1/2 years (unless small for their age).  My 4 yr old son (36lbs) got it for his birthday, and broke the steering wheel within 10 minutes.  There is plenty of room for him on the seat and inside the car, but its been "parked" since broken.  I wish we would have spent the money on something that would have lasted.  The plastic seems cheaply made.  The voice buttons and noises are loud and work well.  Stickers have already started to flake/peel off after 1 month.  Consider a bigwheel", 2.0
"The concept is perfect.  It is small but fit my bigger 3 year old okay.  The pedal mechanism is difficult to master, but doable. The steering is for slight turns not any sharp turns.  I rated this item 2 stars because the box was obviously opened prior to me receiving it.  It most likely was a returned item.  It was also defective with the metal rod for the pedal mechanism totally disassembled.  I fixed it but then the other medal metal rod came apart as well.  The product is very cheaply made, but the sound effects and look is perfect for a Batman lover.  I have written to EToys, and I will see how they respond.  My sons loved the car nevertheless", 1.0
"This item had a description for ages three and up.  This isn't even close.  Now I'm stuck with a toddler toy for a five-year-old who is so attached to the fact it's a Batmobile he can get in, even if his knees practically knock at his chin, that I'll never pry it from him.  He's only going to be able to  even get in it for probably two more months.  It was a complete waste of money.  It's suited for two to three-year-olds and small four-year-olds", 1.0
"Our grandson is barely four years and of average size for his age, yet the batmobile is much too small for him.  For a kid who loves batman, it is intriguing and he did try to use it as he pretended to be the batman of his imagination.  But after just 2 or 3 days, he gave up and returned to his tricycle. As a result, except for the initial 2 or 3 days of limited pleasure he got out of it, the batmobile has been a waste of money.  On the other hand, for a child of 3, it should be fun, I think, for at least awhile", 1.0
"This was not fun at all boring and she only played with it one time Definately a waste of mone", 1.0
"This toy is not good at all! its hard for the reflecters to stay still and to connect. its hard to trace the picture because you can hardly see your hand! plus it the picture moves, thats it! you have to start all over again. its better if you just take a piece a paper and putting it over the picture and traceing it that way, trust me i ended up just doing that", 1.0
"My 7 year old saw the ads for DigiDraw and drove me absolutely crazy until Christmas rolled around last year. The look of excitement and happiness on his face as he unwrapped this toy was short-lived.", 1.0
"It was nearly impossible to assemble. The time and patience it required to 'trace' just a straight line was too much for an adult let alone a 7 year old. The only useable item from this entire toy were the colored pencils", 2.0
"My daughter, age 9, purchased this product after seeing on tv the many ways she could create images on paper as well clothing, backpacks etc.  Upon opening and struggling to assemble it, we realized that it was useless.  It is very difficult to use on paper and I can not imagine using it on an item such as a jacket.  I emailed the company to complain and after 5 months they responded with a standard - return it to the store you bought it at (an option I did not feel we had since it had been opened and used).  They should have just said "tough luck (...)".  Save your money, avoid this company and get a bunch of stencils instead.", 1.0
"As others have said, this is a neat concept, but in reality, it doesn't work that great.  After drawing on it, you wet a sponge to erase it.  Think about a small child wetting a sponge.  It ends up a dripping mess!  Then they end up with runny marker all over their hands, which ends up on their clothes, etc.  We're good about watching the kids, too.  You really have to take control of the sponge and make sure the board is wiped properly before the kids use it.  The other thing is that none of the colors glowed very well and the kids stopped using it after only a couple of days.  Just a very disappointing gift.  Fisher Price should have stuck with the original Doodle Pro... my kids have had it for a year and still use it", 1.0
"My sone LOVES this trike, but has not been able to use it much due to the fact that it keeps breaking. The first one I got had a broken steering wheel lock - it kept slipping into lock position and my son couldn't turn the wheel anymore! So I called Radio Flyer and they graciously sent out a new one(I did not have to provide proof of purchase or anything). On the new one, the parent handle would not lock into place. So I called again and they sent out a new parent handle. I replaced it and everything seemed to work fine until we went up or down a slight incline in which case the handle would come unlocked again. I called Radio Flyer AGAIN. At this point, they are sending a new one which Quality Control is supposed to look over first, and they want the old one back to take a look at it. I really do like this trike, but the quality is not great. If you purchase it and have problems, DEFINITELY call Radio Flyer to get one that works correctly. Don't even bother to return it to the store. Radio Flyer will send parts or replacements free of charge and you don't have to hassle with going back to the store", 1.0
"Got a very similar model at a Babies R Us several months ago, but without the adult's handle. My son is almost 2 and can almost pedal by himself, and we generally like the style, but the trike tips so easily that I rarely take it out for him to use. Never would have thought to check this but I'll be in the market for a big-wheel type trike or one that is much more stable than this model.", 1.0
"This trike in useless! Our 2yr. old tips over every time she tries to ride it. Buy something that's worth the money and safer!", 1.0
"Now our daughter won't go near the thing, or any other trike!", 1.0
"I expected much better from Radio Flyer", 1.0
"I cannot believe Radio Flyer put this bike out! Every single time my 2 year old got on this thing, it toppled over!", 2.0
"I actually called Radio Flyer, they denied ever hearing any complaints about this model (then I found out there are plenty of angry parents out there!) After some resistance, they agreed to refund me and they did.", 1.0
"The back wheels are too close together, making it very easy to tip over, plus the fact that it is so lightweight makes it even more unstable.  I tried it too in the store on smooth ground, but on the sidewalk, forget it!", 1.0
"Please save yourself the trouble!", 2.0
"Very dangerous!  My daughter was constantly tipping over on this bike.  The handle bars turn too sharp and just dump them over.  There is only one good thing about it.  The seat puts the child higher than the pedals and they can use their weight to get it going. This helped my daughter learn to pedal. The constant nose dive however....was not worth it.  Don't buy!", 1.0
"I bought this shopping cart for my 14 month old daughter who absolutely loves her Little Mommy doll.  She enjoyed taking the food out of the shopping cart but when she tried putting it back in the basket fell off the frame and she got quite upset.  Also, at her age it is difficult to get the doll into the seat portion without assistance from mom.  The cart itself also does not turn well when tried to walk with it", 1.0
"My 15 month old daughter received this as a gift, and I have to admit she loves it, but it has nothing to do with the product design. She would love any toy shopping cart at this stage. She just loves pretend cooking, eating, and feeding her baby doll.", 1.0
"This toy is so shoddily made it's laughable. Some of the included foods to put in the cart are actually just cardboard boxes that wind up torn and in the garbage within the first 48 hours. The cart basket is too small, the baby gets stuck in the seat, and my daughter gets frustrated when parts of the cart fall off as she plays. It's not going to last long. The best parts are the little milk carton and the banana.", 2.0
"Check out other shopping cart toys (little tykes or small world toys).  We bought her a set of wooden fruit (melissa and doug). When this shopping cart dies, we'll buy her a sturdy one and add more wooden food toys (there are some excellent sets available). My advice is skip this one and buy your child something better the first time around", 2.0
"I bought this shopping cart for my grandaughters age 22 and 23 months old. They love pushing it around without the baby seat, without the basket. In other words they are quite adept at taking it apart & rolling around the frame. The doll is difficult to put in, the cardboard groceries were put away until they are older. The other groceries are fine, the pouring milk container is great as are the pretend veggies & mac n cheese. They both put them in the containers. I am disappointed and was looking for a shopping cart that my own daughters had, that actually looks like a cart & doesn't disassemble so easily", 1.0
"After hearing a lot of the songs used for other Fisher Price music toys, I expected the best from this one. I liked the songs included on the rom, but I expect a nice beat and catchy tune. (Like the Backyardigans or the Doodle Bops). These songs are performed in a dry sort of way. They aren't even as good as the Wiggles and my kids hate the Wiggles. It was a bit disappointing", 2.0
"THIS VEHICLE IS NOTHING BUT JUNK. IT DOES NOT MOVE WELL ON THE DRIVEWAY AND DOES NOT MOVE ON THE GRASS AT ALL. MY GRANDSON USES HIS FEET TO PUSH IT WHICH IS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED FROM A $100.00 TOY.", 1.0
"VERY DISAPPOINTED. I WOULD LIKE TO SEND IT BACK FOR A FULL REFUND", 1.0
"My daughters are a little young for this toy and aren't that into it yet. It is very cute, with lots of sweet, tiny, realistic pieces, and I can see it having lots of play value and somewhat educational. However, they made it so the arms are jointed in order that she can hold the baby. Well, my daughter threw the doll on the floor at the doctor's office and the bottom half of the arm fell right off. Even if it hadn't broken, you have to place the arms just right or they look totally strange. This is the least favorite barbie my girls own. If it weren't for the arms, this would be a great toy. Oh, and the back of the dresser is open, so you can't really store the small pieces in it. Not sure why they didn't just close it up to make storage easier.", 1.0
"I miss Happy Family. I have some. I like this doll that im Reviewing but mattel tell the Happy Family fans like me that this doll is not Midge", 2.0
"This game is very difficult and lengthy to program the remotes.  Also, if you play it for more than an hour the questions repeat themselves so basically if you play it once there is no reason to play it again.  It's a huge waste of money.  For 30.00 they could have at least put a larger database of questions on the DVD or have more than one DVD included in the game.", 1.0
"This is a BIG disapointment", 2.0
"I do not usually take the time to write reviews on products. If I am not satisfied with something I would return it and write a reason for the return. The kids used this product up in about an hour so there wasn't much to send back. When I was a kid we had spirograph and it was a great thing. The reviews for the current model said that spirograph was just a memory and the new one was a cheap copy that didn't work. I am glad that the reviews were there for that product. To save money I ordered this low cost Spin Doodles toy. Five year old kids are always excited to open a toy to check it out. I played with them for a little while to get them started and realized that we had a box of junk. Why would someone go through the trouble to develope and manufacture a toy and then sell it on the internet when it is not really usable ? The gears and holder for the paper were a mess of poorly designed and warped plastic. At least the cost was low. This one was a waste of shipping cost even if the toy was free. I hope this helps someone who remembers spirograph and what a great creative toy it was 35 to 40 years ago. I guess the technology has been lost for toys with plastic gears.", 1.0
"These were a gift to my 5-year old from his grandmother.  I can't return it to her since it would make her feel worse than the worthless product.  I'm amazed Amazon carries them !  A string and two cans would work better", 1.0
"We bought a pair of these thinking they'd be an ideal gift for our 4-year-old nephew. They look great, and the hands-free styling is nice. But it's a good thing we tested them before wrapping the gift. They work terribly. We got very flaky reception with a lot of background noise, and we were less than 40 feet apart. They are promptly being returned", 1.0
"While the doll is beautiful, I don't think she is a good representation of Chinese people because if you look at the picture of a close up of her face, you can see that her eyes are big and round just like a European. Her nose also is upturned.", 1.0
"While some may say that some Asians do have rounder eyes, most do not and I don't think this doll looks Chinese enough", 2.0
"I bought this product after pulling numerous items out of the toilet.  The suction cups never really fit securely to the toilet and after I finally thought I had it right, I found the Toilet Lock floating in the toilet like everything else.", 2.0
"I completly agree with what everyone else said about this...Do not buy it!!! I wish I had read here first!!! We bought two of them and one stuck for 2 days and the other didn't even last 1 day....we tried for days to get them to stick and they just wont...we had thrown out the boxes so we couldn't even return them!!! I can't imagine why they continue to sell them!!!", 1.0
"we bought this thinking the suctions would keep the darn thing on - boy were we wrong!  the suction cups are so weak that my cat jumped onto the toilet seat and knocked it over.  save your money", 2.0
"I purchased two of these locks and thought that they were going to work great.  What a big disappointment.  They both continued to fall off within 10 minutes of installing them and they continued to fall off.  I just returned them.  Still looking for something to work.", 2.0
"The first time my husband installed this toilet lock it stayed put for about 3 days.  I thought it came loose because he didn't wipe the toilet before attaching it.  I wiped the lock and toilet with rubbing alcohol and assumed the problem would be fixed.  The lock fell off later that same day.  Now the dumb thing won't even stay on for 15 minutes and when I do get it attached my 13 mo. old can pull it right off", 1.0
"This product does not work.  The way the toilet lock stays on is suction cups.  They do not suction to the toilet.  If they do miraculously suction, my 18 month old can easily pull or knock it off with the slightest touch.  I bought two, lost the receipts and can't return it.  I would not give this product away because it basically doesn't work at all.", 1.0
"My child LOVES Geotrax and plays with them everyday.  However, Big City Lights makes your track look good but doesn't have much for a child to interact; the crane has a crank to turn but the bricks are hard to get to stick in the clamp and besides a button for sounds that is about all this has to offer.  Unlike other pieces with Geomotion this one is a bore.  My child rarely plays with this piece except to watch the RC trains go under it.", 1.0
"I ordered this for my 7 yr old grandaughter for Valentines Day.  Upon receipt it was not operable. The user is supposed to ask the "Love Ball" a question, and then turn it over to see the answer under a clear glass window. The answer would not appear under window it seemed to be covered with a dark liquid", 1.0
"This love ball was very un-lovely. The messages would not appear clearly in the window, no matter how I tried turning it over different ways.Maybe it sat too long in the wrong environment before I received it. I put it back in the box and plan to ship it back", 2.0
"Since purchasing this "Executive" set, I have purchased another one at a local store.  Although both sets are relatively the same, the instruction package with my second set is much better.  The sea monkeys in the "Executive" set lasted about a month and a half.  This was due to the fact that the instructions on how to care for them were very vague.  We did not know that you needed to add air to the water or that over feeding was extremely bad for them.  The instructions in the sea monkey set we bought locally were very good and we have now had sea monkeys for over 3 months.  I believe the "Executive" set is overpriced as well", 2.0
"We went through the process of cleaning the tank and sterilizing the water, adding the package of sea monkeys, and finally feeding the sea monkeys and NOTHING happened. (...). Hope these are not dead", 2.0
"This is a cheaply made, over-priced product.  It didn't last a week and I paid over 30 dollars for it and since I ordered it early as a Christmas gift - I can't return it because it has been over 30 days!!  The drawer to pull out to get the coin rolls out will not go back in all the way, therefore the coins fall to the bottom, get stuck, etc.  Total waist of money that I now cannot get back!", 2.0
"This sorter is very light duty.  It jams frequently and unless the coin tubes are perfectly round, the coins do not enter them squarely.  I can not recommend this coin sorter.  I am looking for a better quality sorter...", 1.0
"This toys purpose is to sort your change, and it performs poorly. In mine, the quarters get stuck unless you pour coins in one by one, which takes forever. If you pour more than one coin in they get stuck or little coins fall into the slots for bigger coins. In mine the quarter got stuck in the dime slot blocking it, it no longer works", 2.0
"This is a very fun toy.  There are numerous buttons and sounds that my children enjoyed very much.  After you close the phone, it rings a couple seconds later, and the kids loved to answer it and pretend to talk to people.", 1.0
"Unfortunately the two I bought quit working within a short time of buying them.  I bought the first one last year for my son, and it lasted for about a week.  First the recording feature stopped working.  Then none of the sounds worked.  New batteries didn't help, I even opened it up to see if any transistors had burned out or there were any shorts.  Didn't find any problems...it just refused to work.", 1.0
"We bought a second one for Christmas 06, and it's already quit too.  We'll try to stay away from this brand", 2.0
"My sons got this toy for their 1st birthday since their physical therapist recommended getting a push/ride on toy with a wide base for learning to walk.  While they enjoy the buttons and sounds and like being pushed around on it, I do not find it helpful for development.  The handle pushes forward and comes off very easily, it is not heavy enough for them to pull up on without tipping over onto them, and the seat is very wide and square so their legs will have to grow considerably before they would be able to ride it.  Also some of the stickers are starting to peel off and we've only had it a month.  For an older child it would probably make a decent ride on toy, but if you are wanting a push toy to help with early walking, keep looking", 2.0
"The handle falls off easily so its not good for a young toddler learning to walk.The seat is VERY wide so unless your [small kid] has legs as long as a [grown up kid] its not going to be comfortable. The wideness does help with the balance of it for a child that would be pushing it but the handle popping off kind of defeats that purpose", 1.0
"It has lot of problem, most of time it's cartridge will not be recognozed by Leap Pad.", 2.0
"If you are looking to add a microphone to your product then just purchase the microphone, NOT the microhpone with these two books.  If you purchase this item then you are LIMITED to these two books!!  If you purchase the microphone you can use ALL microphone enhanced books!!!  My kids LOVE the microphone.  It is great to hear their own voice and sounds.  I give the microphone itself 5 stars", 2.0
"Over Priced, Cheaply made, Bad assembly instructions.", 1.0
"It's a good Idea, but a bad product. Very over priced. I would not have mined losing out on ten dollars, but 50 plus shipping is a lot. This was the most expensive toy I bought my son for Christmas. The bat does not fully swing, because one of the guides block it. you can't control the so called pitching, the ball is a magnet that sticks to the playing field. pitch it to the bat and it may not roll to the bat, hit it and it may not make it out of the out field. Score board dials won't stay attached to the paper score board. It takes two people to operate. it's the day after Christmas and this one is going to the trash. I can't send it back because I have attempted to assemble it. It would have to go back in the same condition it was received. I would not recommended this to anyone. My son and I are both very disappointed.", 1.0
"This game was not at all what I expected.  The steering wheel and pedals are just for looks.  You actually have to control the game with arrow buttons on the steering wheel.  And many of the games had nothing to do with driving.  So glad I opened it to try it before Christmas morning.  This is one toy that is headed back to the store", 1.0
"i thought baby would be much more interested in this. it's colorful and easy to grab -- but for some reason, it's a non-starter", 1.0
"I recieved this itema s a gift. I thought it would be great I was wrong! The designs it gives you are really cool but the ploish that comes with this is awful!!!!!!!!", 2.0
"I bought these skates for my almost 3 yr old who wants to be like her big sister.  The skates are good overall.  They are easy enough to put on and take off.  The padding inside is nice.  The only drawback I can find is the the adjustment lever that keeps the wheels from rolling on setting 1 changes by itself to setting 2 which lets the wheels roll.  I am not sure if I just got a bad pair or if this happens with all of these kinds of skates.  I will keep them but it does get to be a hassle to have to keep putting them on the correct setting.", 2.0
"I bought this toy from my son for his 2nd birthday less than a week ago.  It is designed for the sandbox, but has already stopped working because sand has gotten into all the sliding parts.  It also has a locking mechanism that is too difficult for even my almost 4 year old to figure out.  But my kids love to ride around on it, it's just too bad the rest of it is so poorly designed", 1.0
"A great idea, in theory, but I think this is a very poor design.  The wing nuts do not tighten sufficiently to hold the strings in place - they just spin around and around.  I will be able to get it working, with a bit of work and a few bits and pieces from around the house, but if I had given this to a child for Christmas I would feel awful about it..", 2.0
"We have two new power wheels 12 volt batteries.  They take a charge just fine with the charger that came with them.  I bought this so we could use it as a rapid charger and it would take less time for the batteries to charge.  I plugged them in and waited a few seconds.  Both batteries had the flashing red indicating the batteries were either a wrong battery or bad.  This will not charge the batteries for me.  All it does is sit there and blink red.  But the batteries charge just fine with the original charger.  How can they be bad batteries if they hold a charge and we get hours of play out of them on a full charge.  Funny that.  Makes me wonder if it is a marketing ploy for people to run right out and buy a new $50 battery to replace the "bad" one.  If it would actually work to charge the battery then it would be great.  But we cannot get past the red light with ours.  It is going right back to the store!!!  It might be slower but we will stick with our original charger from now on.", 1.0
"This is a wonderful toy.  I have given it as a gift many times.  BUT-", 1.0
"This toy did not quack!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 2.0
"The child was very disappointed.  (So were the rest of us.)", 2.0
"It was returned.", 2.0
"The experience was VERY bad", 1.0
"I bought this for my son's first birthday.  He loved it!  But, after only a month it stopped quacking and he lost most interest in it.  He still plays with it a little bit, but not like when it made noise.  I wouldn't have wasted my money if I had known the batteries would only last a month", 1.0
"My 4-yr old daughter really wanted this for Christmas, and Santa was kind enough to bring it for her.  The quality is fine, but it just doesn't do much.  She played with it for the first day, and has touched it maybe twice since.  I've seen these on clearance everywhere I've gone lately, too.  If your child is into playing "mommy", this is cute, but the extra money you pay for something that moves and talks doesn't really equate to lasting play value with this one", 1.0
"My daughter loves Strawberry Shortcake.  This interactive doll and book are uninteresting and do not work together very well.  The book has to be on a flat surface and then still does not work well.  The doll and book quickly became seperate toys and neither are played with very often", 1.0
"I agree with the other people who wrote a review...can't figure out the sequence of events or maybe stylus does not work.  Child not happy and tired of hearing Shortcake say the same thing over and over.  Save your money and buy a good book for your kid!!", 1.0
"My son received this car for Christmas.  It worked the first time we used it but we noticed that if we forgot to switch the car to the OFF position when we were done the batteries would die.  Each time my son wanted to use the car we would have to replace the betteries!  The last time we tried to use it we changed the batteries in the car and the remote and it won't work.  So now it's garbage!", 1.0
"I was also discouraged by the reviews but bought it anyway. It was a lot of fun! While it worked. We experienced the same symptoms as the other reviewers here ... I appreciate the info on how to fix it but should we have to? It's too bad because it really is a cute toy and my 2 year old loved it. I would not buy it again. If you are considering purchasing this toy make sure the company has fixed it first", 1.0
"I saw an advertisement for this toy on the tv.  I was SHOCKED that they were still selling it!  Years ago, my young son got his arm trapped inside the hole where the balls come out.  We had called Playskool and they had us return it to the store and they sent us a free 'I'm sorry' gift.", 1.0
"The one pictured on Amazon is the DANGEROUS one that many kids have gotten their arms stuck in.  If you look on the Playskool website, they have a newer version which offers a cover over the hole where kids like to stick their little paws.", 1.0
"Be sure you get the newer version!  It is a super cute toy, and I am glad they have fixed the problem so many have had", 1.0
"We bought this for our 10 month old son for Christmas.  He really enjoys it, but the steering stripped out within the first week so he can only go straight.  We have to follow him around and turn it.  Other than that it's been a good buy.  He can play with it inside and out.  He's 16 months old now and will be getting a bigger, faster 12 volt 4-wheeler soon", 2.0
"I ordered two soccer ball kits for my two young sons. They were unable to inflate either soccer ball on Christmas day because neither of the accompanying pumps and needles worked. If there had been no accompanying pump and needle with each kit, I would have been better prepared ahead of time to have my own pump ready. I had to go out and buy new needles the day after Christmas. We'll try again another day to see if we can inflate the balls with a different pump", 1.0
"it sucks it breaks easy and doesn't work good   dont waste your money like i di", 1.0
"It says that it works with vibration, maybe if you are dancing on a trampoline. The kids are not really that impressed", 1.0
"As stated by the other parents on this item this belt is a cute idea, but it is so small it barely fits my [...]. It will only fit him if he is not wearing a shirt and even then if he bends down it sometimes pops off. He gets very frustrated and so am I. If I have to re-velcro this thing again I am going to scream, and he only got it this morning for easter. I called fisher-price but they are closed for the holiday...I plan on calling again tomorrow and I WILL be getting some sort of refund....hey maybe I can score a free Field Journal. HAHA... Good Luck To You All.", 1.0
"Although my 3 1/2 yr old loves this belt, it barely fits him. It only fits him if he wears it under his shirt as big as it will go. In fact, my 1 1/2 year old wears it very close to the edge of the velcro. The smallest setting of the velcro barely fits our teddy bear. Also the magnifying glass does not actually magnify at all, and the compass is just a sticker of a compass face. My son loves it for the brief time it sort-of fits him, but I am disappointed with the quality, and the size", 1.0
"I brought this because  my kids love spongebob & ice cream..perfect toy, right? WRONG!  The ice cream oozes out of all of spongebob's cracks leaving most of it on your table and very little in the cone.  We have to use half a container of ice cream just to make 2 small cones and then I have a huge mess left in the kitchen.", 2.0
"This thing took about 6 hours to build.  The directions are terrible and extremely difficult to follow, but I figured it was worth it because it just looks so cool.  Unfortunately after completely assembling the thing and flipping the switch the motor, on fresh batteries, didn't have enough power to lift the ball the almost 6 feet consistently.  We spent as much time trying to get the motor to do what it was supposed to as we did building it.  Ours also came with a special ball that had a skateboarder inside.  He looks really cool, but the motor never was able to lift him more than about a foot.  I love KNEX, but this set is a DUD", 2.0
"Not sure what happened, but I received my daughter's gift in the mail today. There were no penguins in the box, and but the packaging looked original with no tampering. Beware, if you're ordering from Imaginarium! What a disappointment this was for us", 2.0
"We've had a number of Gazillion bubble machines.", 2.0
"The first - this one, with an upright rotating set of bubble wands - worked relatively well, but stopped working after maybe a dozen uses.  (Granted, one of those uses was for a few hours).  When the level of liquid is low, the machine stops making bubbles since it has to pick up enough liquid to cover the wand.", 2.0
"We replaced it the next year with the Typhoon machine - this was awesome, produced a huge quantity of bubbles and worked more reliably since the bubble liquid is sucked up and put on the wands, no matter how low the supply of liquid.  It has a large reservoir at the bottom so you don't need to fill it very often - it takes a lot of liquid though.", 1.0
"Our issue now is getting the liquid.  Gazillion liquid does produce the best bubbles - they last well, etc. etc. etc.  HOWEVER, very few stores stock the liquid, and except for when I first bought the first machine, no-one stocks large size bottles.  Even the online vendors like toys.com who are supposed to have them, never have them in stock (I've been on their notify list for a long time!)  I've ended up buying from someone in Canada on eBay - otherwise, buying the smaller bottles at ToysRUs, Target, etc. is just too expensive.", 2.0
"Both of these machines don't really work if you try other bubble liquids - other liquids (especially the cheaper kinds in very large size bottles) are much thinner and the liquid drips right off the wands before it has a chance to pass by the blower part to make any bubbles.", 1.0
"We're planning to start making our own bubble liquid and hopefully that will cover us.  Otherwise, the machines are useless now.", 2.0
"Like all other sy - it stops working after a few uses and even when it did work the bubbles were NOT a plenty. People seem content on buying again after it breaks, but it would be nice for it to have some durability. It is better than blowing the bubbles yoursel", 2.0
"I purchased this for my eight year old niece. We were both disappointed when it broke after only two weeks.  Be prepared to have limited options for fun without downloading it on your computer. The program takes up a lot of memory on your computer's hard drive", 1.0
"I hate Monopoly, but loved the idea of making my own game board. Sadly, MYOO had so many limitations! I gave it a higher ED rating because you can turn the game into an educational one, but it isn't intrisically educational.", 2.0
"It doesn't print out spaces with color bars, just little green squares that you glue on the board below the pre-printed color bars. The background on everything you print is School Bathroom Green. You are stuck with Lotto squares on the board (bad for me since I believe gambling is evil). And you only have twelve Good/Bad News cards. I liked making my own money, though.", 1.0
"I figured out how to do most of the same stuff in Word. Here's how:", 2.0
"I took the board from a "Your Town" clone of Monopoly and measured between the big squares. I think the individual squares are 2.5 by 3.5, but it doesn't matter, since your board may be different. In Word, I used a legal-sized paper (I think that's A5 for you Brits) and made a table that was nine columns that's how many are on my board) and two rows. Then I messed with it to get the proportions correct. You can fit three rows on one sheet of legal paper, if the return is really small, like 5 points. That gives you space to cut.  To get color bars, get your cursor in the top row. Type any letter.", 1.0
"Then highlight it, go up to "format" and click on borders and shading. Click on shading, click on a color, then make sure it says "cell" and not text or table. I use only 15 percent for most colors. Click on OK and you should have a color bar. Type in whatever text you want. Then click below to type in your property name. On printing, I found the last squares were outside the printing range, so I will only have eight squares next time and will print a separate sheet for "railroad" squares.", 1.0
"The corner squares are about 2.5 inches on my board. I would recommend you make them bigger, then trim to size, so you won't have any dead space on your board. Cut and glue to a board you picked up at a thrift shop or yard sale and painted or covered.", 2.0
"The property cards. These were actually easier than I thought. Make a table one column wide and two rows deep. Make it fill the whole page. Color as above, and type in whatever you want. When you print them out, print out 8 or 16 pages to a sheet to get cards.", 2.0
"For chance and community chest ... well, what I came up with was using mail merge and a shipping label template. You", 1.0
"just print out on regular card or paper, and cut. The data file used for the merge would have your classy one-liners. I don't know about putting graphics in. Also, I can't figure out how to use merge. I did it once but can't figure it out now.", 1.0
"Money I haven't been able to do. I have QuarkXpress and Adobe Pagemaker but don't know how to use either program. Plus, I wanted to make the money in Paint or something simple. Hope these directions help someone", 2.0
"My title says it all.  The black balls fell off of the sticks within a couple minutes of normal use; therefore the toy was also a choking hazard.  The balls wouldn't even glue back on effectively because the ball openings were clearly too large for the sticks they were matched with.  Cheaply made and potentially dangerous", 1.0
"Here's a quick primer for parents looking to buy science kits for the early grade school set (i.e., K - 3rd).  Every science kit, including this one, basically tells you to mix vinegar with baking soda and "Voila!" you made a volcano.  Nevermind that in later years some kid will go hiking in the crater of Mt. St. Helen's during an eruption thinking it is just harmless cooking products.  Use safe chemicals to make scientific changing colors? You guessed it -- food dye.  All these kits basically include a set of plastic test tubes and instructions telling you to open your kitchen cupboards.  Back in the Middle Ages people who sold this kind of hokum for the price it now commands were called alchemists.  They eventually went out of business.  Buy the kid a Suzukie violin or a football helmet instead", 1.0
"I bought a pair of these phones for my 6 and 4 year old daughters because they love to play on the cheap phones that we were buying them from the Dollar Tree. When i first saw these and realized that they could call each other and take pictures I decided to give them a try. I have two complaints with this product. One, the battery life with constant use is like 1 hour and that was with the top of the line energizers and I could'nt get one of the phones to communicate. The pictures are a little grainy but what do you expect with a play phone.", 1.0
"We bought these skates for our 5 year old. She could barely skate in them. They are too big and bulky for children just learning to skate.  We returned them and have yet to find another pair", 1.0
"After the safe arrived my son was very excited to use his new toy.  Unfortunately, one of the key features the toy promises, setting your own secret code/combination to open the safe does not function.  Neither he or any of the three adults in the room were able to reprogram it to the numbers he chose.  He was very sad about it but after waiting so long for it to arrive by mail, would not return it.  Since it arrived at my home I have researched other reviews at Amazon.  You already have product reviews stating the same complaint.  This is not an inexpensive toy and it does not work as promised.  It should be taken off your item list until it has been fixed.  As it stands Amazon is selling a low quality item to young children and parents who are very disappointed.", 1.0
"We purchased two of these safes for our daughters for Christmas and they both broke within 3 weeks.  Don't waste your money!!!!", 1.0
"A torture device disguised as a toy. How would you like to spend all day playing on the stairwell? Might as well go lick some dirty socks. I think my dog actually used to drag its bottom along the stairs to relieve a recurring rash. Hey, Ma, why does Slinky go down but not up? Who's the genius who found this at the scrapyard? Most toys in the 1970s relied on mankind's perverse craving for repetition and/or irritation", 2.0
"As soon as I got it out of the box and put the batteries in, it didn't work at all. My husband checked it out and we noticed that the plastic was out of place and the little motor fell out of it's place. Well my husband clicked everything bak in place and the darn thing still wouldn't work. We returned it the next day and got our money back. Didn't even bother for a replacement because is so flimsy we were afraid of getting another one just like the first one. In ALL it was a great dissapointmen", 1.0
"This is a horrible edition of this game.  It has a limited amount of games and it doesn't play like the TV game at all.  Save some money and buy the old boxed editions from [...] or get the newest version...you'll like it a lot more.", 1.0
"3 of my friends' sons have had this tractor. All 3 have complained of the tires popping right off, exposing the wire that connects the 2 together. I figured maybe it was because they bought them from another retailer or something, maybe rough housing? Though our sons are 2, they're truly not rough with these much cherished Cars toys! :)", 1.0
"Anyway, bought mine from the Disney store for [...] 2 days later, after watching my son simply watch the movie w/the tractor, play randomly w/it- nothing crazy- the tire popped right off. Thank God I noticed before my other son, who is 15 months old!", 2.0
"Good luck with this one- I'm on my way to write the company on this disastrous & dangerous product- don't purchase is my advice, unless you want a sort of rental toy (it WILL break within days", 2.0
"I bought this puzzle for my kid after he solved the original cube.  I had read the review here and other places stating that one needed to be cautious when turning the puzzle.  However, our major problem with it was that the orange stickers (within ten minutes of playing with the cube) began to peel back and fall off.  We tried using glue (they had no stick to them) to put them back but it was not long after that the green stickers began curling back and falling off as well.", 2.0
"The major problem is that these turned out not to be "stickers" after all, but rather colored squares of vinyl adhereing to additional stickers beneath (all white) by means of static.  They fall off easily.", 1.0
"This is a nice puzzle for show (impressive on the desk) but not for actual continued use.  Hopefully, Rubik's can use proper stickers or adhesive in the future and maybe even tighten up the design so that this can be used as a fun puzzle", 2.0
"Great company - Terrible toy.  My daughter got this toy for Christmas and waited all day for daddy to bring home the 4 C batteries which were not included.  She was excited until we turned it on.  1) the frame is not secure and will open when you reach into the middle to change the picture disk.  2) the light is not very bright and will not work in mid-day light. 3) the image is quite small - only takes up the middle 3 inches of the paper - not even close to what is pictured on the box.  4) the clamps that hold the paper are not easy for tiny fingers to use.  5) because the small picture is in the middle of the page and the clamps are on the far edges, you can't shift the paper to re-use the paper.  You get one tiny picture in the middle of standard size piece of paper and its a waste.", 1.0
"The chalk board was fine - but the whole piece slides across the table when you push to draw.  Big disappointment.", 1.0
"Get some washable markers and some tracing paper and don't waste your money on this suprisingly junky toy", 2.0
"I have the same review as the rest.  Thankfully, we checked it out after we bought it and were able to return it for another model before Christmas.  The remote control Lightning McQueen with the regular controls (one lever for forward and back, another lever for right and left) was an excellent alternative.  I would recommend it for any child over about 3 1/2.", 1.0
"I WAS TORN AT WHAT REMOTE CONTROL CAR TO BUY MY 4 YEAR OLD SON.  THE SALES CLERK AT THE DISNEY STORE COULDN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS CAR, MY SON IS A HUGE "CARS" FAN--I WAS SOLD!!  IT NEVER WORKED, IT JUST JERKED A LITTLE BIT!  MY 2 YEAR OLDS FISHER PRICE CAR WORKS A LOT BETTER FOR A THIRD OF THE PRICE.  NOW I GOT THE BOYS FIGHTING OVER THE BABY CAR AND DON'T EVEN ASK FOR LIGHTNING MCQUEEN.  I AM GOING BACK TO THE STORE AND GET MY MONEY BACK.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS TOY!!  THANK YOU.", 1.0
"A one star rating for this toy is way to charitable. The car does nothing but jerk, and thats only when repeatedly hitting the button. Disney should be a shame of themselves for marketing this toy! Surely they had to have an idea about their product's poor performance. My advice is everyone should print off the reviews from Amazon and all like it. With this in hand, march into Disney stores and demand (1) their money back (2) an apology. The only thing less reliable than this was my 1991 GMC Jimmy", 1.0
"My son waited 8 hours to play with his "Lighning Mcqueen" only to be disappointed. This thing is way to expense to only jerk around my kitchen floor!  My only hope is I can return this dumpy car because my son tore into the box with excitement!  Shame on Disney.  DO NOT BUY", 1.0
"This toy is a piece of junk. I can't believe Disney actually did any testing whatsoever on this toy. An adult can't even get it to work. The car is supposed to sense the infrared light in front of it and follow, but all it does is jerk forward a teeny bit and then stop. If anything, it senses when the light clicks off and then it jerks forward a little bit. We read the instructions and saw that the car does not work well in bright lighting conditions so we took it down to the dark basement (as if my son should actually be expected to only play with this car in the dark!) but it didn't even work there.  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT on Christmas morning that we had to wait 8 hours for it charge, and then even BIGGER disappointment the next morning when we finally got to play with it and it didn't work. DO NOT BUY THIS TOY", 2.0
"We bought the watch for our 8-year-old granddaughter for Christmas. It ran for about a month then stopped. I tried a new battery twice new but no luck. Cute wristbands, nice concept but the watch itself doesn't make the grade.", 2.0
"Within the first hour of buying this product the second hand broke off and caused the hands not to turn.. was very flimsy and not well made.  I would not recommend this product to anyone unless you enjoy dissappointing your children!!!!!", 1.0
"While I certainly didn't expect these drum sticks to be whisper-quiet, I found them to be quite loud for little kids' ears. And there was no volume control. Also, I was hoping for a more authentic drum sound that I have found in other toys. I returned them", 2.0
"If you are a picky mom like me...i.e you DO NOT let your child watch "sponge bob" or "Scooby Doo" and you maybe even read Mothering Magazine, DO NOT get this book.", 2.0
"I didn't feel the jokes were appropriate, I guess I am a bit of a nerd about these things. It isn't funny to have a headless man poor beer/ale down the "hole" in his neck. They discussed murdering Shrek (hey leap pad, not age appropriate!!!!), and I didn't like to see "human" Shrek in chains fighting to get free (nor did my son).", 1.0
"They have "ugly" phrases that could have been more kid friendly, my son pointed out the ugly phrases, and snarled his nose at them saying "Mom, that was UGLY!".", 2.0
"I was dissappointed with this book, and I am taking mine back to the store.", 1.0
"I really like the leap frog system, even though I don't normally buy toys that require batteries...i.e the toys do something for the kid, instead I normally buy "old fashioned" natural toys where my son has to make the toys do stuff (blocks, leggos etc) BUT I REALLY love this system. It is a treat for my son to have an electronic toy so he really gets into Playing it and of course "accidently" learning.", 1.0
"I also didn't like the Hop on Pop leap book for similar reasons, even though the Dr. Suess part was great, the leap pad people added unneeded "ugly" phrases again that were just NOT age appropriate. Although I did like the minimal writing on most of the Dr. Suess pages.", 1.0
"I do like the regular "Leap" ones...moss lake etc, and the honey pot one with pooh bear.", 2.0
"Sorry to be so picky, if you are not picky you will probly like this book.", 1.0
"Ok so my daughter was 2 3/4 and not 3 (toy rated for age 3), but she loves Elmo and loves playing with this toy. It is somewhat loud an there is no volume control. Also after 4 months of use the pen stopped working, rendering the toy worthless. Also the binding is weak and my daughter has torn the sheets with normal use. So fun toy while it lasts", 1.0
"As the other reviewers stated, it's difficult for my 5 & 2-year-olds (& their Mommy) to figure out.  Also, it's made of a very cheap, flimsy plastic -- which seems to be the norm for a lot of the Hot Wheels tracks, etc. Terrible truck with such great potential", 2.0
"Our 3 year old son just loves Hot Wheels cars.  This transporter, however, is not one of his favorites.  It's easy to see why.  The back is difficult to lower, with it being controlled by a very small button on the bottom of the trailer.  Who ever thought of this design for a child?  It's also very easy for the child to accidentally get his fingers caught in the trailer when lowering it.", 1.0
"The cones and barrels are easily lost and the storage of them in the trailer is badly designed.  They have a small piece of plastic that "locks" in the barrels or cones which is impossible for a child to figure out.", 1.0
"I'd recommend passing on this toy if you have a child in the 3-5 year old range.", 2.0
"My grandson loved this toy because of the sounds and the lights.  A month later it wasn't working at all.  We thought it was the batteries and changed them, but sure enough nothing was working.  We called Tonka and then they passed us off to the company that manufactures them...P.S. I still haven't heard from them and it's been almost 5 months.  It's not worth the money!  I highly recommend you buy some other brand of firetruck for your lil'firefighter", 1.0
"My 9-yr old received this toy as a birthday present. Of course it looks COOL.  Against my better judgement of immediately returning it, we opened, played for 10 mins, got frustrated, and will now return it.  The boys were VERY patient adusting the straps properly to their bodies (it took 20 mins).  Seems like good quality wiring - I was afraid they'd pull at it while strapping in, but it didn't.  Must stand 10 feet away from each other (a good thing!).  The punch/block sounds are cool, but the boys got very confused trying to figure out who scored, what the lights on chestplate meant, etc.  It's possible that you must go slow and perhaps wait for 1 player to throw punch.  Then block.  Difficult for excited boys to be so choreographed and patient!  Block with opposite hand of partner's throwing punch hand WHILE squeezing a button on palm strap of your other hand.  There's some maneuvering to get used to.  But within 10 minutes, all sound/power went down, and we couldn't get it to recharge/work again.  It's supposed to recharge quickly so I don't know what the problem is.  Instructions say when nothing happens, change batteries...but 10 mins into game?   Hmmm.  Too frustrating for all the effort", 2.0
"I just purchased it for my 3 year old granddaughter for Christmas. My kids played with it 30 years ago and loved it!  I am so disappointed to read these negative reviews on it now. PLEASE...someone say something good about it!!!  I hate thinking that I wasted my $$$!!", 1.0
"My kids really liked it until it broke the next day. There was nothing we could do to fix it as it had an electronic problem", 1.0
"We bought this for our kids for Christmas. Of course we open the box on Christmas Eve at 10PM to put it together and there are no instructions! It looks easy but without instructions we are not sure about the pins etc. Could someone post the phone number of the company so we can call them. Tomorrow morning should be interesting!", 1.0
"Merry Christmas...", 1.0
"My daughter loved this toy but the microphone stopped working within a week of using it.  Now we are shopping for a wireless microphone", 1.0
"The "microscope" never worked at all. It is cheap plastic and very badly made. You get a few small pieces of indicator paper and a few bags of baking soda, citric acid and gelatin plus one prepared slide you will not be able to view with the "microsope".", 1.0
"Very disappointing. The Discovery Channel kits are better value. Don't waste your money on this kit", 2.0
"Extremely disappointing. Bought the toy for my son for Christmas. It didn't come with the battery ($30 extra) and the battery is still sold out everywhere, including online, almost a month later.", 1.0
"Don't bother. There are lots of other great RC toys out there", 2.0
"It wroke 2 minutes later after openning, my husbund try to fixed but surprice all the inside partes are "plastic" you can`t fixed. DO NOT WAIST YOUR MONEY", 1.0
"TALK ABOUT A WASTE OF MONEY.  FIRST OF ALL WHAT IS TYCO THINKING.  $70 FOR THE TOY AND YOU HAVE TO BUY THE BATTERY PACK SEPARATELY?!?!?!", 1.0
"NOT TO MENTION I COULD NOT FIND THE BATTERY PACK ANYWHERE.  ALL THE STORES WERE SOLD OUT. ALL WEB SITES (TOYS R US, KAYBEE TOYS, ETC) WERE SOLD OUT.  ALL OTHER SITES (SPECIALTY HOBBY SHOPS) HAD THEM AT RIDICULUOUS PRICES, WHICH DID NOT INCLUDE SHIPPING.", 1.0
"I FINALLY FOUND IT AT AMAZON.COM AT A REASONABLE PRICE AND I OPTED FOR THEIR FREE SHIPPING WHICH TOOK LONGER THAN I WOULD HAVE LIKED BUT AT LEAST THEY HAVE THAT MONEY SAVING OPTION WHICH HELPS.", 1.0
"MY SON PLAYED WITH IT ONCE AND HATED IT.  IT WAS HIS # 1 CHOICE ON HIS X-MAS LIST.  TALK ABOUT A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT FOR US BOTH", 1.0
" I purchased this for about $20.00.  And I followed the directions carefully. Despite that, a coin slipped into the mechanism.  There was no way to remove it, even though I tried that as carefully as possible.", 1.0
"I threw the device in the trash.  I did keep the plastic tubes that the holds the coins, and I now separate coins by hand. The advantage of the tubes is that they hold exactly the right number of coins, so you avoid counting them", 2.0
"I had this this a couple years ago and it kept jamming on me", 1.0
"I recently purchased this pad set for my #22 Radio Flyer Wagon, but had to send them back.  If you check the Radio Flyer web site, you'll notice that the #22 Wagon sides only have two wide slats.  When I received this pad set, I noticed the picture on the package shows a wagon with three narrow slats.  The loops to attach this set of pads are intended to be affixed to the center slats.  Since my wagon only has two slats, and they are wider, the loops were in the wrong spot and weren't big enough to fit around the slats on my wagon.  I'm only guessing, but I think these might be for an older model of wagon", 1.0
"Just received my Original Big Wheel for my son and the axle that holds the back wheels on is not in the box.  I call customer service and left a message on their recorder that the part was missing.  Went to the website for faster service................ After you fill out the information, it tells you that you will have to wait 3 or 4 weeks due to high demand.  Try telling this to your kid when he is watching feverishly as you open the box.  Looks like the parts were just thrown into the box without proper packaging.  Thumbs down until I can get the parts to repair", 1.0
"My son expected the tie to be maroon and it is definately purple so we were extremely disappointed and returned it! Amazon was VERY prompt in refunding out money", 1.0
"This "game" is so disappointing. My nephew loves Spiderman. He needs fun and subtle cues to stay engaged. He was so excited to get this his first LMAX cartridge we could barely get the box open fast enough. We popped it in and had to wait until the commercials or very long intro completed. Then we had to blindly navigate through the screens to get to games. They were NOT intuitive and then THUD. He lost interest and has not returned to the LMax since. What an absolute waste of money.", 1.0
"I played this at a friend's party, and it was a wretched party game. It basically consists of a person reading the puzzle in a monotone voice and allowing everyone else to attempt to figure it out. It is incredibly monotonous, and a throughly awful game to play at a party.", 1.0
"I admire its cleverness. It took a lot of creativity and know-how to make up these challenging puzzles. But for the sake of all your guests, I emplore you: Hide this boring game. Hide it as well as possible.", 1.0
"The painful thing is that out of a choice between Mad Gab and Lost: The Game my friend chose Mad Gab. It's sad, really", 2.0
"What a disaster.  It takes too long.  Then you get a tiny gross little blob of "cotton candy".  It is quite a mess to clean.  Then the kids will cry because it is not at all what they expect and are so disappointed.  My 5 year old wants to know how Santa's elves made such a "stinky, bad toy".  Expect to be disappointed with this one", 1.0
"We used the machine once, and were disappointed by the performance.  The second time that we attempted to use it, it wouldn't heat.  After contacting Roseart, I was told that I could ship it to them at my expense for a replacement.  I will probably not bother, as it was a lousy product to begin with.", 2.0
"It was neat to be able to make "cotton candy" at home, however, the machine only makes a very small amount at a time, so it is a lot of work for not much enjoyment. It takes an adult to run the machine and watch over it since it gets hot. then it cools for almost 10 minutes. It doesn't even come with the sugar needed! The product should list it on the outside of the box..sugar not included! then you have to clean it (ADULT only)It would not buy it again.This review will not mark a 1 for educational value. It keeps giving it a 2 and I put a one (FYI", 1.0
"I bouht this object and I think I would of rather bought a doll or something. I brought it home and it didnt work at all so we returned it and the next one was worse!! We folloed all the instructions and the sugar that we poured in didnt stick to the stick. even worse, the store wont let us return it because they say thats how they all work.", 1.0
"it makes cotton candy in 30 minutes because  it has to warm for 10 minutes then it have to put put the suger in the middle then wait til becomes webby then wait agian to turn it off.", 1.0
"PARENTS THIS MACHINE DOSEN'T WORK ONLY MADE WITH SUGER THATS ALL IT IS AND ALSO IT TAKES FOREVER ? THINK BEFORE YOu BUY  YOUR CHILDREN WILL GET CAVITIES YOU WILL ALSO SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS INSTEAD OF FOOD OR OTHER NEED", 2.0
"With five kids under the age of 9 and four Leapsters in the house, there is rarely a time when someone isn't playing one (if not all!) of them. We have about 10 of the cartridges, and this was the most disappointing (followed closely by Spiderman). There simply isn't enough for them to do with it. The beauty of the Leapster is the ability to interact with the games, and learn while they do it. Watching a video on a 2 inch screen just doesn't cut it.", 1.0
"Purchased these diapers(6/pack) and was blown awary at the cost. Took the advice of other reviews and purchased "premee" diapers.  Try to cut the cost and maybe other Moms and Grandmas will purchase your product", 2.0
"Battery is way overpriced. Contact Battery Store near you! I did and found this same exact battery type(2-6volt Batteries) for much less. While there they told me I could use a low amp 12v Deep Cycle battery instead. It did take some time wiring (FUSED LINK IS A MUST) but is well worth it. Lasts all day and you can charge it at a 2 amp "trickle charge" with a "amp selectable" car battery charger. All told it cost me less than $60 for everything. It now longer just "Takes Up Space"", 1.0
"Let's see. You need two different batteries AND two different sized screwdrivers. So after buying the 9V for the remote control and searching for a long enough screwdriver to open the bus to put in the double As... I turned it on.", 1.0
"*HONK!*HONK!*", 1.0
"It's loud. Really loud. Ugh", 2.0
"My 3 year old has 8 Vsmile games and this is his least favorite. His top 2 favorite is Toy story and Winnie the Pooh", 1.0
"I loved the concept of the markers. However they have left a greasy stain on my daughters clothing!! The package said that they didn't stain! I called and they gave me a long process to try and remove including Tide with Bleach..Is that one of their subsidiaries? I was very disappointed", 1.0
"MY GIRLS GOT THIS PUZZLE FOR CHRISTMAS. THE FIRST TIME THEY WERE PLAYING WITH IT I NOTICED SOMETHING IN MY DAUGHTERS MOUTH. THE ITEMS THAT WERE ON THE PUZZLE PIECE HAD CAME OFF WHICH HAD A SCREWS AND WASHERS THAT WERE HOLDING THEM ON. THREE OF THE FIVE PUZZLE PICECS HAD THE ITEM COME OFF AND WE HAD ABOUT TEN SCREWS AND TEN WASHERS. THEY ARE SUCH SMALL PIECES WHICH I WAS SO SHOCKED THAT THIS PUZZLE WAS EVEN MADE THIS WAY. I JUST WANTED ANY PARENT WHO HAS THIS PUZZLE OR IS THINKING OF BUYING IT TO BE CAREFUL AND MAKE SURE THE ITEMS ARE ATTACHED TEH CORRECT WAY. I HAVE CONTACTED CONSUMERS AFFAIRS TO LOOK INTO HAVING THIS PUZZLE RECALLED. HOPE THIS WILL HELP ANOTHER CHILD FROM BEING HURT", 1.0
"I agree with the other reviews.  My four year old received the ranch as a birthday gift - none of the pieces stay together - at all.  How do you explain why the gate won't hold together - why the horse won't stand up, why the barn doors keep falling off - and what do I say to the gift giver when they see it", 1.0
"What a super-cheap rip-off of the original Rubik's Cube that was introduced to us in the mid-'70's. Seems like every doctor's office, break room,friend's basement,etc. had one of these cubes to kill time with. Main reason that I, personally didn't like this modern version was that after the first day or two, the colored stickers start to peel off. The Rubik's Cube HAD it's day. In this high-tech age, I cannot see many kids having any interest in this item. They might actually have to 'use' their brain. PLEASE don't bring back the Pet Rock", 1.0
"We got this when our son was about 4 months old and at first he did love it. There was a slight rubber\plastic smell with everything in the Tub Time tub but we thought it would fade with time. Well six months later the smell was still there and our son ended up stop playing with most of the bath toys except the squirting bath buddies.We did all the precautionary steps to keep the bath toys clean yet they grew mold in a very short amount time.", 1.0
"The Playtime tub toys were good except the teething sailing boats which also had the rubber smell. Plus the stacking tubs do not make practical storage because the lids are too flimsy.", 1.0
"There are some good points with this product but I feel it is not worth the $35 price tag. Guess that's why it was on clearance at the store. It was the combination of quality and price that made me give it only 2 stars.", 1.0
"I bought this toy for my sons 3rd birthday. He likes it, but the bean bucket is really light and only takes one or two beans to tip it. He does not seem to mind because he is so young,but as he gets older I do not think this will be one of his favorites. I have a feeling this one will be sitting in the closet", 1.0
"This item was not at all what is seems to be.  The box was the only durable part of the toy.  I unfortuantely purchased 3 of these as Christmas gifts for 3 different boys ages 5 & 6 years old.  After seeing them open and what was in the box, I was very disappointed", 1.0
"My 6 year old son wanted this SO badly from Santa.  Well, he got it and it is sitting in his bedroom and has been there since the 28th of Dec.  What was a fun attention grabber initially became a boring, furry annoyance rather quickly. It is cute but there are several things that I (and my son) found wrong with the product. When he is supposed to be sleeping his eyes don't close all the way...kind of creepy especially for something that looks so real! Then his arms that move up and down and are supposed to close in an attempt to give you a hug make a HORRIBLE grinding noise!  My son was shocked by the grinding and got upset that his monkey was broken. I explained it away by saying that he probably just needed a backrub.  What else are you going to tell a child on Christmas morning when his first choice present turns out to be a bummer?!", 1.0
"Cute toy in theory, not so much in person though. I would not recommend this toy", 2.0
"This pirate chest is a total rip off.  The chest is cheaply made and the contents inside are minimal.  When I ordered it as a gift for someone, they sent me someone else's order....then refused to let me return my item for a refund when I finally received it.  The company was very rude and not helpful in the mix up at all.", 1.0
"The game has a nice concept, IF IT WORKED. I've been trying since christmas(over 3 months) to connect this game to the internet to update it for my kids and finally was able to update the firmware today. Something that you will have to do to be able to get to the virtual worlds,BUT THE WEB SITE IS ALWAYS DOWN!!!!! EXPERANCING TECHNICAL PROBLEMS!!!  and the nice window that pop's up on the home page from the Chief, asking for suggestions goes to a bad link!!!", 1.0
"I only gave it 1 star because the review process doesn't have a 0 stars.", 1.0
"DON'T WASTE ANY MONEY ON THIS THING!!!!", 1.0
"This product is a waste of time! Don't bother. The handheld game is entertaining for my daughter, but connecting it online via the website is frustrating to say the least! Once connected, we walked around the "virtual world" with nothing to do. It is too complicated for my 8 yr old to do alone. There are much better products out there for children that are similar, but easier to play with. I would suggest Webkinz or Neopets. These 2 sites are very kid friendly and have educational games to play, unlike the Muichiz site! Good luck..", 2.0
"This toy can't be unsed unless you go online and "update" it.  We have spent countless hours trying to "update" this toy - and ther is always a problem.  The website is down or some other technical problem.  Then IF the website is up - you go through the whole process and the toy still does not update - so it is unusable!  It is a complete waste of money", 1.0
"Don't waste your time on this thing until they fix the bugs. We bought the Bratz one & it thought it was a Pawz when we took it online. After 10 or so total hours (Yes, I know what I'm doing) fighting it I gave up & took it back. Tech support is a joke. There's NOTHING in the manual or online help, only a link to tech support who sends the exact same auto response every time, and none of those responses addresses the issue.", 1.0
"I purchased this for my eight year old niece. We were both disappointed when it broke after only two weeks.  Be prepared to have limited options for fun without downloading it on your computer. The program takes up a lot of memory on your computer's hard drive", 1.0
"The seller shipped promptly but the merchandise disappointed ... materials/workmanship not so hot; my husband stuck his hand all the way through a side panel while setting it up.  Since there was no taking it back from our 2-year-old after he saw it, he now has a tent with an extra window in it.  Child is delighted with the toy, parent is not delighted with durability", 1.0
"The parts of this set are not well made - light, flimsy plastic. The highlight of the set, the battery-operated hairdryer, worked for a few seconds and then never again, even with fresh batteries - I suspect due to poor connection. The cover for the battery compartment was badly made and didn't sit well. The rest of the items included are nothing to write home about either. I bought this for a Christmas present for my dd and sent it back for a refund", 2.0
"The board for this game is a pain...half the time the tiles that cover the letters stick.  It takes forever and a day to look in the book, locate the letters' locations, and uncover them too.  I love Wheel of Fortune, but you're better off playing a computerized version where you don't have all the hassle", 2.0
"I don't know who Dark Wolf is, but he must have shares in the company who makes these mini-rubber chickens.", 1.0
"These are some of the ugliest, cheesiest and most poorly manufactured novely items I have ever seen.", 2.0
"Do yourself a favour.  Get something else", 1.0
"You'd be crazy to pay this price for a $3.50 toy. Don't support the greed of this vendor! Let him sit on these a while and you'll be amazed how quick the price will drop", 1.0
"Do not buy at this price. Ridiculous!!!  Just bought this car on ebay for 8.99.  And bought another very rare one("Mr The King") for $10.00.  These sellers are nuts!", 1.0
"All the above comments are SO TRUE! I can't believe the prices on Amazon. I too have been running back and forth to Walmart, Kohls, KB Toys trying to get the whole collection. I Am also missing Chick.. But, I won't resort to these tactics. The normal selling price is $3.99 - these sellers should be ashamed!!!", 1.0
"Why Should I buy anything from Amazon when they Allow Price Gouging by third-party retailers", 2.0
"FOR $50, THE SCANNER NEEDS TO WORK CONSISTENTLY.  WE WERE ABLE TO GET THE ORANGE JUICE TO SCAN 3 TIMES ALTHOUGH WE'VE ATTEMPTED TO SCAN EVERY ITEM PROBABLY A DOZEN TIMES EACH.  NOT ONLY CAN A 4 YEAR OLD NOT GET IT TO SCAN BUT NO ADULT THAT HAS TRIED CAN GET IT TO SCAN.  I CAN'T RETURN THIS ITEM QUICK ENOUGH.  WITHOUT THE WORKING SCANNER, I WOULD BE JUST AS HAPPY WITH THE $8 GENERIC SHOPPING CART THAT TRU SELLS.", 1.0
"I recently purchased the Magic Touch N' Crawl Pooh as a Christmas gift for my best friend's 7 month old little boy.  I was so excited to read the rave reviews (with only one mentioning a mechanical sound).  To my dismay and disappointment when Pooh arrived and was started, he sounded like a car wreck was occuring every time he turned his head!  I was extremely disappointed and promptly returned him.  (I must note that Amazon.com does make returning a purchase extremely easy.)  Please be aware of this terrible sound that is much louder than the music that plays when considering purchasing this product", 1.0
"i hate to write a bad review- i think it's actually the first one i've ever written. this was a gift from my husband's work christmas party for our 2-year old. the extension on the pole is a stiff plastic piece and doesn't stay extended so that you can catch the fish; it folds back on itself. so our son wasn't able to catch anything with it. it would be better if the extension didn't bend at all, but just stayed in one place, and even if it did that i wouldn't buy it. it's more fun to have a pole with a string so you can reel it in", 2.0
"These are great little toys, and my three year old is obsessed with them! He's getting most of them for Christmas, but we've already bought him a few. They're die cast, so they are a good weight, but note that some of them have plastic pieces as well.", 1.0
"Even though I like these toys, I'm only giving them two stars. This is a horrible price!! I honestly bought Sally today at my local K-Mart, and it was on sale for $2.89 (normally $3.19). Now I know when items are scarce and in high demand their price goes up, but this is a crazy markup. I understand that this is a third party seller, but Amazon should note with their sellers that there is a difference between mark up for high demand toys and rip offs. I have purchased Chick Hicks ($9.50) and Lizzie ($5.00) off of eBay, but I've been able to find the rest of the cars at my local Targets, Wal-Marts, K-Marts, etc. It takes time and searching, but it beats paying these prices", 1.0
"Although this new release from Barbie looks very much like the real life singer, the doll itself is not something I would recommend for a child under 12. The doll is dressed pretty sccantilly and is adorned with realistic jewlerly.  It also comes with a bracelet appropriate for a teen.  The short hair of this doll and tight clothing does not lend itself to childs play and is more suited to a serious doll collector or McBride fan", 1.0
"I bought her because martina mcbride is my favorite singer and then my lil sis gotm madded and she chopped of the head", 2.0
"~7 year old", 2.0
"This lite-Brite is a piece of junk! Don't wast your money! Maybe if I weren't comparing it to the older one I would think it was ok but even then I am not sure. I loved my lite-brite as a kid and wanted to get my daughter one so she could have as much fun as I did with mine.This has not left the box since the first day. First all of the screens where you stick the pegs are white not black like the old one so without the refill sheets it is useless.Also without the refill sheets the pegs are too big and they do not stay in.This was very frustrating! Even with the sheets sometimes they still fall out! I am really unhappy with this purchase and I can usually find something about a toy I like but not this one. I just didn't want anyone to be deceived into thinking that the screens were black and you could  make your own "art"", 1.0
"I got this for my 6 and 3 year olds.  They both really like it (3 year old needs help remembering which letter goes with which color).  Of course they used up the 8 designs in the first 2 days.  Hasbro.com does carry refill packs, but the website is so bad that it is hard to find them.  Don't bother searching on the word "refill"! There is a form you can print out and then mail in, but this is kind of ridiculous both in waiting and in price.  The form is under replacement parts, but it doesn't even identify what you are buying.  After digging around, I  deduced that it was refill sheets: I think 10 pictures for 6.99 including some bonus pegs?  There is an after-market web site where you can instantly purchase downloadable pictures 13 for 4.95, but you actually print them (including the black background!) on your own printer with your own ink!  Ouch.  Hasbro really disappointed me on this one.  They shuld have included at least 20 pictures with the item and should sell 40 packs replacements online for about 5.00.  Thumbs up to the toy.  Thumbs down to Hasbro.  Also, the light bulb on mine flickers all the time as if it is about to short out", 1.0
"I bought LeapPad Plus Writing on impulse at the store, wanting to help my son with writing, phonics, etc.", 1.0
"He used it a few times, but I almost have to beg for him to use it...and that's sad. I wish I would have gotten the original LeapPad or perhaps even the Leapster.", 1.0
"For one thing, the book doesn't recognize all pencil movements. A child could make an incorrect number or letter, and it doesn't seem that the LeapPad would recognize it. Also, the child has to keep erasing over and over, providing limited usage.", 2.0
"Not only that, there are only a few books published with LeapPad Writing in mind, and the exercises are repetitive (e.g. writing the number 6 ten times).", 1.0
"I've bought quite a few LeapPad books and Quantum Pad books for my son, and he is just not interested after initial use. I'm sure he's learned a little bit of phonics using the phonics books and such, but I think he learns more from workbooks bought at a bookstore or a department store--and they're cheaper! Not only that LeapPad books are very short...much shorter than workbooks you can buy.", 2.0
"Considering that LeapPad books are usually around $15 a pop--and that Amazon doesn't carry/list them all and there is a VERY limited selection in Stuff Mart-type stores (at least, that's the case in my geographical area)--you may want to re-consider investing in the LeapPad system.", 1.0
"Our family has the original LeapPad, and recently purchased a LeapPad Plus Writing.  I must say that there is no comparison between the two products, and the original LeapPad system is by far superior.  My kid love playing LeapPad, however the addition of a graphite pencil is a mess!  Once the pages are written on, you can never get them completely clean, and also younger kids have a hard time erasing it all together.  If we were to do it all over again, we would have purchased a second LeapPad system, and not bothered with the "Plus Writing"", 2.0
"Just received one for my son's birthday. He loves it as he has a laptop like daddy. The quality is terrible, like another user's experience the right side of the device doesn't work properly and this is brand new. Apparently the sensors on the device don't line up properly with the go circles or volume icons on pages with them on the right side. I can't exchange it as I am not in the US so we can only play with half a book unless we experiment with finding where the right side sensors actually are. This of course is very frustrating to a 3 yr old as it really messes up alot of stuff.", 2.0
"Also the type of pencil seems rally sharp and brittle for a 4 yr old.  PS the box says for 4-8 yr olds vs Amazons text of less than 4 by the manufacturer", 1.0
"i though i hated yu-gi-oh because mostly everyone i played against summoned like a dark magician without even sacrificing  weird right :( so instead i bought the computer yugi the destiny 2 learn how 2 play im a very good duelist now  because i have 2 god cards obelisk and shining dragon so i bought this deck and i found this deck was unstoppable", 1.0
"This is a great starter deck for any duelist.  With just a few booster packs this deck will become unstopable!  After only a few days of practice with this deck I had beaten all of my friends who had been dueling for months.", 1.0
"My 2 year old already has the items on the puzzle pieces memorized after seeing them only 3 times.  Our version did not include the "5 ways to play" as stated on the box.  (I've requested a copy from Briarpatch.)  My 4 year old - who received the gift - lost interest after the first time he played.  Both of my boys LOVE the "I Spy" and "Can You See What I See" books.  This game just wasn't challenging enough for them", 1.0
"My daughter (3 at the time) received this as a Christmas present and it took her all of 10 minutes to memorize where the pieces belong thus ending the usefulness of the game.  The game itself only comes with 12 puzzle pairs (24 total pieces).  I would avoid this game entirely.", 2.0
"I gave this to my fiance for Christmas, who loves Sudoku and video games, so I thought it would be a brilliant combination.  He was excited, but has been frustrated by how not easy it is to play.  He can't always tell where the cursor is on the board, so if he sets it down for a minute, he can't see where's he's left off.  Then when he was playing in the semi-dark while we were on a train, he couldn't see anything either (backlight would be a nice feature).  It just seems this model is not designed very intuitively: he keeps wanting to press clear to change a number, but it clears the game.  all that to say, 2 million puzzles sounds great...unless it's too frustrating to play", 1.0
" This particular Sudoku handheld was not as expected. It has only basic functions and the person I purchased for said it is easier just to do Sudoku on line or in the newspaper or in a puzzle book. Really inconvenient functions. May be good for young children, but not adults", 1.0
"I bought this for my daughter's 1st birthday after seeing an ad for the entire set of Chicco Happy Garden products.  My daughter loves the Little Tikes set that is at her daycare and this looked similar but much cuter.  The eggplant has been a bit of a disappointment.  She would sit on it and rock for a few seconds at first but would quickly lose interest.  Now that we have had the eggplant for 3 months, it has been completely shoved aside.  It just doesn't rock much.  I can't imagine a child over 1 wanting to play with it.  The eggplant has very little curve to it and is pretty boring. I would stick to the Little Tikes set.", 1.0
"This is the grossest blob of sugary water ever to touch my lips! How could you make ice cream taste so rotten? Bat barf I say!! Even if it was good, it is much too great of a hassle! It took my Dad over 2 hours to put together, and what did we get?! A tablespoon of milky water with sprinkles on top! I got this hunk of junk 2 years ago, Christmas. It has gathered dust on my shelf ever since!", 2.0
"the kid who wrote the 5 star reveiw is wrong. he needs to go to preschool. first, the pagages arent free, if they didnt come w/the maker no one would buy it. second, this kid says it cant get any better, but it cant get any worse!!!! the 1 star reveiws say to go to mc donalds if you want a mc flurry, but dont go there and support them thats just what they want you to do so they can earn more money!! go to DQ or just make one yourself. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PEICE OF JUNK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 1.0
"My daughter wanted this for Christmas more than anything.  But the doll is very difficult to use.  Suzie has these sudden shutdowns where she turns off for no apparent reason.  Then suddenly she'll come back to life later.  She "grows" almost instantly.  Despite my best efforts to try and protect the grow button.  I reset her constantly.  Getting her to do all of the fun "big girl" things she is suppossed to do  is frustrating for my five year old.  Essentially, I have spent more time fiddling with Suzie than my daughter has spent playing with her.  And the face paint came off almost immediately.  Even with the small amount of time that she has been working.  Perhaps when my daugter is a little older, she can spend time fiddling with her.  She does play with her as just a "baby doll" so it hasn't been a total waste.  But I certainly didn't need to spend the extra money for all of the electronics that don't work.  Oh, and sometimes I'll walk into my daughters room and she'll suddenly "wake up" and start saying MaMa.  Very horror movieish.", 1.0
"I purchase this by the picture inside it shows little closet type places and a bar for hanging clothes, none if this is there, its cute but I would not recommand this procduct.  the picture of the inside is false. It's not even close.", 2.0
"Thanks to those of you who reviewed this..I WON'T waste my money.  I too remember the good old days when the clasp was metal and you could load up the case and it stayed shut.  I'll stick to plastic tubs that click closed and allow you to see inside.  Too bad Barbie/Mattel is missing a great money-maker by going cheap on quality", 2.0
"I purchased two of these cases for my daughters, ages 5 and 7, but we were all disappointed with them.  It supposedly holds 3 barbies and their accessories, but they are hard to close if you put that much stuff in.  They also come apart everytime the girls open them, and they are hard for the girls to put back together.  They are good for keeping all the little Barbie accessories out of the way.  I just wish they were better quality.  A friend of mine has a soft plastic case for her daughter (with a zipper), and she says it is great, but I have not been able to find that item anywhere", 1.0
"I found this toy to be a waste of money.  It was hard for my five year old to close or put more than two things in it.  It says it holds three barbie's and cloths but then how do you close it", 1.0
"My cousin bought this for my daughter thinking she would have hours of fun making braclets and necklaces. However, she can not even use the gift.  You need to buy the Totally Beadifully Jewelry Maker to use this kit.  No where in the online description of this toy on Amazon does it tell you this.  Toy is being returned b/c we don't have the bead maker", 1.0
"All the cut shapes are the same, so it's very easy for my 3-1/2 year old to force pieces in the wrong place. The pieces also seem thin and flimsy. The coolest thing about the puzzle is the lunchbox/carrycase. All in all, the quality is much less than I expect from Ravensburger .", 1.0
"The Ravensburger "Thomas Giant Floor Puzzle (24 Pc)" is a far superior product, but no longer complex enough for my kid", 1.0
"My 7 year old son received the Giga Ball for Christmas. It was a big hit. He and all of his cousins had a great time with it for several hours. Unfortunately, the very next day, it pretty much fell apart. I didn't expect it would last very long, but had hoped that it would last more than one day", 2.0
"What a waste of time to air this up.  It developed leaks in less time to it took to enter the credit card info to order it.  This was the worst gift because it had such a high expectation but turned into the biggest disappointment.  The vinyl was so thin that rolling it over normal bermuda grass created holes from small seed pods and sticks.  Save your money..", 1.0
"This toy looks great in the ad but it took us 2 hours to blow  the dozen or so chambers up.  The instructions were terrible.  You have to force too much air into one chamber so that it will go into the next.  The chambers do not stay inflated and some don't work at all.  My son does still have fun with it but I wouldn't buy it again", 1.0
"My son received this as a gift when he was 15 months old--He was already much too tall for the toy!  The box advertizes height adjustment, which simply allows you to lift it up about a half an inch.  However, even if he were smaller, the base does not even come close to providing the necessary stability to stand up to even a soft swing!  My son was amused by the lights and sounds for a brief period of time, but quickly lost complete interest in the toy.", 2.0
"The only good thing about this kit is that your child can get some joy out of painting a few volcanoes on a cheap plastic sheet.  But the real promise of this kit--to see a model volcano erupt--may not be fulfilled.  We followed all the steps and got tripped by a poorly designed base (above mentioned cheap plastic sheet) that is extremely difficult to balance on 4 ill-fitting stilts.  A poor experience for the kids.  The eruption was more of a fizzle.  Waste of money and time", 1.0
"My little brother received this toy as a present, and constantly had problems just keeping the toy together. He barely had any fun with it, since it fell apart most of the time. My brother is generally good with toys, and he has fun with practically anything, but this toy proved to be the exception. You could buy something much more fun for the same amount of money", 2.0
"If you are planning on getting a good deck then do not waste your time with this..it has the essentials, sure, but your money is better spent at one of the 4 "STRUCTURE DECKS"!! They are much better than this..I can say so beacuse my sis owns this deck and I can beat her every time :) Konami needs to put some better stuff in this deck - like Senju of the Thousand Hands X 2. Also they need to take away the change of heart since it's "advanced" forbidden. but still, this deck deserves an OK rating since it has all the essentials..this is no better than the first yugi starter deck. So if you ALREADY have a starter deck, do not get this as it is not worth it - a lot of weak non effect monsters.", 1.0
"I recieved the car and set it up according to the manufacturers  instructions and it didn't work! I contacted the manufacturer and they mailed me a shipping return label and I returned it to them. I am awaiting a new or fixed car back from them", 1.0
"This car pictured could be a BASE or First Version defintely not worth 299.00 These are going for 100.00 and less on the web.", 1.0
" If you havent noticed the differences in the packaging it wouldnt suprise me. Lots of people dont notice. Heres the differences below...", 2.0
"On these 5 cars there is TWO versions of each driver(5 different drivers) that were made. First versions or BASE version and Second versions or "Added Features" Version.", 2.0
"The FIRST versions have NO "added features" stickers and you CANNOT race ANY TWO (or more) cars of the 5 different drivers' cars at the same time! Dale Sr. and Dale Jr.,  Jeff Gordon, Jimmie Johnson and Tony Stewart cars of the FIRST versions (no added features) CANNOT race together! Transmitter frequencys cannot be changed. Speed and steering are straight function. (no varilable anything) They either turn right FULL turn or left FULL turn or it goes straight. Speed is either it goes FULL ON or it doesnt. Same for reverse gear.", 1.0
" Again, each of the 5 different drivers' cars made are two different versions of the same car one has more features than the other.", 1.0
"UPDATED or "ADDED FEATURES" versions have "ADDED FEATURES" stickers.", 1.0
" Those "Added Features" are...", 1.0
"Digital proportional steering (variable steering), which means you can turn the transmitter wheel slightly and the car turns a little. Turn the transmitter wheel alot and the car turns alot.", 1.0
"Variable speed control  this means you pull back on the trigger a little the car moves a little, pull back on the trigger all the way and the car takes off! This also works for reverse gears as well", 1.0
"Now if this isnt cool enough...", 1.0
"Each "Added Features" car has  DIFFERENT Frequencies for different drivers' car.  The transmitters for the cars are different as well. "ADDED FEATURES" version transmitter has two "trim" adjustments on the back of the remote as well as the Frequency Chip on the side of the remote than can be changed, and can also be changed on the chassis of the car. So if you own 2 of the Tony Stewart cars, you would have to have a Frequency pack to race them at the same time. Now, two or more different drivers' cars can race together (or Five people can race 5 different cars). NO TWO ALIKE CARS can race together UNLESS you have the "frequency of another car and transmitter"  to change it, or a "Frequency Pack" from Team Up Inc.", 1.0
"ALL 5 Frequency Chips DO NOT come with the car in the box, off the shelf. This "Frequency pack" is sold seperately!", 1.0
"You can also purchase tires, suspension parts and body hold down clips, fully painted and ready to use new spare OR other drivers' teams bodies, extra rechargeable battery packs seperately!", 2.0
" I have done lots of research on these cars and should you have any questions please ask...nascarnbroncosfans@msn.co", 2.0
"Anxiously awaited this very expensive box of cards mostly for the special insert cards but there was only the Autograph card and NO MEMORABILIA CARD. You cannot realize the disappointment one feels when this happens. You look and look, searching through the wrappers and identify each card hoping that you missed it somehow, but no. No Memorabilia Card as promised right on the box and in all advertised articles. Of course, the Topps Company doesn't have a website for me to complain to but this did turn out to be a surefire way to find another hobby!  Thanks.", 2.0
"This toy does not work.  I do not recommend it.  There is no quality to the workmanship.  A total disappointmen", 1.0
"This is not really a practical toy. My son gets discouraged, because you have to press on the keys really hard and in order to follow the music you have to be rough. It's like playing musical chairs with 5 bullies and a moving floor", 1.0
"The doll is ok, not as good as one expect after seeing it online. Anyway, for 6$ (including shiping) is worth", 2.0
"I had to return this product for my son because I couldn't get  his name which is unique. If they make a product they should have something on it to make unique names by typing it in if it's not on the list. I mean there are more and more unique name sout there and there sure will be more. If i was a rich person I am sure I could have had one made just for him. Get witht the real world people and make things so unique people can have things too.", 1.0
"My 5-1/2 year old son received this for Christmas.  He loves pirates and legos, so it seemed a perfect fit.  We were wrong!", 1.0
"The Mega Bloks are poorly made, and it's very difficult (even for an adult) to get the pieces to stay together.  Imagine how frustrating this is for a child.....we will never purchase Mega Bloks products again, we're sticking to the original LEGOs!", 1.0
"Nothing more satisfying than spending money on a gift that makes your child scream and cry in frustration...thanks MegaBloks", 1.0
"I bought this as a gift for my nephew. Unfortunately it didn't work when it arrived, but fortunately my sister in law was able to take it to a local discovery store and exchange it for one that worked fine", 1.0
"I bought these for my 13-year old niece, who loves percussion, and was so excited to get them for Christmas. They looked like a great buy.", 1.0
"Well, the disappointment was palpable two hours later. We got them hooked up, installed appropriate batteries etc., and the light was on, but we could not get any sound from the drumsticks at all. Which was a bummer, but OK, if we could simply either (1) get help or (2) easily replace them.", 1.0
"Nope.  The "instructions" were a tiny folded sheet of paper, there is absolutely no troubleshooting, no help, no nothing.  I went through everything that came with them but could find anything to help us on next steps or returns, etc.  I finally retrieved the original plastic packaging and found a URL in tiny letters for the company. But when I went there, the site again offered no help, tips, or troubleshooting (just a PDF of the really awful original instructions).", 2.0
"There is video on the website showing someone playing the drumsticks but this was no help to us in trying to troubleshoot (except to mildly disappoint my niece when she realized that you have to drum "in the air" to get the best results -- which we did try, with no luck or sound, again).", 2.0
"I next e-mailed the company and got no response. I e-mailed them again and -- seven days later -- the e-mail (in badly worded English) simply asked me if we had tried "plugging in the head phones." Seriously.", 1.0
"Anyway, do NOT waste your money. A terrible product, no support, and no recourse if it doesn't work as it should", 1.0
"The videos are not useable except in the Leapfrog Leapster.  I did not know that until I received the order!  Thanks alot Leapfrog.", 1.0
"The hide n seek care bear really wasn't all it was made out to be. My kids played with it, with my husband, on Christmas, and they all gave up after 5 minutes. It was giving out wrong directions, and just wasn't really a good substitute for a game of hide and seek. So my girls forgot about the remote control and play with the doll like it's an ordinary stuffed animal--an rather expensive stuffed animal", 2.0
"Spongebob IS  making an obscene gesture.  Personally, I don't think it is an appropriate toy for children.  Anyone that thinks Spongebob is merely "pointing" a finger shouldn't be so naive as to how toys are marketed and the moral decline of our society!!", 1.0
"It is just like Mr. Potato Head except not as many pieces.  There aren't very many options to dress SBSP, but he is always a fun toy.  After a year of play, he is a little torn at the edges, but overall in good shape.", 1.0
"I should have paid more attention to the reviews. He is top heavy. There's also no way to store the extra parts like Mr. Potato Head. But I love Spongebob anyway and he's now a part of my collection.", 1.0
"Kids played it one time and haven't touched it since.  Bought the extra tower attachment which was a complete waste of money.", 2.0
"Well, the toy just does not perform the way it's suposed to. They don't fly high in the arena and hardly EVER knock eachother out as they are suposed to do. VERY unhappy with product. HUGE disappointment for my 6 and 8 year old sons!", 1.0
"This is a cute idea, and a cute design, BUT! It is not realistic! When you put your babydoll inside, it takes a bit, esp. for a child to get the sling hanging around neck correctly and turned right, then, the poor baby doll falls, directly out of it, no back support on it, the only way she stays in is if your hands never leave her! So if the price, which is on sale right now, lures you, I would suggest an older child, rather than , say 3, or so, my 3 year old, doesnt like it, and for her abilities, I dont like it either, but now, my 6 year old, she can do it, when she is being patient enough! Only 2 stars given, for its cuteness and price at the moment, otherwise too difficult and unsupportive to suit my girls:)", 1.0
"After reading the other reviews of this product, I felt confident enough to go ahead and buy it as a gift for an 8 year old boy. He is learning multiplication tables now, so I figured this was a great present.", 1.0
"Unfortunately, once the batteries were in, it kept malfunctioning and when the dials were twisted to 2 numbers, it would read out two totally different numbers and give their result instead of the 2 numbers the dials showed. We tried over and over to get it to work, but it is a DUD!", 1.0
"I live overseas so returning it is not an option I am willing to pay the extra freight/duty for. I bought another Leap Frog product at the same time that I have not given as a present yet, I really hope it works", 1.0
"I purchased the Twist & Shout Multiplication for my grandaughter who is 8 years old.  She has not put it down since she received it.  However mine was malfunctioned and would not give multiple choices.  It would only ask the question and then gave the answer. She was hesitant to give it up when I explained I needed to exchange it for another.  This is the only toy she has that has held her interest for long periods of time.  She nows brags to friends that she knows her multiplication tables", 1.0
"THIS GAME IS EDUCATIONAL BECAUSE U R ASKING QUESTION`S TO OTHER PEOPLEAND IF THIER WRONG THEY HEAR THE ANWSER ANYWAY SO I THINK U SHOULD BUY THIS GAME BECAUSE IT WILL TEACH UR KIDS ALOT.I WISH ALL U PARENTS AND CHILDREN GOOD LUCK", 2.0
"I purchased two of these hand held Deal or No Deal games for my two 8 year old twin boys. The boys found that they had trouble indicating that they'd like to "Take the Deal".  When the pressed the button to say "Yes" to the deal, the game continued as if they said "No Deal".  They got annoyed, but kept on playing.  I tried the game, thinking that they did something wrong, but I also had the same problem.  I'm annoyed because the game was $20 each and I think it doesn't work properly!", 2.0
"If you run a spellcaster deck, buy the good cards individually because in my opinion, I rarely get good cards out of this booster", 2.0
"Education 5/5", 1.0
"This game is educational", 1.0
"1. Making friends", 2.0
"2. Adding, Subtracting, and Thinking", 1.0
"3. Having fun", 1.0
"Durability 2/5", 1.0
"They can get damaged easily", 2.0
"buy card sleeves", 2.0
"they are only $5.00", 2.0
"they can prevent $50.00 worth of damage", 1.0
"~~~ABOUT THE CARDS~~~", 1.0
"There are monsters called amazons and when another one is on the field they can get stronger, master their true effect, and much much more.", 1.0
"This pack introduces us to counters.  Counters can be put on cards by an effect.  You can take away counters to activate its effect and you cand add counters until it has enough to use its effects.  When you use a magic card you cand put a counter on a card that can have them or put them on by a cards effect.  You can take counters off to use cards effects.", 2.0
"There are monster cards called Union cards.  Union monsters can equip to other monsters.  It will make the monsters stronger and give them great effects.  You can unite or seperate the monsters each turn.  There are cards that put unions together also.", 1.0
"You can make a magician deck.", 1.0
"You can make an amazon deck.", 1.0
"You can make a union deck.", 1.0
"You can make a counter deck.", 2.0
"look at all the decks you can make outta this pack", 1.0
"~~~Ratios~~~", 2.0
"rarity/identification/this many of these in this many packs/value", 1.0
"Commons/Not Shiny/8;1/worth $0.25 - $2.00", 1.0
"Rares/Silver Lettering/5;6/worth $2.00 - $5.00", 1.0
"Super Rare/Holo Picture/1;6/worth $5.00 - $20.00", 1.0
"Ultra Rare/Holo Everywhere/1;12/worth $20.00 - $30.00", 2.0
"Secret Rare/Glitter/1;228/worth $40.00 - $60.00", 1.0
"The ratios are based on how the companys put the cards in the packs.You are not garenteed a certain rarity if you buy a certain amount of packs", 2.0
"~~~EDUCATION VALUE~~~", 2.0
"MAKE FRIENDS", 1.0
"USE YOUR BRAIN TO THINK", 2.0
"HAVE FUN", 1.0
"ADD AND SUBTRACT", 1.0
"~~~DURABILIY~~~", 1.0
"THEY CAN GET DAMAGED EASILY", 2.0
"GET SLEEVES AND A DECK BOX", 1.0
"~~~THE CARDS~~~", 1.0
"THIS PACK INTROPDUCES US TO", 1.0
"UNION MONSTERS - WHEN YOU CONNECT THEM TOGETHER THEY GET STRONGER AND NEW EFFECTS", 1.0
"SPEELCASTERS - CARDS THAT GO WELL WITH DARK MAGICIAN AND OTHER SPELLCASTERS", 1.0
"Our daughter became this as she was a baby. We tried several time during her past 2 years if she would reach a moment to like it, but she always wanted to go out after 1 or 2 minutes. Maybe other babies are diferent, but I think its not the right material for such a playground. For a hot environment like ours in the south, it quickly gets very hot inside and you can not leave your baby or little child alone playing because of the plastic material that can be dangerous. We finally sealed the holes on the bottom and do not pump up the upper part so we fill it with water and use it as a litle pool, thats the only way for us to use it", 1.0
"I was anxious to get this game for my daughter for Christmas, as she loves all princess things.  Unfortunately, the instructions were so confusing (do they even test these games?  with real people?), we quickly grew disenchanted with it, and tossed it.  Quality is not top notch, and the instructions and actual game concept are poorly thought out", 2.0
"The product shown does not match the description.  It is NOT the Marble Roller Coaster Kit. Please fix", 2.0
"Ok, maybe that's a bit strong, but this is hands down our most hated toy (by the adults, and the kids are plenty frustrated, too).  We received it as a gift (and WOW whoever would pay $35 for this is CRAZY.).  Our son is nearly five & needs help to load the truck, which has to be loaded fully to work without jamming; a time-consuming procedure, since the dominoes have to be loaded one-at-a-time.  The dominoes themselves are also almost too lightweight to stand well on end, and are prone to easy collapse.  After the initial newness wears off this toy is going to disappear, and that's something I've never even contemplated before", 1.0
"The truck gets clogged up often, it is extremely difficult for our kids to load and they almost always require an adult to load.  The tower is decent, albeit, it doesn't quite work as advertised as well.  Our kids wound up just knocking down the dominos the old fashioned way.  I grew up in the "Domino Rally" days and compared to the original toys, these don't stack up.", 1.0
"The truck and tower just aren't worth it, you are better off buying a bag of dominoes and letting your kids make their own domino trails", 1.0
"I was very dissapointed with the product, it was displayed as something that was simple to use and fun for all ages....I ordered 4 of them for my grandchildren and when they opened them for", 1.0
"Christmas, we found that they were "clumsy" to use, the sound quality is poor at best, and they are made of hard plastic which is not particularly safe to be "whacking" on anything and everything as I was led to believe.  We are a musical family and therefore more inclined to try to produce music from various sources, but I am afraid this is not worth the money.  If I had opened them before Christmas I would have returned them, but it was too late so now they are stuck with them", 2.0
"I had this sent to my little brother and they threw away the packaging before discovering that they recieved a broken unit, and of course they didn't tell me in a timely fashion.  Shoddy merch is not cool, anything we can do to swap it out is fine, but being over 30 days I guess you win", 2.0
"I bought 2 pair and the light did not work on one pair at all and the light only worked on the other pair initially then stopped working as soon as the mask got wet (and never worked again).", 2.0
"Very disappointing because they sounded like a lot of fun", 1.0
"Although these keys are one of my 14 month old son's favorite toys, one of the buttons came off and fell into the shell of the remote control.  It was the larger button to turn on the light and he would have likey choked on it had it fallen into his mouth.  If you purchase these, be sure to supervise your child playing with them at all times!  However, I would suggest not purchasing them", 2.0
"Please be careful and make sure you can see your baby when playing with these keys.  The plastic ring holding the keys can break.  We found the small broken piece in our baby's mouth!  We received this toy only three weeks ago", 2.0
"Mixed low review-  The single biggest negative is the contrast/brightness level of the screen, which makes it near impossible to see except at certain angles and light conditions.  Unfortunately, that is a huge Achilles heal.  Otherwise, great electronics, features, and stylus operation.  I would try to demo this before buying since the screen issue could be a deal breaker (unless there is something wrong with mine, which I doubt, I would not buy this again", 1.0
"My children have loved playing in this tent. I like it also because it is not huge and doesn't take up a lot of room, but it is also not made out of very durable material.  I picked it up to move it out of the way and it ripped.  It is easy to pop-up and down, just will probably not have a very long lifetime with kid's play", 1.0
"Hideaway bought for my daughter who loves it.  Easily assembled, up within 60 seconds. I have noticed that there are two loops attached to the hideaway, presumably to tie some rope to them and then stake to the ground. There was no rope or stakes with the purchase, I am unaware if these should have been included. Two entrances into the hideaway, the front inverted T entrance is great. However, the rear is a porthole type entrance, not good for children when playing games as they can trip on the material in the bottom. Material not that durable, but with care there should be no issues. a lot bigger than it looks on the site, which was a nice surprise.", 2.0
"I agree with all of the other reviews about this tent and its durability, however my daughter absolutely loves it.  First the three plastic sticks that come with the tent to hold it open broke and warped pretty quick.  I went to Home Depot and bought three wooden dowels for 79 cents each and cut them to the correct length and it works great.  My daughter uses this mostly inside and it is fine, when outside the wind and everything else did move it around.  I bought a 4 pack of plastic tent stakes from target for about $1 and put one in each corner to hold it in place, works great.  I think we paid $19 for this at Target and it definitely seems worth the amount of enjoyment my daughter gets.  If you are expecting a $200 high quality camping tent, you will probably be disappointed", 2.0
"This item is too difficult for a six year old even though advertised as for 5-8 year olds.  You cannot return the item once opened, so do not order", 1.0
"I bought this game on the fly cause the cover illustration looked so interesting that I couldn't resist. The instructions were a little confusing to understand at first, but once gameplay started it was picked up pretty easy and much fun was enjoyed by everyone. The game is geared for those ages 10 and up, but it was so easy to understand and so much fun, that my 8 year old neice was able to play without teaming up with an adult. The game promotes math skills which is a HUGE plus since many games today are only about fun. This game has it all, fun, education and the artwork on the cards is fantastic. When we played, we threw in chocolate gold pieces so we'd have real pirate plunder and everyone had to speak like a pirate. It's a really great way to spend quality time with your family and it's fun for all ages", 2.0
"I have bought quite a few barbies from Amazon recently, including the caligirl series, fashion fever series, and barbie loves micky mouse. This barbie is quite different to all above. She does not have a rubber skin like others, so we may see her leg joints if she is wearing a skirt or shorts. Her foot is quite flat; only the slippers in this package fit her; all other barbies' shoes do not. I guess this "pooh" might be made with the "former generation" technology", 1.0
"The tent is extremely flimsy, has no bottom to it and falls over all the time. It will not stand straight up. Could have bought a better child's tent at a cheaper price", 2.0
"We received this item as a gift from grandma because my son loves barnyard animals, barns, etc.  He LOVES the tent; however, the construction was so poorly thought out that he cannot touch it without it falling over and collapsing on top of him!  There is no way to anchor it to the floor (weights, etc.) to keep it from toppling over.  The sides have no stabilization whatsoever.", 1.0
"The idea is super, but maybe they should consider more product testing to ensure its durability", 1.0
"I was so excited to get the time tracker and am now so frustrated with it. The first one that I got did not work at all...they sent a second one and this one worked for less than 5 minutes (we tried 3 different sets of new batteries). It is such a great concept, but unfortunately is very poorly made. I was also surprised at how cheap looking the whole thing is in real life.", 2.0
"If 0 stars were an option, that's what I would have given this awful product.  Doesn't work anything like they show on TV.  So sticky, messy, and slimy, and the smell is just awful.  I didn't even want my kids to touch it because of the terrible chemical smell.  I find it hard to believe they can label this product "non-toxic".  Total false advertising.  Do not buy this mess", 2.0
"I bought the familiy fun pack ($65) from the ad on TV!  What a mistake!  When it arrived one tub was open and spilled all inside the box while another unopened tub was nearly dried out. No return label or customer service number was enclosed so I couldn't even return it! It is such a mess and smells like chemicals.  It stuck to a votive candle holder ok and it looks kind of cute but when you try to just mold it all it does is stick to EVERYTHING including your hands.  Some are really gooey like slimy paint while other tubs are nearly dry and you end up with micro-mini styrofoam beads all over the place and they sink down into the carpeting and won't come out.  Needless to say, it sat around for awhile until it finally made it's way to it's new home....the trash", 1.0
"Do not waste your money. My son was so excited to get floam. He had been asking for it for a very long time. Finally I gave in and bought it. It is like little pellets in green slime. It is so wet and slimy that it is not possible to mold it into anything. And you can't stick it to anything like they show in the commercials because once you thouch it it is hard to get the slimy mess of off your hands. It is very messy and impossible to play with. The commercials are very misleading.", 1.0
"My 3-year-old son liked Floam because of the goop factor, but unfortunately the goop the little foam pellets are suspended in seems to be a GREAT medium for growing MOLD.  This happened to us twice (despite clean hands/work space) so we gave up on it entirely.", 1.0
"I suggest you try PlayFoam instead.  It's also available here on Amazon, or at Lakeshore Learning Store (look for samples at the checkout for 49 cents!) Playfoam has a nicer consistency, less sticky (but still moldable) and no odor", 1.0
"Am totally dissatisfied with ths wagon as it came dented.  The wagon is shipped in a cardboard box with no styrofoam or other packing - the wagon bed absorbs any impacts.  The parts are in the bed and there is cardboard to prevent scratching - there were no scratches and the finsih was nice.  The pacaging is totally inadequate.  I would return the wagon if time permitted.  I am glad that I am not giving it to a child as a gift.  Buy it where you can look it over first to be sure it's not damaged", 1.0
"If one good thing can be said about Dread Pirate, it's that the physical game components reek of quality.  The cloth game board, glass jewels, metal coins, wooden dice and pewter game pieces all come together to give an overall sense of realism to the game.  It's a pity, however, that the game itself isn't nearly as exciting as the pieces.", 1.0
"Dread Pirate relies entirely on random dice rolls to determine every single outcome of the game.  To move from place to place, you roll dice.  To challenge another player to a "skirmish" (which is how you steal their treasure), you roll dice.  To steal jewels from an enemy's port, you roll dice.  To trade for jewels at a port, you roll dice.  There's absolutely no semblance of any real strategy in this game.  You win by accumulating the most treasure, and the amount of treasure you accumulate depends entirely on how lucky you are in your roll of the dice.", 2.0
"This game is not fun, and can even be frustrating, especially for a young child who keeps rolling low numbers.  There's SOME thinking involved...  you need to judge for yourself who you should attack and when, but even if you make the best possible strategic decision, you can still lose the die roll and end up empty-handed.", 1.0
"I would recommend Dread Pirate only if your family is specifically looking for a game where you don't have to think, and only if your children are mature enough to deal with bad luck (as good/bad luck is the only way to win/lose this game).  If you're looking for an enjoyable family game that everyone can play, I would very much reccommend Cranium over this.  It's less expensive, there's ALOT more to it, and it will have your family getting up, being active, and laughing out loud (instead of sitting around and rolling dice to determine the number of jewels you can take)", 1.0
"You can't be serious.", 1.0
"We are not in the caveman era, you know. We have games to play that involve strategy. This game is pure luck - roll a die, roll a die, lose. It is like playing Roulette. Even Blackjack and Monopoly have choices. There is no way in which a "good player" can win in this game more often than a "bad player", as there is no way to be good or bad at this game.", 1.0
"We have eurogames. We have games that involve strategy. We do not need this baseless luckfest", 1.0
"Our family bought this tank and we went through plenty of goldfish with it. We stopped buying when our 10 year old was using the scope to look at the fish. She was pulling it up and down and turning it and when she was finished, she put it down and saw that she had put it down on the actual fish. The fish was bleeding and died. The kids were not very happy. I guess this is an okay tank but not great. You might want to put only beta's in it. I would suggest getting something with a filter and heater if you want any other kind of fish", 2.0
"It is a waste of money and a big disappointment.  I will be returning it.", 2.0
"This machine does not work.  I will be returning it to find a better "first" machine for my daughter.  The stitiches do not hold, every instruction was followed to the letter.  It is not worth even 4 cents, much less 14 dollars.  I would have paid more for something that acutally works.  I'll keep lookin", 1.0
"My daughter was very excited to receive this for Christmas, until she tried to change the thread that came with the machine.  It literally would not work anymore.  I tried everything.  Maybe it's defective.....but from other reviews I read, I think it's just a really bad attempt at a great idea. Too bad....she is very disappointed....", 1.0
"I got this for my daughter who will be 10 in Feb. She has wanted a sewing machine very badly. This one is made of cheap plastic, and no matter how many times we read the instructions and try to close the end, as soon as we remove it, it unravels. I think I'd spend more money and get something better. As my daughter says "It's very irriating."", 1.0
"We purchased this for our daughter as a Christmas gift.  What a nightmare.  First of all, the scissors it came with...well let's just say my teeth cut better.  This scissor is so DULL we'd be willing to allow our three year old to handle it.  It cuts NOTHING.  This sewing machine comes with one tiny square of material, so you have to be sure to have material on hand if you want your child to actually attempt sewing something.  It's incredibly difficult and frustrating to thread the needle.  The stitches are way too loose and break apart at the slightest touch.  There is no bobbin, so there's nothing to hold your stitch together.  We wanted to make a simple little pillow for my daughter's dolls...wishful thinking!  The minute you attempt to turn your project right-side-out, the stitches come apart and you have NOTHING.  My daughter just walked away. We can't believe Singer would be the maker of this 1.99 piece of plastic.", 1.0
"These were purchased for my Grandson for Christmas. They are hard to get on. Clumsy and don't have the effect they would have you believe. He never really used them and  a waste of money. They were useless and also very dangerous.  Defintely would not recommend.", 2.0
"My daughter just turned seven and we got these for her birthday because she loves to be outside.  She thought they were cool for a few days and now they are sitting in the garage.  We put the appropriate number of strings on for her weight (56 pounds) but she doesn't seem to bounce very high.  And she needs help getting them on.  She was upset because some neighbor boys made fun of her due to the fact that they are so big and awkward looking.  I wouldn't tell someone not to buy them but I wish I would have gotten something else for her.", 1.0
"Purchased 2 pairs for my 8 & 9 year old daughters for Christmas. The shoes are made of cheap pieces of plastic. The box includes bunches of black, elastic bands that you need to really s-t-r-e-t-c-h onto the shoes to provide the "bounce". The more your child  weighs, the more bands you use, but you have to double or triple them onto the same hooks. They are very hard to install and could be dangerous if they snap back into your face while you are installing them. Once assembled, the kids played with them for about 10 minutes before becoming bored. They haven't played with them since. Don't waste your money", 2.0
"Like many of the other reviews (that I read after receiving the doll), I got a hispanic doll with red hair... whoever heard of that!  My daughter is adopted from Guatemala and has black, straight hair.... This doll depicted how I style her hair and would have been a perfect match, as it also had black hair.... after waiting for a week, I received the doll, expecting it to look like the one pictured, and it wasn't.... I am highly, highly disappointed, and have emailed all of my contacts telling them about this and giving them the sight to view all the unhappy comments on this as well as pass along to their contacts..... I will never make this mistake again....  as the saying goes.... "Fool me once, shame on YOU...fool me twice, shame on ME.... well, shame on them!!!", 1.0
"I was very happy to discover that I could purchase an Asian Cabbage Patch Girl doll...it was for a little Korean girl....the doll pictured on the website looked like the little girl that it was purchased for (the hair). Well, I was excited to find one and I wanted to make sure that I would receive it in time to wrap it and mail it to Texas in time for Christmas.  I ordered in on the 27th and received it on Dec. 1st (I paid for faster shipping).  When I opened the box it was an Asian doll but not the one with the ponytails...this doll had short hair.  I called Amazon immediately and although they expressed being sorry they said that they could not guarantee that it wouldn't happen again. I have used Amazon before with no problems but I am extremely unhappy with the bait and switch.  I should have read the other reviews.  I will never let that happen again.  BEWARE...do not order things of this nature from this website.  You will be disappointed", 1.0
"IF YOU WANT A BEAUTIFUL ASIAN DOLL, I JUST FOUND A COUPLE IN EBAY UNDER " ASIAN BERENGUER GIRL DOLL ".  THE ONE I GOT ON EBAY WAS GORGEROUS!!!  MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT AND WON'T LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT.", 1.0
"OH MY GOSH-THIS IS TERRIBLE! My husband and I bought this game because I loved watching this as a child. This game uses the same prizes and games over and over. If you played once you have played too many times. The games are boring, the prizes are boring and it is a waste of money and time. I don't know why the box says "13 and up" because my 10 year old daughter could play this. This one is going back to the store-I got zonked out of my $24.99...if you want my opinion take the cash and run", 1.0
"Save your money...Because if you buy these for your kids you are going to need your money for the hospital....They do not work like you think that would..You kid is only bouncing on big rubber bands...And fall ever time they try to bounce...very dangerous..they aren't made for anyone..they should be taken off the marke", 1.0
"THE TRAILER IS SOOOOOOOOOOO FAKE. IF I JUMPED AROUND IN THESE "MOON SHOES" LIKE THE KIDS IN THE TRAILER ID BE IN THE HOSPITAL BY NOW!!! THESE SHOES HURT YOUR ANKLES SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BAD AND ARE NOT I REPEAT NOT BOUNCY AT ALL!!!I WAS EXCITED WHEN I GOT THESE BUT VERY DISSAPOINTED WHEN I USED THEM. THEY ARE THE WORST TOY IN THE WORLD. I MEAN COME ON $40.00 FOR THE WORST SHOES IN THE WORLD. WELL THAT MONEY JUST WENT DOWN THE DRAIN!!NEVER, EVER THINK ABOUT BUYING THESE DISASTROUS SHOES FOR YOUR CHILD! AS I TYPE MY FRIEND IS USING THEM AND SHE EVEN SAYS THEY ARE A TOTAL DISASTER TOO!!!!!!!!! NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER EVER EVER EVER BUY THESE SHOES!!! I HATE THEM!!", 1.0
"At first this case seemed like a good idea, but after the 3rd use, the zipper broke. Since the case does not stay open on its own, there is  tendency to push the case open and force the zipper backward and apart. After fixing it a couple of times, it is now permanently broken. Bad design. Maybe Velcro would have been better", 1.0
"I would give this toy a 0 if it was an option.  When you unfold the tiny track and get the train going, it can't even make one corner turn without coming off the track!  The train is too big for the sharp corners and it either sticks or completey comes off the track.  This is very frustrating for my kids and I cannot believe they even put this on the market?  You can't even get it to stay in the track when you manually push it.  I am just bummed that we threw away the box before we put in batteries and saw how bad this toy really is.", 2.0
"We wanted this toy for portability.  Our kids also have the GeoTrax Working Railway, which is awesome, but not as portable", 2.0
"This was a fun and very portable toy for my 18-month-old son.  Unfortunately, the elephant noise quit working after about 6 weeks of play, and then the monkey noise stopped working about 2 weeks later.  Also, the train easily comes off the track, but my son loves playing with the train that way, too.  He's very disappointed that the animals are now quiet", 1.0
"Normally I am a big fan of the little tikes name, but not so with this product.  I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter and although the concept is cute, it is not like other Little Tikes products.   To begin with, the train frequently comes off the track.  Also to activate it, you must press the button where the conductor goes.  However, it is difficult for my daughter to place the figure on this spot without it falling off.  She often presses the button in the process which activates the train while she is still trying to put the figure on it which frustrates her.  Since this is geared for toddlers, you would think that Little Tikes would have put the button to activate the motion in a different spot from where the figures go.  Also, at age 2 1/2 she is quickly bored with it.  She has more fun letting it go on the floor across the room than riding on the track.  Needless to say, it is going back.  The only good feature is that you can "pack it and go" for away from home fun", 1.0
"Dont waste your money.  I bought a set for each of my kids, and they didn't work well.  The paper that came with the pens, was thin and cheap.  We followed the directions, and twisted, and it either didn't work, or blended for a split second, and then back to original color.  Total Waste of Money.  They are now in the trash", 1.0
"I bought this toy for my four year old for Christmas thinking it would be the perfect toy for her since she loves Care Bears and she loves the game hide and seek. This toy was a big disappointment! She was so excited when she opened the package but when we tried to play with it, she got frustrated and lost intrest very quickly. The Care Bear "finder" does not give good clues to where the Care Bear is hiding and makes it very confusing for a child. It was saying "come find me" even when she was within a couple feet of it and she had to be right on top of it before it would tell her that she's "getting warmer." It doesn't let the child know that they are getting close to it until they can see it. My daughter gave up on it quickly because she would be wandering the house aimlessly without any clue as to it's where abouts. I do not recommend this toy to any one. I would have given it no stars, but she does like the bear itself. Do yourself a favor...buy a care bear (much cheaper), hide it somewhere, and you can truthfully tell your child when they are "getting warmer!", 1.0
"Don't waste your time with this thing.  By the time we invested in the toy, the batteries, etc. we had quite a few dollars into it... for about 15 minutes of fun.  The toy can't just be set down on a table, so when my son actually gone bored with it (to my shock because he LOVES bubbles) he tried to set it down and it spilled the remaining GOLD solution all over.  Yuck.  Mommy promptly threw the toy in the trash.", 1.0
"This toy is just a gimmick - stick with the good old magic bubbles and save your money", 1.0
"The bar is nice, and I suppose the mat will come in handy for reviewing the basic positions. But the DVD... it's just awful. The music is painfully bad. Seriously, what dp little girls dressed like fruit have to do with ballet? And the "host" is a confusing choice: her accent is distracting, and it's made even worse by the fact that she's talking around braces. The two little girls who help her don't look much happier. In fact, the one on the left looks like someone told her to smile or else.", 1.0
"Trying to keep up with the nominally enducational DVD is harder than you might think, as the mat has two sides and you have to flip it over mid-stream, only you get no warning and no time to do it. And the positions are introduced too quickly and with no discussion; they're just lyrics to the annoying song.", 2.0
"Our daughter got this for her 3rd birthday, and she actually looked at me the first time we watched it and said, "I want the fruit to go away." I had to laugh out loud and tell her I did too! Overall, I'm sorry her grandparents spent $15 on this. Total disappointment", 2.0
"I would have bought this item, but the shipping ($5.53) was almost as much as the item itself ($5.99).  Thanks, but no thanks.  I'll go to a competitor.  Weird thing is -- other Play-Doh items are listed with FREE shipping", 2.0
"The idea behind this isn't too bad, and my 4 year old really enjoyed them for a short time, but it has some really ridiculous quirks.", 1.0
"The shoes are not on any type of timer, so they will stay on indefinitely unless your child turns off each of them individually.  So what ends up happening, of course, is dead batteries within a day or so.  The wand and the tiara both work fine, so maybe that set wouldn't be too bad, but it annoys me that they would even release something as ridiculous as this", 1.0
"This Jack in the Box is pretty flimsy.  Not worth the price. Would have returned it but it would have not been worth the expense.", 1.0
"This toy is TERRIBLE!!  My daughter got this for Christmas, and it only frustrates her.  It takes too many cranks to get the clown to pop up, and she can't get the lid to stay shut without my help.  The "music" is terrible.  I would definitely not recommend this toy.", 1.0
"This is a very cheap toy and mine arrived broken,  or at least I hope it's not supposed to sound like it does.  It sounds nothing like the classic Jack-in-the-box that I was hoping for", 1.0
"I am very unhappy with this product.  The handle is hard to turn, and it takes too long for the clown to pop up.  When the clown does pop up it smells like a forst fire inside of the toy.  Over all I would not recomend it", 2.0
"It's a cute little set - and I mean little.  Wayyyyy over-priced.  (...) Just didn't live up to expectations", 1.0
"My boys thought that a treasure chest sandbox was a cool idea, being into the pirate theme. Thankfully I purchased this sandbox in-store, because I returned it the very same day.  I didn't even fill it with sand before I realized it was a cheaply made toy.  The plastic is thin and was bent or warped in a few places.  The lid wouldn't fit on correctly, even if it wasn't bent at some of the edges it wouldn't have been a good, secure fit.  I was surprised that Little Tikes would make something so flimsy.  I exchanged it for the Step 2 Naturally Playful Sandbox, which is sturdier and the lid works much better.  Spend the extra $10 for a sandbox that is higher quality.", 1.0
"I purchased this toy for my 3yr old in December last year. He has not been able to use it since we have not been able to find ANY products (discs, carrying case etc) for the videonow. I have called the company several times. Everything is always unavailable and I do check on a regular basis. My son has been watching black and white discs recently from his older brother on the machine so he will get some use out of it. It was a good idea but the company leaves a lot to be desired. If you make a product make sure that there are enough discs. It is simply a waste of money and time. I cannot continue going on line and checking a couple of times every week. I hope this info factors in in your decision to purchase this toy", 1.0
"She is DISGUSTING!!! The only good thing about her is that to scare people away simply show them this doll and they'll go screaming! My friend, Lucy Banette, has this doll. The hair tangles, the clothes rip, and even she admits it SUCKS!!! Her white skin makes her look like a vampire ghost. Not one for decoration!!! Not even for a 'playing-with' doll. Too fragile and disgustingly sickening to look at! What are we trying to teach children here??? That it is good to dress like you have just died? Have you ever seen a goth look like this? NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So please, MGA, carry on with lil' Bratz. THEY RULE!!! But NOT your silly gothy, punky Bratz. I have two lil' bratz. They are in the collection 'life style'. I have Sasha and Cloe. I don't know why you called Cloe Ailani and Sasha Zada. They are STUPID names! I HAD to redo their names! It feels nice to express myself! Bye, to goth haters! GO AWAY, you silly fans of this Bratty goth doll", 1.0
"What a disappointment! We got this for my daughter because of the enticing TV commercials that make it appear to be fun, moldable and not messy.  However, it is none of those and is VERY MESSY!  It is just a cross between dust and sand and NOT fun to play with OR to clean up. It stays on your hands and a child can easily wipe their eyes and cause problems. Go with Play-Doh or Floam instead", 2.0
"We tried adding the soap and turned the handlle " really fast" but it still dosent do much??", 1.0
"I thought this would be a great addition to our tub toy collection, I was wrong.  It doesn't work!!!! We tried shampoo and baby wash in it and there was no "mountain of bubbles".  This product doesn't work, save your money!!", 4.0
"This obviously is a re-release of the OLD "Empire Strikes Back" kit released in the 80's.", 5.0
"A decent size kit (approx 15 inches) it gives an experience modeler a good opportunity at super detailing.", 5.0
"The kit is relatively easy to build out of the box, but it has many inaccuracies most notably the inaccurate sensor/bridge deflector DOME on top of the ship.", 4.0
"These inaccuracies can be addressed by looking in the Internet for replacement parts and articles on addressing those inaccuracies.", 4.0
"However, the kit is worth the price.", 5.0
"My only disappointment is the kit is not in scale with the new "Republic Star Destroyer" from "Revenge of the Sith".  The new kit for the new movie is over 19 inches long.  In order for this kit to be in scale with the current movie version, it would need to be about 24 inches long.", 4.0
"Hopefully someone will make the "Imperial Star Destroyer" to that scale.", 5.0
"Not worth the buy. Very hard to use in the pool. Vendor delivery service was great", 5.0
"These Rook cards do contain the larger font of an earlier edition.  However, the yellow suit is very pale and difficult to see. After we opened the cards (two sets were purchased), we found that the Rooks on the backs of the cards were printed upside-down.  The cards are also not particularly sturdy. These cards appear to be irregulars", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my 9 year old son who loved it at first but after awhile he was dissapointed. It stopped working correctly on one side. The remote may be the problem, I am not sure. We changed the batteries but that did not help. I felt bad I bought him a Christmas gift that didn't last the day", 5.0
"My daughter got this for Christmas and it only says, "Know what goes good with everything? Ripped Pants!"  Then he sings, "You won't end up like the fool who ripped his pants." and then says, "This is so embarrassing!"  My daughter dropped the toy once and it said a different phrase but we can't get it to do it again. It seems like it's stuck in the "demo" mode and we can't figure out how to make it work.", 5.0
"I called Fisher Price and due to unsually high call volume they disconnect you after telling you to call back another time,  Probably due to the fact that every parent who's child recieved this toy is calling to complain.", 4.0
"We bought this item for my Daughter's Christmas present and the strings do not work at all.  All it does is play the 3 songs, and the microphone works.  But the other functions (anything to do with the strings) do not work at all.  We bought this at Toys R Us and we're taking it back tomorrow.  As I can see from the reviews (which I wish I'd read earlier), we'll be getting a different brand of guitar.  These seem faulty as a rule.  Do not buy this", 4.0
"My daughter is almost three, and she was so excited when she received this for Christmas.  Unfortunately, the strings do not work, and also the star buttons are supposed to play notes and/or chords, and they don't work, either.  I was going to send for a replacement because my daugher absolutely loves this, and I was so disappointed when Amazon responded there are no replacements available.  I'm going to see if the manufacturer can replace it", 5.0
"We got this guitar for my 4 year old, she loved it, but it stopped functioning after less than a month, I thought I need to change batteries but even after that it didn't work, now I don't know what to do with it, I didn't keep the box so that I could return it, very disappointed...", 5.0
"My daughter got this doodle bear for christmas 2006.  She wrote all over it and I washed it like the directions say.  I took it out of the washing machine and the bear was ripped.  She played with it again and I washed it again in the pillow case.  The bear came out of the washing machine worse off.  It seems that the bear rips at the seams.  Don't waste your money on this bear.", 4.0
"We finally bought these Barbie Magic of the Rainbow dolls for our 4-year-old twin daughters after hearing them beg for it repeatedly after each time the commercial aired. At first, they were very excited to play with them. Positives: The doll is durable. It encourages participants to follow instructions. Negatives: I notice my daughters have to wave the doll a few times before the DVD "hears" the instructions.", 5.0
"Positives: The DVD provides clear and easy to understand directions, so your doll can be programmed with your remote control. Negatives: The doll set off our fire alarm a few times before we figured out it was the doll (and we did check to see if there really was a fire!) When the DVD is not in, the dolls control the volume on the TV! This can be very annoying when the volume increases just as you realize your daughters have started playing with the dolls. My suggestion: de-program the doll when your kids are finished playing the DVD! Or, just keep it deprogrammed and use your remote -taking all control away from your kids and keeping them from standing so close to the TV", 5.0
"This is probably one of the best booster packs out there. Every monster that comes in the pack has an effect. Effect monsters can be very useful. Not to mention that my very first Pharaonic Guardian pack came with a secret rare! That is one of only two of the most rare cards in the whole pack! Even the common cards are great. Such as Giant axe mummy or the Gravekeeper cards! Your deck cannot be complete without this booster pack! I highly suggest this pack", 5.0
"We bought this for our son for Christmas this year based on glowing reviews. What a disappointment! The "musical instruments" are basically glorified rattles that all sound basically the same, the song the drum plays is tinny, scratchy, and short, and nothing seems very well made. I at least expected the different instruments to sound different from one another.", 4.0
"On the plus side, it is cute, and the lobster has a pretty wind chime like sound", 4.0
"You could make your own!  I bought these through a catalog for my 3 year-old last Christmas.  He pretends they are leaf-blowers.  If you find the "sweet spot", the tones are okay, but finding that spot isn't easy.  Too much money for not-enough product", 5.0
"It would be really nice if they could put out sets in single ethnicities. I do not like my child having multi-cult propaganda shoved down her throat via her TOYS! She wants to play with dolls that look like her - this is only natural. Too bad, cute set and I would have bought it", 5.0
"this is the cutest furreal I have seen it could have been much better if they would have made it where it would open it's mouth. ...Why did it come with a bottle? all ir does is grunt and beg. doesn't walk and it's eyes do not close so you can't pretend it is asleep. I can't return it cause it was a valantine's present but at least it is cute as just a stuffed pig", 4.0
"Ok, my kid loves it.  But, after seeing it in person, I cant believe how much I was charged for list little plastic toy.  Cost is way over excessive.  Strongly suggest saving your money, unless money is no object", 4.0
"My son received this as a birthday gift and it broke the 2nd time that he played with it. While I was putting it on him the plastic belt just snapped in half. Luckily we had a different belt from another toy that we could use with the gadgets. The previous reviewer was right about the difficulty of taking the gadgets on and off. There's no way that my 4 year old son could do it without my help. If I had the receipt I would have returned it", 4.0
"Our son has dyslexia.  We are using this as a tool to build his family of sounds and spelling rules.  He thinks it is fun and is building on his skills at the same time", 4.0
"The pieces were very tiny and the sticker flags kept popping off the plastic. My daughter's favorite part was the pink and white horse with the carriage, which she promptly took over and put with her dollhouse. After asking Santa for a Cinderella Castle she was a bit disappointed. This playset would probably be fine for a child who was just going to set it up and not play with it", 5.0
"My sons received this for Christmas and it's already out of commission. The quality of the fabric (more like paper) is such that the polls very quickly poked through, leaving the folding/elasticated sticks to stick out.", 5.0
"It's a great idea, but if it was a better material so that it would last more than a couple of weeks...", 5.0
"Here's hoping that I can sew up the holes without tearing it more", 5.0
"This high chair is a lot smaller than the photograph implies.  When screwing together the sections, I managed to split the wooden bar that would be the foot rest.  Any half decent person with a jigsaw would be able to make a more sturdy toy.  This toy is very basic, the seat of the highchair is wooden with a skimpy section of cloth.  Invest in some power tools and make your own, I guarantee it would be better than this one", 5.0
"The item arrived to us the week of Christmas three weeks after we had ordered it.  It arrived with several broken and several missing parts.  Amazon would not send us new parts, they would only replace the unit if we shipped it back first.  This was to be a Christmas gift to my son, so that was not optional.  Had the order arrived when the order tracking said it would I would have had time to return it", 5.0
"I tried this toy at it's lowest volume, and it's still lound enough to damage young eardrums.   Remember that this toy is much closer to their ears than yours.", 4.0
"I'm not sure how this toy ended up with a 4.5 star rating after all the broken microphones!! Ours was yet another that broke within 2 months of gentle play. It wasn't thrown or dragged around by the microphone or anything of the sort. My son loved it and figured out the microphone very quickly. He loved to see the lights and the little puppy "dance" when he "sang" into the microphone. I continued to let him play with it even after the microphone shorted out and the static began and he still kept trying the microphone until he got frustrated and then I finally put it away. I wish I had spent the money on something that would have lasted longer. My son is now 18 months old and the only other toy he has ever managed to break was the Vtech Nursery Farm which was broken 3 weeks after Christmas last year, just before this piano broke. I highly recommend Fisher Price or LeapFrog toys over Vtech. We have never had a problem with their toys and 2 of the 3 Vtech toys we have owned have broken on us. Garbage!", 4.0
"Even though yugioh is dead, this is my favorite pack (even though i don;t get them any more). The deck that i made is an Archfiend deck, which can kill you if you don't have a spell card on the field that says you don't have to pay life points for Archfiend cards. They are also one of the strongest group if cards. There is TerrorKing Archfiend, InfernalQueen Archfiend, Archfiend Solder, and others. Even though yugioh is dead, some people still play ot, and some stores but them from you. I sold my deck for $$$, you should too.", 5.0
"I was really excited about this toy. I was very forgetful when it came to putting my son on his tummy, so I thought this would be a great toy for him to  have some good quality tummy time on. Wrong. He could care less about this toy. The second I'd lay him in front of it he would just roll onto his back. He was five months old when we bought it, and it is just sitting there. He STILL loves his Gymini and he is six months old now. Also, by the third day the aquarium had sprung a leak..which apparently has happened to almost everyone who  has bought this thing. Do not  purchase this toy, it takes up too much space, and it's a waste of money. Baby could care less about it", 5.0
"When we bought this, I liked the versatility it offered.  I quickly noticed, however, that it is mostly good for strewing the soft pieces everywhere.  There are actually too many pieces to keep up with, and frankly I'm getting sick of stepping on the cow.", 5.0
"My 6 mos old likes it for a couple minutes, until he's rolled away from it.", 4.0
"My 3 year old thinks it's interesting, but she just ends up taking it apart and the pieces end up all over the place.", 4.0
"After a couple days of playing with it I usually put most of it away and keep out only a couple parts to complement our other toys.", 5.0
"The water play mat lasted until my 3 year old stepped on it once or twice.  Then that was gone", 5.0
"I thought this toy looked fantastic as I was searching for developmental toys to help in various areas while they grew. The versitility of this one looks great. Well, I liked it more than either one of my children did, as they almost never played with it except for the simple joy of taking it apart and strewing it all over the playroom! The black and white face was good when they are first starting to be attracted to faces but other than that, it just got taken apart and lost its interest, no matter which way i arranged the peices. Infants would do much better with a flat playmat with a mobile suspended above their heads", 5.0
"I bought this item for my newborn - thinking it would grow with him and be useful for at least the 1st year.  I was SO wrong.  First, as I feared, the water "fishbowl" leaked the 1st time I filled it.  I returned it and the next one leaked as well.  Then, the mirror is one of those "plastic" mirrors that gives a distorted reflection - which was of no value or interest to my son. The cow that makes noise died after less than a month of light to no use.  Finally, the toy just didn't have that "fun" value that a $43 toy should have.  He hated it - never attempted to crawl down it, never played with the features. Save your money - this toy is of poor quality and poor entertainment value. There are tons of better products out there..", 5.0
"this tor breakes when you build tall buildings, but I made a mouse out of them. when the magnets are pushed back that makes me angry, but you can make people by just putting four magnets on one ball, but in all I say you shuld decide yourself.", 5.0
"My kids love Magnetix, but I am unable to order them online because you do not ship to Canada. This problem occurs a lot. Someone should fix that. I find it very frustrating when I try to order something and then it tells me they are "unable to fullfill my order because we can't ship outside the USA"", 5.0
"Our family loves all types of memory games, and this is the most attractive.  The colorful stripes on the back are great, the pictures are good, the click of the squares on the tabletop are satisfying, and the fact that they are true squares means that they fit easily and perfectly into the box.  My only negative comment is that there is no indication  which country each child represents.  The children who play this game are capable of learning country and costume together...I think it is an obvious teaching opportunity. In fact, I would like to know this myself", 4.0
"The dolls and outfits in this set are adorable and the case was a cute idea.  The only problem that kept me from giving this item a high star rating is the case itself.  I wish the case closed more tightly, it closes with a small gap along the sides also the entire case lid keeps coming off easily.  Overall tho, aside from the annoyance of the lid, for the price it was still worth purchasing because as I've said the dolls and outfits are so adorable and a great addition to my 8yr old daughters polly collection.", 5.0
"When I received the doll I turned it on and she made about 4 or 5 facial expressions before she said a word. She is not operating properly and since I ordered the doll a month and a half beofre my daughter's birthday, I was unable to return or exchange. I was told to contact the manufacture. I guess the doll was mishandled before it reached me...Be careful", 4.0
"My friends and I (all over 21, for reference) sat down to play this one day and we just could not find this game interesting or fun or amusing in the least. I'm not sure what is needed to make this fun or challenging... but none of us could make it past 15 minutes of play. It will not be brought out again", 5.0
"This is the worst game I have ever played.  It was so bad that we didn't even finish.  It came down to just guessing and could have gone on all night without a clear winner.  This game sucks! I wouldn't buy this game with somebody elses money, even if it were only $1", 5.0
"My daughter received this as a gift for her first birthday.  She loves tub toys, but when you pull the tail on this one it just sits in the water.  My daughter actually plays with it more out of the tub and my husband figured  out that it actually works better if you pull the tail and let it  &quot;swim&quot; on the floor.  I'm a big fan of Sassy toys, but I'd pass  on this one", 4.0
"I bought this vehicle for my son...we have been through 2 already...they do not work. The controller is not made very well...the two cars we bought did not respond..the first one you had to put the controller right up to the car to make it work...the other car would only go forward...and we tried this with brand new batteries and the charger pack we bought. Definitely a disappointment", 5.0
"The controller range is less than 40 feet.  This car is much too fast for the short range.  It is very easy to outrun the contoller.  There is also a delay between control input and vehicle response.  All batteries were new and fully charged, checked with a meter.  A scanner verified that nothing was causing frequency interference.  The older Tyco turbo cars had a 100 foot controller range and no delay.  Tyco apparently changed the design to the new digital control to allow multiple cars to run at the same time", 5.0
"I never imagined I was going to be such a bad experience, when you start the game is almost lost for the ones that chosen the light side. Then the game is complicated and it is not balanced, so everybody will choose the "dark side" because they have advantages. Dont waste you money buying this game, better buy the normal risk, acquire, or axes and allie", 5.0
"This game is very confusing and hard to play.Thisn is a piece of junk. Get the origional Risk", 5.0
"I have checked out almost every card shuffler in the market. And I can tell you that apart from the one made by Excalibur they are all the same, and Cardinal is not an exception. So here is my review.", 5.0
"This is the kind of gift you will give to someone you really, really hate. This thing does NOT shuffle plus it WILL eat up your cards badly. DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE... that is unless you wish to annoy the hell out of someone and have fun doing so. If you do go ahead and spend your hard earn mula on this purchase, here are some suggestions on how you can use your brand new Card Shuffler.", 5.0
"1. Pet Dog's Chew Toy", 5.0
"2. Door Stop", 5.0
"3. Play Street Hockey", 5.0
"4. Stress Release Stomping Toy", 5.0
"5. Mother-in-law Birthday Gift", 4.0
"6. Modern Art for Coffee Table", 5.0
"7. Nerf Ball Target Practice", 5.0
"8. Condom Dispenser", 5.0
"Kind of think about it, this is a great toy. Have fun!", 5.0
"PS. If you are looking for a shuffler that really works maybe you should take a look at Excalibur Professional 6 Deck Card Shuffler; you might like it.", 4.0
"We were extremely disappointed with this toy that we bought as a Christmas present for our four year old son.  The parking garage came with pre-drilled holes and needed to be assumbled.  Unfortunately, due to poor quality, the pieces did not line up correctly and we needed to sand some of them down in order to make the toy functional.  It would also have been helpful for the manufacturer to include one or two spare screws in case they got lost or destroyed during assembly.", 5.0
"I had a problem with Brietta a day after I bought her. I was combing her hair, and suddenly her head broke! The part of her head that has hair seperated from her forehead, and there is no way to fix her. So she is stuck with a crack in her skull. I'm very upset about this.", 5.0
"Other than that, I adore my Brietta doll. She has long strawberry blond hair that curls at the end in a messy way, so I cut the hair shorter to get rid of the messy curls.  Her face has a gorgeous expression, which looks so friendly to me. Her gown is light pink with a real overskirt and long sleeves, and she has pink shoes that ACTUALLY STAY ON!", 4.0
"I'm just sad that she broke, but I still love her nonetheless", 5.0
"I ordered the ants in December (Christmas present), and although the temperatures were unseasonably warm here throughout January, no ants arrived. I have called several times, with the same excuse. They have my money and won't deliver the ants.", 4.0
"I would suggest any other company besides Uncle Milton Industries", 4.0
"The gates and fences are hard to set up and they fall back down easily. Best for modeling not play", 5.0
"The nose is glued and sewn on, but my baby still managed to chew it off.  I found it hanging by a thread from it's face one day.  So, cut off the nose before giving it to your baby, or never leave your baby alone with it once teething starts.", 5.0
"Too bad about the nose because my baby loves his puppytunes.", 5.0
"I think that the new style of the people are not as nice and durable as the old ones", 5.0
"My friend got this toy for me saying it was the best, and because I'm a dancer. When I opened it, the doll's head fell off and when I dropped it, it broke. I suggest instead going to a real studio, because this was a waste of my friends money.", 5.0
"All Thomas the Train products are overpriced. There are too many companies out there with a better selection of wood train sets for half the price. Choose one of those! Save yourself some money", 4.0
"We baught a bunch of these fish for our 8 year old.We have a inground pool and thought they would be lots of fun!! Okay we took them out of the package, and had to rearrange the batteries 82 times before it would even respond to the water!!! When we placed it in the pool all it did was go on its side,in circles. Nothing was "realistic" about these things!!!! I should add that it was not just this one, but all of them!!!Do not waste your money or time buying these!!", 4.0
"I purchased this for myself and my 7 year old to play with. The screen is way too dark to be able to use at dusk or after, but if in direct sunlight, you can't see it either.", 5.0
"It's pretty small (buttons and screen) and a little confusing. If you are a person who is using hard earned money to purchase this, then don't. But if you just want to check it out and be okay with not wanting it later or losing the money you spent, go for it", 4.0
"My mom is an avid wheel of fortune fan, and for x-mas i thought i'd buy this for her since it reminded me of a wheel of fortune game we use to have. Man do i regret it. She NEVER plays it anymore. The puzzles are limited and will start to repeat within a few weeks. The keys on the keypad are hard to push in, and if you don't push it in right soon enough you lose your turn and the general game-play is blah. Really, if you bought this for someone, it's the kind of present that they'd be happy with for all of a few hours. Then they'd let it collect dust. Like my mum is =", 5.0
"My daughter was thrilled to see a new Wheel of Fortune game out and we bought it immediately! It's quite abit smaller than the original..can't imagine why they would do that..and it already has problems with the bonus round!  We may just have a bad one..but my daughter has gone back to using the 20 year old one she has..even with the faded screen and weak sound", 5.0
"I misunderstood the dimensions listed ( 7.5 x 1.5 x 10.5 inches ) and thought it would be large enough for my mother to see and handle. It isn't. Apparently, the dimensions include the packaging. She loves Wheel Of Fortune on TV, and I thought this game would be terrific therapy for her hands. Very disappointing. I'll be returning it, unopened.", 5.0
"Radica used to amke good hand held electronic games; this was is cheap. Buttons need to be pressed unusually hard to respond.  dark screen that lights up only when the room is nearly pitch black", 5.0
"We were so excited to order this item. Sadly the quality is very poor. We have had it set up for less than a week and the front "counter" has broken off and one of the front panels has had a leg rip off. My kids love the idea of this item but it is extremely flimsy particle type board -it has basically disintergrated berfore our eyes . Even with general play it sways back and forth, a little scary if little ones are playing in it.I am going to call the maker - hopefully we can repair this (...", 5.0
"This playhouse theater is an excellent way to spark your child's imagination.  My son received this as a Christmas gift last year and it has not only been a theater, but a house, cave, secret hideout, restaurant, and schoolhouse.  Very colorful and the front chalkboard is excellent for strenghtening writing skills!  The only downside I have with the theater is that it is not very durable.  The theater is made of some sort of flimsy plywood and it is not secured with screws, etc.  It slides together and a child can easily disassemble it.  The front panel that the child rest's his/her arms on broke after two weeks of having the theater.  Other than the durability factor...great product", 5.0
"My daughter got this for her 5th birthday, and it really looks cute and fun in the box.  Within 5 minutes of playing with it, the small clip that holds the starfish open broke.  In addition, the mermaids and other pieces that come with this toy are microscopic.  If your kids are like mine, they will lose the items and bug you all day to help them find it.  This toy is really cute, but not worth it.  Save yourself the hassle.  Buy the big barbies and pretend there is a big seashell to play in", 4.0
"I bought this oven for my children. After I lugged it home, my wife, an aspiring novelist, told me that "It was a quear, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Rosenbergs, and I didn't know what I was doing in New York." I said "Don't you like the kid's new stove?" She replied, "How frail the human heart must be - a mirrored pool of thought. "", 4.0
"I left it at that, and cooked some macaroni and cheese for dinner, after a good cigar and a glass of Weller's, I came back into the kitchen, only to discover....well, that's a long story, I just hope you realize this ain't no kids stove, it's the real deal, bud. Chance rules every corner of the universe except the chambers of the human heart", 5.0
"If you want your child to know the true & Bibical account of Jesus' birth...the shepherds came first!", 4.0
"An angel announced His birth the shepherds hurried to see Mary, Joseph & baby Jesus.", 5.0
"They were first on the scene. Some chronicle the kings coming as much as three years later.", 4.0
"I will return my three sets & order the one with the bells & whistles AND two shepherds!!", 5.0
"this is not quite what I was expecting - I thought the mat was at least electronic or something to provide feedback, however it's just a plain cheap filmsy plastic mat that really adds nothing to the whole cheerleading experience.  Also, the video really moves too fast for my 4 yr old daughter and just up frustrating her.  It might work okay for older kids, but it's not very good for the younger ones", 5.0
"Product is average...", 5.0
"On ours the button whole is sewed so tight even I have problems buttoning... impossible for my 20 month old.  It says clothes remove fully and easily... which I thought would be great for my daughter since she likes to try and dress things... but the pullover has to be removed by pulling over the head and it isn't easy... and again is almost impossible for a little one.  Also... ours didn't come with a back pack which I'm sure would have made the toy more fun!  Perhaps she'll gain interest and capability with the toy in months to come... but right now... she has about as much interest in it as she does in say... carpet", 5.0
"I was very disappointed with the durability and time that it took to get this tent set up. It took me about 2 1/2 hours to assemble the tent and then once it was up it could never stay up. The joining brackets couldn't hold the poles together and everytime the tent was moved or touched it fell apart. I went inside the tent to put it back together and one of the poles fell straight down hitting me under the eye and cut it. This is why I am returning it. If it's not safe for me to be in then I certainly don't want my daughter playing in it", 5.0
"This toy needs work ... First of all, it's HEAVY!  My daughter (now 19 months) usually likes to pick it up and throw it.  After all, it IS a ball!  We have hardwood floors - throwing this ball is extremely loud and it can really do some damage to our floors!  We don't have any problems with it moving around ... however ... when you're asked to find something on the ball, even I have a hard time finding it to push the button in time.  So, I don't know how a 6 month+ baby/child could find the correct answer in time.", 5.0
"I think this is a nice idea for a toy, but it just doesn't work.  It is colorful, and my daughter does enjoy throwing it, but that's obviously not it's intended use.  She never played with this toy as a crawling infant.  She only plays with it now, and she only throws it.  Please don't waste your money on this toy.  It's not worth it", 5.0
"We bought three of these over the last few months since they keep breaking.  The last one lasted a single afternoon, and the kids were upset when it broke yet again.  Its not made very well; dont waste your mone", 5.0
"My 3 yr old son received this toy last year for Christmas and was so excited. In less than a week, one of the rear wheels cracked in half, rendering it a non-returnable piece of junk", 5.0
"Yo Brannan, Relinquished does not fuse to or more monsters.  It lets you equip oppontents monsters to it.  Learn Yugioh you... error!!!  My favorite cards in pegasus deck are toon world, relinguished, and blue eyes toon dragon.  I gave the durability 2 stars because when you leave your cards in the sun in the car, they get in bad cond.  You know that annoying snap action.  The only thing i don't like like about pegasus deck is that theres not that many high attack monsters. I would reccomed deck protecters.  Also buy a kaiba evolution for megamorph.  In pegasus deck use seven tools of the bandit you lose 1000 LP.  Then use Toon World.  You lose another 1000 LP.  Special Summon Blue Eyes Toon Dragon.  Then use Megamorph.  6000 LP for your Toon Dragon.  Then use Toon Special ability.  Your opponent losses 6000 LP and he/she probobly will lose.  Lose 2000 LP with Seven Tools! Megamorph is worth it!!!!  Hope my review was helpful.  P.S. Brannan this is a good review.", 5.0
"Quick shipping on product but the product was not what I was hoping for.  The "snow" was much grainer than I had expected.  I had seen what I thought was the same item in stores during the holiday season and that "instant snow" was very fine and really looked like snow.  This product doesn't look much like snow and doesn't have the same texture", 5.0
"I was very happy to discover that I could purchase an Asian Cabbage Patch Girl doll...it was for a little Korean girl....the doll pictured on the website looked like the little girl that it was purchased for (the hair). Well, I was excited to find one and I wanted to make sure that I would receive it in time to wrap it and mail it to Texas in time for Christmas.  I ordered in on the 27th and received it on Dec. 1st (I paid for faster shipping).  When I opened the box it was an Asian doll but not the one with the ponytails...this doll had short hair.  I called Amazon immediately and although they expressed being sorry they said that they could not guarantee that it wouldn't happen again. I have used Amazon before with no problems but I am extremely unhappy with the bait and switch.  I should have read the other reviews.  I will never let that happen again.  BEWARE...do not order things of this nature from this website.  You will be disappointed", 5.0
"IF YOU WANT A BEAUTIFUL ASIAN DOLL, I JUST FOUND A COUPLE IN EBAY UNDER " ASIAN BERENGUER GIRL DOLL ".  THE ONE I GOT ON EBAY WAS GORGEROUS!!!  MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT AND WON'T LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT.", 5.0
"Got this for Xmas present for 2 year old. He loved it, but sounds and steam quickly stopped working with zero abuse. Incredibly cheap for a toy costing 40 bucks. This is just how to ruin a fan of the show. The folks who design such badly designed stuff should be ashamed of themselves. My son is important and deserves toys that can last more than two days", 5.0
"BUYER BEWARE!!!!", 5.0
"I recently ordered (December 15th, 2007) this product through Amazon filled by Joe Brands for my son for Christmas.  On Amazon's website it says you can cancel an order any time before it ships, if it does ship, you simply refuse receipt.  I canceled this order on December 16th less than 24 hours after I placed it, I called and emailed Joe Brands & emailed Amazon. Never the less the package arrives on December 22nd.  I called the shipping company, called and emailed Joe Brands, emailed Amazon and the package was finally picked up on the 27th of December.  The billing however has yet to be straighted out.  My credit card has yet to be credited, I do not have the product, and no one returns calls or emails.  BUYER BEWARE!!!", 4.0
"My husband and I have ignored many poor reviews in choosing toys for our 18-month old and have often been pleasantly surprised to see our son thoroughly enjoying such toys.  Unfortunately, this was not the case with the Peg Perego Thomas Ride-On train. He is exceptionally tall and strong for his age, yet there is no way his hand could possibly depress the button required to keep the train moving, much less hold it down for any length of time.  So the operation of the train requires an adult to depress the button and spin in circles while your child bats your hand away and is totally distracted from the experience.  My son enjoys pushing the train along the track more than riding it.  However, the train is flimsy and easily comes off the track, so this usually lasts a few seconds before he is again frustrated and annoyed.  All this and then you need to get out the screwdriver to charge the battery every time you  "play" with it.  Don't buy this toy or you will be kicking yourselves like we are.  It's a gimmicky piece of plastic junk that even major Thomas-lovers will probably not enjoy.", 4.0
"The start button is too difficult for even a three year old to hold down. The battery is tedious to re-charge (required after every use!). Dangerous. When child leans slightly to the side the entire engine will turn over. For all your time and money you will only see a child with a bored expression - or a frustrated child who can't operate start button alone. You could tape down the button and then the child must ask for you to stop it. Total supervision required any way you look at it. A real expensive, gimicky toy!", 4.0
"I was so disappointed with this item. My son (who's 3) received this for his bday. The child has to continuously hold down a button with his hand to keep the train moving and my son couldn't do it. He ended up getting so frustrated, he broke down in tears! The noises the train makes are MUCH TOO LOUD! And you need a lot of room in your home to set up the track, which we do not have. I was surprised at how poorly designed this was since it's a Peg Perego. The manufacturers should've really tried this one out on the recommended age group before they released it. Why couldn't there be a pedal to step on to make it go like every other ride-on toy for little ones? I put it back in the box and back to the store it went.", 5.0
"This one doesn't work. It is supposed to come on when it hits the water and it doesn't. One it came on randomly but we couldn't seem to replicate it. None of this type of fish seem to do all that well but this one is worse than the others. He is pretty though", 5.0
"It never worked - period.  Not even for a second.  Get the disney fish - it doesn't look as real but at least it works.", 5.0
"My five and half year old daughter asked for this particular barbie doll. She was so happy when she opened her present and found Mermaidia Elina doll. She took it out of the box and started to play with it. Soon enough she lost interest however. The wings are large, so large they are actually a burden. Placing the doll inside the mermaid tail is not easy for little hands either. All in all, this doll is just "make-up" if you see what I mean. Pretty but not easy to play with, and easily forgotten. She is on a stand in my daiughter's room, and hasn't been touched or played with since Christmas morning...", 5.0
"Not worth the price", 5.0
"I purchased this product along with the Koi and turtle and they worked for one day. The koi would not turn off unless the batteries were pulled out. The turtle would not turn on unless you physically held the button in and the fish just quit altogether and sunk to the bottom of the pool.", 4.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old and as another reviewer said....he would have to be double his size for it to fit (he wears a size 5-6)....and the items attached to it keep falling off.  We had to Duct tape it together to fit him because of course I would rather have returned it...but it was his favorite present!!!  It frustrates him a lot so I do not see him sticking with it!", 5.0
"I bought this for my son's fourth birthday because he's a superhero nut. It's a cute toy except for one critical flaw: it doesn't come anywhere near fitting around the waist of my average-sized 4-year-old (wears a size 4T). I'm talking about three inches of waist gap on even the smallest setting. Yet the belt can be adjusted to a size that would fit a teenager. If you have a 9-year-old who loves running around in a Batman costume, go for it. As for my 4-year-old, he still plays with it sometimes, but we keep it on him with a pair of firefighter's suspenders.", 5.0
"Update: The thick plastic of the belt is now ripped halfway apart. We've only had it two months, and he's hardly played with it for the abovementioned reasons. Not so great for Batman, but perfect for playing Super Chintzy Toy Man", 5.0
"FIRST OF ALL, THE QUALITY IS HORRENDOUS. SECOND OF ALL, THE RULES ARE SO NONSENSICAL AND COMPLICATED. I HAD TO CHANGE THE RULES JUST TO MAKE THIS GAME PLAYABLE AND ENJOYABLE. YOU THINK THAT THEY WOULD MAKE A BETTER GAME FOR LOYAL FRIENDS FANS. I GUESS NOT. AT LEAST THE QUESTIONS ARE GOOD. THEY ARE NOT ALL EXTREMELY EASY WHICH MAKES IT FUN TO PLA", 4.0
"My son (now 4) loves cars, so when I saw this bed frame, I thought this is it!  Well, looks can fool you.  I also read many glowing reviews about this bed frame, so I was confident that this was a MUST buy.  But after using it for a while (1 year now), I am very disappointed.  If I would buy another bed frame, this one would not be in my shopping list.", 4.0
"What I and all my family don't like about this frame :", 5.0
"1.  The front end of the car frame is shaped like a sports car, so people hit that protruding part all the time when walking in the room, making people falter sometimes.", 5.0
"2.  Since it is made of plastic, it gets really cold, and it really feels terrible.  I don't know why it is damn cold all the time.", 5.0
"3.  I had to exchange the regular-height box spring for a half-height one, because the regular-height box spring would be too high and the sides of the bed frame would not provide adequate protection against falling.", 4.0
"4.  So many toys and things fall between the mattress and the bed frame.  I have to lift the damn mattress and then go into the car frame to pick up all the junk that my son loves to shove into the little openings.", 4.0
"5.  I think the bed frame takes up way too much space for a twin sized bed.  It is waste of space.", 5.0
"6.  My son was disappointed that the wheels don't spin.  And I think he has a point, since this bed frame costs so much.  My son now don't even think it's a cool thing.  Well, he stopped liking the bed only after a few days.", 5.0
"7.  The head part of the bed is also plastic, and for some reason, your head can go under that plastic, because that head part comes over the mattress.  It is quite annoying, and we had to put another pillow to cover that part of the frame.  And you can't even use it as a shelf since it is not flat.  Dolls and little toys that we put up there would slide down to hit our son or slide to the sides and fall into the corner where there is a big opening between the walls and the car frame.", 5.0
"8.  Again, it is very very cold, and it really feels terrible when you want to sleep at night and everything around you is so cold and hard.", 5.0
"This is a miserable bed, and I feel bad that I bought this horrible bed for my loving son.  We are gonna sell it for 100 dollars (we hope) in the summer.", 4.0
"The only reason for giving 2 stars is because, it is very solid", 4.0
"all non-yellow parts of the ducks are painted and come off pretty easily. a little moisture and some teeth for a minute can remove paint.  this toy is best for those who are past placing toys or anything in their mouth. I still think they are cute and a great idea...just need to be made better/safer", 5.0
"The wooden Thomas the Tank Engine trains do not fit in this case.  The case is way to small for the trains to fit in.  I would not recommend anyone buying this item.  It is just a brightly painted metal box, that doesnt serve any useful purpose.  The manufactor should be ashamed for false advertising.", 5.0
"My son received this as a gift.  I love that the inside is set up like "shelves".  My son loves to organize his trains in it.  I don't like how thin the metal is.  It dents as easy as a cola can.  If it were made better, it would be worth the money.  Save your money on this one and find something better made", 5.0
"Well, now this carry case is a goner.  The latch will no longer close and the top rim is hopelessly bent.  It was fun while it lasted", 5.0
"This game has zero replay value. Once you play the three episodes, you're done. Each run through of each episode is the same. Played through the entire disc in an hour and half. My advice: Spend a few dollars more and get Scene It!", 5.0
"i bought this thinking it was going to be really cool, but it was very boring and stupid.  it contains 3 puzzles all of which a 5 yr old can do and the games are the most stupid games ever.  the one with the spinner only shows the objects on the puzzle move smaller as you look at it.  thats the whole thing.  your pupil is just going back to its smaller, regular size and it makes the picture look like it's getting smaller.  and the one with the magic cards is rediculous.  anyone can see that all you have to do is choose the cards that you can see the character you chose through.  very disapointing.  i wish i could have seen the box before i bought it.  then i would have seen just how lame this was", 4.0
"My daughter plays with an older round version sit and spin at daycare alot. All the kids like it there. She got the Simon Says version for Christmas from her aunt and it pretty much sucks. She tried to play with it every once in a while but got so frustrated we have now just put it the attic because she won't touch it and it was in the way. It doesn't spin very well at all (possibly due to the oval shape??) no matter where my daughter sits on it. Also the audio is very loud and annoying with no volume control. Also it seems much cheaper made than the older style she plays with at daycare. I would say DON'T waste your money on the Simon Says Sit n Spin - try to find an older one at a second hand store or garage sale. My recommendation to Playskool would be to go back to the original design - a round sit n spin, no sound - just pure and simple fun", 4.0
"I can see from reading the below reviews that I'm not the only one who hates this thing. What a total waste! I got it for my little one, remembering how much I (and every other kid I've ever known) loved this toy. Well, this version has been made too safe to have any fun on. It barely spins. If you want your toddler to develop amazing upper body strength, then force them to work out on this thing a couple times a day. It's almost impossible to spin and you never get up any momentum at all. Not to mention the loud loud music with no volume control. Which I could deal with if the thing was any fun at all", 4.0
"We bought this gadget for our 2-year old. To risk sounding like a broken record--or faulty spinning plastic toy, in this case--I'll just add my vote to the design flaws:", 5.0
"1. Volume. Not only is the volume loud, it's unbearably so. Even my daughter grabs her ears when she's playing on it. The voice is a bit garbled as well, so when the command 'Ready..Spin!' sounds more like 'Wordy...SPEW!' I prefer to spare my daughter's hearing loss for live concerts in her teenage years, so I've disabled the on/off switch.", 5.0
"2. Spin quality. A Sit n' Spin should have a fluid, effortless motion (like a lazy susan). This toy requires enormous effort to turn. To add to my daughter's frustation, the handle's base gives a bit (even with screws tightly fastened), making for a tedious experience rather than the joy ride we loved as kids.", 5.0
"Spare the expense and the frustration of fitting this thing in the garbage can on collection day--buy an easel and finger paint kit instead.", 5.0
"My two year old absolutely would not leave the store without this and she still plays with it a year later. However, there are two problems. One, it immediately needed repair to the basic connections and, two, it has a pinching hazard between the basket and the frame. But of course, my daughter never noticed either of those. She simply loves to play with it, constantly, and has to take it on walks around the block", 4.0
"The features on this toy are cute, just not planned out very well.  My boys love the music and bubbles, but the micky and goofy that go up and down on the sides broke off after a couple days.  The voice recorder is very hard to work because of a short cord. For a ride on my boyslike the radiio flyer retro rocket more.  Overall, in our house this is a bubble machine.", 4.0
"I though this shark would be bigger.  I bought the same one at a gift shop in RI for 99 cents 2 years ago", 5.0
"This Item is nothing like Picture poorly made I could have made a better one myself out of old pillow cases.Not worth the money avoid this item", 5.0
"it lauches the marble so forcefully that the marble bounces off of the ramp it is being lauched to.  Instead of using it for the fridgits set, my youngest son used it to launch M&M's (but that's another story)..", 4.0
"A friend of mine has Zombies!!!, also by Twilight Creations.  I've played it a few times, and found it pretty enjoyable.", 5.0
"Zombietown is sort of a followup to this in some ways, and tries to expand the strategy of the game somewhat.", 5.0
"Unfortunately, it ends up far too confusing and complicated to make for fast gameplay (it's often very slow, in fact), and the strategy is more shallow than Risk.", 4.0
"Ya know the stereotypically confusing instructions of insert Tab A into Slot B?  That's pretty much what the instructions to this read like.  They're fairly poorly written to boot.  There were also a couple problems we ran into the rules didn't seem to cover.  I can't recall them off the top of my head, and they didn't come up very often, but it was still irritating.", 5.0
"Overall, definetly not reccomended.  At $40 in stores, and $35 off Amazon, it's also a HUGE ripoff.  What do you get in the box?  Like 100 tiny army men-esque figures, a couple of packs of cards, and a laminated piece of cardboard.  I understand why it is expensive, as I'm sure this was a low budget item and such, but Zombies!!! was much less expensive.", 5.0
"If rating a &quot;no star&quot; was possible, that's what it really deserves.  I bought this for my two year old twin boys and as I was inflating it - with a handpump - it blew at the seams!  Beyond patching!  Unfortunately they never even knew that they had it.  I would not buy it again because of the quality of the product.  How can kids be safe jumping on something that blows out when being pumped by a hand pump???  That's like blowing it up by mouth!", 4.0
"I got this on clearance like 2 years ago. I new it would not hold up. I had many kids on it because I do home daycare. My rule was only 3 kids at a time. The bigger kids could only go on 2 at a time. It got 3 holes which I patched. They even took naps in it. I must of had It for about 6 months and only keep it up for like a week at a time. My problem was it was hard to store. I had to leave it inflated some and pushed it in back of my closet. Finaly one of the big kid did a big belly flop on it and popped the seem. No way was that fixable. If I ever find it on clearance again I would buy it but not for what they are asking for it. Not worth it if it will break in a couple of months", 5.0
"Had 3 leaks all in the seams! Could not patch correctly even after waiting the &quot;30 mins.&quot; to re-infalte like the directions stated. My son was extremely upset. From other reviews, it sounds like there is a 50/50 chance of getting a good product", 4.0
"We bought this for our 3 year old daughter for Christmas.  We turned it on right away and she was very excited until the sound suddenly started to fade out.  We thought it was just a case of dead batteries, so we replaced the batteries - several times - until we realized the product was just bad.  When trying to get it replaced, we were told they were out of stock and our money would be refunded instead.  Needless to say, our daughter was very sad and we will not be buying this product anywhere, ever.  We'll just stick with another type of keyboard to help our daughter develop a love of music", 5.0
"I was looking for a durable tape player for the kids and this was not it.  The microphone only worked for a couple of weeks.  It plays tapes ok but would have liked to play with the other features before they stopped functioning.  My kids are rough on toys but not that rough", 4.0
"Christmas morning, my daughter tears the paper off this toy and is soooo exited. What a disapointment. Nothing I did caused the tail to wag, the leg to move and no licking action. I changed the batteries, still nothing. After hours of trying to get it to work, I went on line here and read somebody elses review about rubbing under the collar VERY HARD. Finally, the tail wagged, the foot moved and then, it actually licked. What a piece of work, very cute but WAY too much work. In time, I will eventually rub all the fur off under the collar. Save your money", 5.0
"I support the comments that others make: this game is so poorly designed, it is laughable. I cannot imagine that the designers or writers even sat down to play the game once.  Forget trying to follow the directions; they left out many important rules.  The board doesn't work, especially the way the pieces fit into it, and what a terrible ending with a spinner that doesn't even work like a spinner.  What is up with that?  Forget this game", 5.0
"Well, this game is fun but I can't believe some people thought that it would actually take you into space!", 5.0
"Well, Its kinda stupid you just take apart a house puzzle according to some stupid card. But still, the game is really fun.", 5.0
"--- Delane", 5.0
"We bought this dollhouse, because when we went to the store, it had an adorable display and looked like a step up from the Twintime Dollhouse, which has very small rooms.  You could press the button on the display, and the people would talk to each other.  My kids thought it would be great.  When we were at Toys R Us, I looked for accessory furniture/people/animal sets to go along with this dollhouse.  I did not see any.  I thought it was probably due to Christmas just having passed.  We got home, opened the dollhouse and discovered that there really were not many phrases that the provided people/furnitureanimal did, so I went to Amazon to try to find more sets in order to achieve the purpose of this dollhouse (to get the 200 phrases). Thats when reality set in that we had just made a huge mistake.  You cannot find ANY accesory pieces for this set.  You can go on Ebay and pay many times more than the original price for USED furniture.  I was really disappointed.  I even tried the Fisher Price website, only to find that they are marketing the Twintime Dollhouse furniture for this Sweet Sounds Dollhouse.  What a shame and a sham....  I really like Fisher Price toys and we have many, but I am very disappointed in the fact that they are trying to fool the consumer.  What good is a dollhouse, if you cannot get it to accomplish what it says it will do---200 phrases.  Not to mention, what is included with the Sweet Sounds Dollhouse is not much.  Just a Mom, Dad, girl, baby, swing, cradle, radio, cat, and a scant few more pieces.  Definately not enough to keep the kids interested for long!", 5.0
"There are actually three Fisher Price dollhouses that are still available, this one, the Twintime Dollhouse, and the one we eventually ended up buying at Value City (also available on Ebay)--the Fisher Price Special Edition Townhouse.  It has a doorbell that rings, doors that open, birds that sing, phone that rings, lights that come on, fridge light comes on, computer lights up(and is part of a desk set attached to the dollhouse), and a fireplace that crackles and lights up (which is also attached to the dollhouse).  These things are all ON THE DOLLHOUSE itself.  No accesory furniture or people are needed to make this happen.  The battery replacement compartment is on the back on this dollhouse not the bottom, like the Sweet Sounds one.  The front of the Townhouse has flower boxes with likelike flowers you place in them (comes with the set).  You can get it A LOT cheaper than the Sweet Sounds Dollhouse, too (almost half the cost). It comes with a great deal of furniture:  2 beds with pillows and comforters and blankets, a lawnchair, 3 people, potted plant, real curtains, kitchen table and chairs, clothing for the people, computer chair, lounge chair and more.  The kitchen counter, stove, microwave and fridge are part of the dollhouse.  It also has closet doors that open and stairs the people can walk up.  You practically do not need to buy anything else, but if you do, you can get the Loving Family accesory people and furniture sets.  This dollhouse is so much larger to boot.  There is plenty of room to put everything. It shuts and closes together just like the Sweet Sounds, but it is clearly larger.  We also thought about the Twintime, but it had too many comments on how small the rooms were and the display at Toys R Us looked jammed packed.  I did not know how more than one child could play with it and not have a shoving match, because they could not play, as well.", 4.0
"My kids absolutely the Townhouse with all of its sounds, especially the doorbell.  The great thing about it is that these are greatly reduced in price, because they are an older model, which is what they should do with the Sweet Sounds Dollhouse.  Let the public know ahead of time, so their kids do not get disappointed, because it does not live up to what it says at the store. Thank Goodness I was able to take mine back, because I had my receipt and box.  Be careful and keep the box and receipt if you do choose to buy this dollhouse even after all of the warnings, because after your kids see that it does not do what it says and because it is on the small side compared with the Townhouse version, they may not want to keep it. When we took ours back, a Toys R Us worker stopped and talked to us and agreed that Fisher Price is just trying to get rid of their extra stock of Sweet Sounds Dollhouses. Unfortunately, it is at the consumers expense and disappointment!!", 5.0
"My 5 yr. old son got this for Christmas and played with it only while we where watching (so we know he didn't do anything to break it).  The day after Christmas morning it stopped working...we changed the batteries that came with it and still it made noise but no longer would the shovel go up and down nor would it go in reverse.  I bought this from Toys R Us in our hometown.  I  threw the box away on Christmas day so I can't take it back.  I will try calling the company.", 5.0
"I'm sure this would be a fun toy, but for us it didn't last long enough to find out.  We had this in our pool for 5 minutes and one of the guns stopped working.  The boys were very disappointed!", 5.0
"I will be taking this back to the store tonight and try to exchange it with a new one that hopefully works", 4.0
"Painting the plates is a fun activity because you can be creative. The only problem is that you have to be careful or they could crack or break", 4.0
"Want a sure fire way to kill your party??  Put this DVD in, turn the music off, make people sit down and play this game.  It was not fast, it was not frightening, it was not fun. Your guests would have more fun watching the paint dry in your basement", 5.0
"This is a very cute set however, it's not very well made and the holders are free-standing so when a ball knocks against it they fall over.  In regular croquet the wires are pushed into the ground so you don't have that problem.  With kids . . . the stands are knocked over frequently so you have to run over and set them back up in order for the game to continue.  I wouldn't buy this set again if I had it to do over.  Disappointing", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter when she was 2. I agree with the other reviewer about the weight of the product. It is so heavy that it can actually hurt a child if it turns over. I still let my daughter play with it but only when she's being supervised around it. And I have to make sure that the toy is not on any type of unstable ground. There are other good shape sorters out there - I wouldn't waste the money on this one because of the potential safety hazard.", 4.0
"We bought this toy and returned it as it is poorly designed.  Because it is tall and narrow, once a few blocks are in it, it is nearly impossible to get any of the shapes in the lowest holes as the space inside the building is filled with blocks already.  This was a frustrating, not very fun toy for our then 12 month old son", 5.0
"This seemed to be well put together and would do the job fine except it was not stated anyware that I saw as to the weight the zip line was for.  Rated at only 100 pounds was not enough of a weight limit for this child.  This information should be published in the advertisment", 4.0
"The first time I "flew" the chicken it flopped 2 feet in front of me.  The second time it went about 6 feet.  The third time it decapitated!  I was left with a piece of stuffed chicken in each hand.  Unless you are accomplished at disassembling and reassembling stuffed animals, it is not repairable.", 5.0
"Save your money for something else", 5.0
"My daughter loves the van but can rarely use it all alone! The doors pop off the babies fall out of their seats the stroller gets stuck on the roof rack (an elastic band) and the seat belts are just annoying! I can't even buckle them all up! Needless to say she still wants to play with it", 4.0
"I'm sorry no as a matter of fact I am not sorry this doll looks like she can be in three six mafia video dancing in the background. Who told Mattel that this was a good idea? Is this Mattel's vein attempt to give the dolls an "urban" feel if Mattel feels this is appropriate to teach young girls to dress like ho's and teach them that their body is all that they have to offer then Mattel has some messed up views of the world. Honestly people this doll is not innocent looking it looks like it could be on that HBO documentary about hookers. What happened to the times when a kid could be a kid and play with a normal looking doll.", 5.0
"We like the lunchbox because of the cute designs,but were a little disappointed in it's durability. The first time I dropped it on the ground,it scratched off parts of the design. So,mom did some creative thinking and did some touch up paint and sealed the design with "self laminating sheets". That did the trick. We also wished the thermos and lunchbox were insulated. Other than that, it's o.k", 5.0
"My son is a Thomas fanatic.  This lunchbox didn't last one week without one of the legs snapping off, so it wouldn't stand up.  Then a few weeks later, he dropped it and the handle shattered.  Total waste of money.  It's a shame - it has a nice storage box in front, but the quality is below even what I'd expect from a Chinese sweatshop", 5.0
"The box was a huge hit with my 4 year old and he LOVED the extra, "hidden" compartment for his treat on the front.  Ours however got a crack in it within the first few weeks.  It must have dropped just right on a corner.  It's still usable, but we'll probably be switching before Christmas break", 5.0
"I would not suggest the purchase of this product as you will only get a few laughs before it starts falling apart to a useless stage.  If you have the money, and you want to buy it go ahead.  Maybe it's a great product and I just got a defective one, but still not a good show of product to me on their part", 5.0
"Just about everything negative that can be said about this doll has been said here, but I still feel that I have to put my two cents in.  My daughter will be nine next month and, as always, she wants a Barbie doll for her birthday.  This is one doll that not only will my daughter NOT be getting, but one that she will never even see if I can help it.  Little girls love things that are shiny and sparkly and glitzy, but this doll goes way beyond that.  The doll looks like a [...].  The clothes and makeup just do not make sense in any other context.  Yes, it's just a doll, and it's the parent's responsibility--not the toy company's--to teach kids what is okay and what isn't.  But do you want your sweet little girl looking at this and imagining how pretty she will look one day in a crotch-length skirt?", 5.0
"This is a new low, even for our feminazi-drenched anti-culture.  The whole message of this whore of a doll is to tell impressionable little girls that being superficial, arrogant, shallow and slutty are positive attributes, desirable & healthy, and that by contrast, having true strength of character, integrity, honor and modesty are for 'losers.'  In other words, looking and behaving like a skank tramp = "empowerment."  That term has been SO misued over the last 30 years (and particularly the last 10), that it ceases to have any truth to it whatsoever.  Barbie used to epitomize what it meant to be feminine, a lady, and fulfilled -- with a husband, a home and children.  Now that standard has been completely perverted and ruined with the onset of dolls like this -- exchanging true values (being a good wife and mother) for false ones (materialism and promiscuity).  Even Barbie's face has been uglified -- grossly overdone mascara/eyeliner and collagened-out lips -- resembling those hideous whored-out Bratz dolls.  Realize -- this is a WAR on our children's souls!", 5.0
"Mattel should be ashamed of themselves, to the hilt.  This is child abuse, pure and simple.  Any mother who allows their child to get one of these monstrosities should be jailed for neglect and have her tubes tied", 5.0
"Isn't Barbie supposed to be pretty? She looks like an ugly prostitute, hands down. I wouldn't "wear that to a club" and neither would ANY of my friends. Her make up is gross, and especially the look on her face says, "Do me now." There's a difference between beauty and over-the-top trashy. You can't deny that she looks like a porn-star, which is an industry that is illegal for teenagers who get this doll to participate in, but I guess we're preparing our youth for this at a younger age now", 5.0
"Ever wonder what drives someone's daughter to go into porn? This has got to be some of the most irresponsible marketing ever. Please do yourself a favor and make sure toy companys get the message to stop peddling this type of garbage", 4.0
"Ok, I don't have this doll, I won't buy this doll...If I ever have a little girl she will never have anything like this. I saw some girls saying how the doll was appropriate for 10-13 and I almost fell out of my chair! This doll is -IN-appropriate for someone under 21! The short skirts the short tops. How the heck can Mattel think that this was a good idea? I'm 23 years old and I would NEVER dress like that NOR would I allow my CHILD to dress like that. Bottom line: SHAME ON YOU MATTEL!!", 4.0
"This is pretty much kid vs kid only.  Adults cannot play along.  You can make it into a solo game for one child, but its really more like flash cards for spelling if you do that.", 5.0
"The product is basically a set of flash cards for spelling, with some letter cubes for the kids to spell out the words.  The rules propose two games, which are basically see if the kids spells the word right, they get to keep the card if they do, first kid with 5 cards wins.  Adults can pretend to play along if the child is younger and will "fall for it."  It really works as a game only if there are two kids the same age playing.", 5.0
"I don't know, but I can't see my daughter pulling this out when a friend comes over.  Therefore, to the extent this is a set of flash cards for spelling, its kind of expensive for what it is.", 4.0
"Don't get me wrong, you can definitely make it into a learning tool.  Your call.", 5.0
"Like many others, the arm on my 4 year olds excavator broke as well  Who can we contact for help?  There is NO information on the box", 5.0
"Toy makes EXTREMELY loud animal noises, along with a screeching motor when backing up or at top speed going forward.  My son enjoyed the heck out of it for about 2 minutes before my wife said it was going back to the store, which is exactly what I was thinking.", 5.0
"At least 3-4x louder than any other toy i've ever seen, let alone purchased.", 5.0
"Also when performing its "flip" maneuver, it gets stuck 70% of the time and then makes the same screeching motor sound while it repeatedly tries to reset its "flip arm".", 5.0
"Might be okay for just outside use if you can stand a lot of high pitched noise.", 5.0
"Controller was extremely toddler friendly compared to other RC toys.  Toy also seemed fairly tough.", 5.0
"I bought this for my 4 year old grandson for Christmas.  We opened it up and sat on the floor and began putting it together.  He was excited because he is a Lighting McQueen fan.  He got about four pieces of it together and got very frustrated.  It would not stay together.  THE PUZZLE IS JUNK!!!!!!!!  The pieces are not flat and do not interlock so that they stay together.  He lost interest and left.  I finished it enough so that they were laying together to see the picture - which is very cute.  But, no way would they ever all fit together.  Do not waste your money on this.  I also had to retape the corners of the box, as they were all coming apart too.  Yea for cheap imports.  The USA is so much better off for them???????", 5.0
"a waste of my hard to come by money--- I am on a fixed income and bought this item for my 10 month old grandson for Christmas. Really a disappointment, good idea-BUT he can't even hear the animal sounds because they are so low..... If I could have taken it away from him, I definitely would have returned it for a refund!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 4.0
"Big disappointment. Cheaply made. T-rex model does not snap together, can not even fit together as parts are improperly molded.  Microscope less functional than a magnifying lens.  Volcano is ok, the plaster does work, but you must provide ingredients for the eruption.  Weather center very very flimsy and breaks.  I was quite surprised a name like Smithsonian would be associated with this low of quality in a product.  Supplies for crystals subpar for what is required.  Was an enormous disapointment after the holidays for my sons.", 5.0
"I have to agree with the first two comments.   We went to check it out after my 4 year old saw it on TV and liked it because the bear had glasses just like him. The product seemed decent in the store, so we bought it. He has only played with it once or twice since Christmas. The only time he had fun with it was when I got mad and yelled at the thing because it wouldn't do what it is supposed to.  SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DON'T BUY THIS JUNK", 4.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old daughter for Christmas.  She played the sound game.  She always got the answer correct, but 60-70% of the time the bear still said it was incorrect.  The rest of the family tried it and it did the same thing.  Therefore, this is not a learning toy and it is no fun.  After trying a few times and the bear telling my daughter she was incorrect when she actually was, she decided she hated the thing and didn't ever want to play with it again.  I took the thing back to the store and got a refund", 5.0
"I bought this with high hopes of getting a well modeled vehicle. It took about only ten minutes to put together, and it comes with General Greivous!!! But, the legs are really weird. I wasted $20.00 dollars at a local super target I could have got a star wars video game or a few figs..... I just like adding it to my collection. But, if you have the Obi-Wan with Boga, put them together like I did.", 5.0
"The Star Wars saga has introduced some really good toys, I am just saying that this toy is fairly good. Not a favorite. I suggest it to a collecter only........", 5.0
"I love the line of E3 collectables. They really rock. I suggest this because it is okay in the stage of durable and fun. Star Wars E3 General Greivous' wheel bike is a great toy I hope people should think about buying", 5.0
"This is more for a kid who is 4 or 5 years old NOT 8-11 as it states.", 5.0
"Talk about a waste of money. I returned this the next day for a refund as my 10 year old daughter would have been so upset with me had she received this under the Christmas tree this year.", 5.0
"It was a shame the description wasn't more accurate, because I was not refunded my expedited shipping costs I paid for this "TOY"", 4.0
"Thumbs Dow", 5.0
"Just what the world needs, another clone of the worst board game ever to sell like hotcakes.", 5.0
"I can not think of any reason to recommend this game. The winner is determined by luck, there is no skill involved in winning this or any game of monopoly. The game hardly fits into a single evening of play, and for a few unlucky players who exit early that means either sitting around watching or finding something else to do (This may be a blessing if it means not playing anymore).", 5.0
"So to anyone who is buying this to play it (not because you are a huge dog fan and must own everything that has a dog on it) I recommend that you look into a better product.", 5.0
"I would start by going to Google and searching on "board game". Follow the 1st link you find", 5.0
"this product arrived broken and all the pieces are smashed.  The saddest part is it was a birthday gift for a child who really wanted to play.  Now, learning I purchased this from toys r us via amazon have found i cannot return it to amazon it has to go thru the manufacturer. To rate this product is very hard because it is in pieces.", 5.0
"I bought this for my 7 year old son. It did not take long before the A and B buttons became stuck in the down position. The games were not that challenging for a 7 year old. But he thought it was great when the A and B buttons fouled up, he said it made it more of a challenge. Dad thinks the thing is a piece of crap", 4.0
"I purchased this for my sons birthday this year. He is three. He was so excited to have the play tent but when I took it out of the box and started to put it together I noticed the stitching was not straight and missing in some places. It took him no more than 24 hours to brake it. The plastic supports and cheap fabric were horrible. There was also a center support pole with no place to put it. He likes it but the quality craftmanship was a ZERO.", 5.0
""Jack" doesn't pop up after only a few weeks of owning it.  Don't waste your money", 4.0
"I bought this for my pony-obsessed daughter for Christmas, mostly because it was the only way to get the Breezie "Zipzee" (one of the main Breezies in the new movies). Thank goodness I wasn't expecting much out of this toy after reading reviews on the other playsets, because it didn't even last a day! After I assembled the "braiding" handle and my daughter quickly learned how to operate it herself, she came out not an hour later in tears because it had fallen apart. Not the handle you snap on, mind you. That was still firmly attatched. The rest of the mechanism had more or less disintegrated as she used it! Fortunately she gets enough use out of Zipzee and Daffidaisy that it wasn't too much of a loss that I had to throw it away only hours after opening the box.  So, unless you're really after Zipzee or Daffidaisy, don't waste your money on this junky thing that could potentially be a choking hazaard for younger siblings. Horrible!!", 5.0
"I bought this as a Christmas present for my 4-year-old daughter.  She is a huge My Little Pony fan.  Ponyville lives in our house in fact.  We got it out and played with it for a couple hours.  We didn't have the problems described with the hand crank.  That seems to be very durable.  The problem is with the flower that Zippee goes in.  A pony steps on the flower to open the flower and then you wind the gear counter clockwise to close it.", 5.0
"After a couple hours, the flower petals are now broken and can't be repaired.  Toys certainly don't have the quality in them that they used to.  Hasbro's quality in general has declined.  This was demonstrated in the newest My Little Pony Castle as well.", 5.0
"This toy has some neat features.  The crank works well and the braiding mechanism is useful.  The Breezie that lives in the flower goes along with the story in the My Little Pony video series.  The colors are vivid and bright.  I would have liked to suggest that the pink stage that the Daffidazey stands on should have had built-in storage to hold the hair accessories.  Some additional clips would also have been a nice addition to this set.  4 clips for a set that is designed to do all your ponies' hair is a bit skimpy.  The braids are nice and tight and even a young child can operate this toy....with a bit of assistance.  (Hint:  Putting suction cups or velcro hook and loop on the bottom makes it even easier for little ones to play with minimal adult assistance)", 5.0
"worst product ever.  I really trust crayola, but am having doubts after these new outdoor products.  Theyre just terrible- made shotty- they dont work.. i am very disappointed.", 5.0
"this spins so fast that none of the paint comes out- then it just pours out in a big wet mess.", 5.0
"just awful", 5.0
"We bought this for my daughter for her birthday.  Like the previous reviewer we also didn't realize we needed to dilute the paint first.  Even with the paint diluted properly it doesn't really work as expected.  You have to wait for the paint to drip down to the bottom of the tube and then turn the spinner on.  Even then only a bit of paint comes out and you have to turn it off and wait for more to drip down.  I plan on returning this toy for a refund as well.", 5.0
"I bought this product for my children because it looked neat!  What they don't tell you is that the paint must be diluted before you can use it (why not include the pre-diluted paint?  But I digress....).  Even after thinning the paint, the product hardly spins.  If we could get it to work, it seemed like a neat concept.  But it just doesn't work.  I have no idea if it is because it needs very thin paint or the motor is weak or what.  We returned ours for a refund", 4.0
"I purchased this item for my 5 year old daughter who loves Barbie.  It is a simple game, but maybe a little too simple.  She got bored with it really fast.  She played it once and never again.  The board was very flimsy and not made well", 5.0
"Our boys had a good time with this toy, but after a 5-6 launches it broke! Not just the wings but the plastic body.  I feel like it was a waste of money and over priced", 5.0
"I am very disappointed with this product.", 4.0
"The volume is not adjustable, and the default sound setting is so loud that it can be heard in another room, even with a door closed.", 5.0
"Electronic toy voices are occasionally annoying or difficult to understand, this is the case here. So, needing to have something repeated... loudly... can "get on your nerves".", 5.0
"I will be more careful in the future and not assume that all speaking electronic toys come with adjustable volume.", 5.0
"Buyers beware!", 5.0
"My stepmom bought a set of these for each of my three kids ages 12, 9, and 6. All I have to say is do not buy these!!!! My six year old did great on the first page but as the other reviewer said the film gets all over the markers. we even tried washing them off and it did no good. Also when my 6 year old was coloring he would rest his arm on the bottom of the page and when he would pick it up it would be covered in black. Bottom line about 30 minutes after they got them my kids arms and faces were COVERED in black smudges as were my hands somewhat just from holding their pictures to look at them. MESSY MESSY MESSY.  My 12 year old finally just went and stuck one of the papers under running water and washed off all the black to see the neon underneath and this proved to be the least messy but least rewarding way to do it. Good idea bad execution. My kids who are crazy for any kind of arts and crafts HATED these things. Save your money and buy regular papers and markers and crayons", 5.0
"My son loves the Color Wonder line by Crayola, so when I saw that they came out with a new creation called Color Explosion, which is another marker-type of product, I knew I had to try it.  Now, I wish I'd saved my money.", 5.0
"First off, you should know this product is not for preschoolers.  Color Explosion is recommended for children 6-years and up.  Now that I've played with it, I concur.  I came upon this product when arrangements were made to watch my 9 and 10-year old nieces for a week.  I thought the Color Explosion would be a hit, and I planned to treat them with this "art" related project throughout the week.  They were excited to try it, and once I settled Monkey Boy, my 5-year old, with a project of his own, we got started.", 4.0
"At first glance, it looked to be a winner.  The girls were having fun.  Then, we started another page, and the markers became icky.  Gummy is probably a better description.  The markers were covered with a black film, which caused the images to look splotchy, and streaky.  Crayola suggests you wipe the markers off with a paper towel, so we did.  It kept happening.  For instance, we'd draw a short line, and then we'd have to wipe the film off again.  Then, we tried to wipe off the images with a paper towel.  That didn't help either.", 5.0
"Color Explosion is too painstaking for a child's activity.  We began to realize that it wasn't a blast, but a bummer.  Crayola warns against moisture, but even fingerprints will spear the pages, and the film comes off onto your hands, the table, and everything else.  Oh, and if you use the glitter set, it clumps, and mixes with the film, and makes a liquidy black goo that stains fabrics.  The company warns about staining, and suggests washing immediately, but come on.  Did they even test market this product?  What I thought would be an entertaining venture, turned out to be a messy disappointment.", 5.0
"I bought this toy along with Mr. Incredible for my son's birthday.  He loves the movie and was very excited to get these toys.  Unfortanitly, they lasted all of five minutes before Syndromes head fell off, and Mr. Incredibles hand broke off.  After that I had to deal with a crying kid.  If you want the toy just to look at, then it is good, but if you buy it for your child,don't expect it to last long", 5.0
" To start with, the description of this kit is false. There are NOT 75 pieces... only 11. The detail is VERY, VERY poor... large soft-edged raised blocks with only the vaguest resemblance to the Death Star as seen in the films. You'd honestly be better off starting with a smooth plastic ball & making a Death Star from scratch, rather than buying this kit.", 5.0
"As Star Wars kits go, it's better than most. Ertl should have spent more time on the molds and getting the details right.", 5.0
"The kit, while having very few parts, is not a novice kit. It has fit issues and badly &#65279;mis-aligned parts. The upper and lower fuselages do not mate well and the solar panels do not align well with the hull. The solar panels tend to cant to the rear, not setting in line with the fuse.", 5.0
"It's a case of both of the parts, the solar panels and the fuselage being out of alinement. Much work is needed to get the solar panels to aline with the hull and the mounting pylons.", 5.0
"One bright spot is the well defined, engraved panel lines and the small details. The upper hatch and cockpit glass is the clearest of the Star Wars kits I have built.", 5.0
"It's better than the X-Wing and other fighters and is as good in the detail department as the AT-AT. Having not built the rare Tie Fighter kit, I cannot say how it rate against it.", 5.0
"Once the fit problems are dealt with, and a good paint job is applied, it makes a good display, but it requires some modeling experience to get it to look as it should. The stand is not sturdy enough for the weight of the model. I suggest a clear plastic rod and a wooden base", 4.0
"This product is a box o' junk.  My son got this for Christmas this year and it is not even worth whatever the person paid for it.  The hat fell apart within three days (and he hardly played with it - just wore it on his head a few times) - the metal rim around the hat came undone and now there is a sharp metal point sticking out through the cloth on the hat, which is obviously dangerous.  I contacted the company and they have not responded.", 5.0
"The Barbie Plug and Play 12 Dancing Princesses thing is a joke.  My daughter only wanted that for Christmas for three months.  After the one on Christmas morning did not function at all, the second one was so terrible that she gave up after two days.  The graphics are straight from 1981 and the "dancing princesses" even make roboty bendy noises as they move.  Very strange and disappointing", 5.0
"doesn't do much for the price.  basically your daughter watches the ballet dancers on the tv screen & tries to follow along.  it's not even step by step & frankly it's somewhat difficult to follow.  wish i had spent my $$ on something else.  :", 5.0
"I wouldn't even give this toy one star if I wasn't forced to.  Mattel should be ashamed of themselves for putting out a product with 1980's graphics and even worse sound.  It sounds like my husband's 1985 Casio watch.  The only thing they did well with this product is market it.  I gave this to my daughter from Santa and I am still going to return it.", 5.0
"I have to agree with the other on here. I got this for my 5yr for christmas and She seemed to enjoy it the first day using it but now It sits in her room plugged into the tv and she hasnt really gotten much use out of it. I was thinking it was going to be more of a mat where you learn to dance from the mat, not oh watch the charaters on the tv and follow thier lead. I tried and didn't think it was all that fun either. I threw the box away and I'm sure I need that to return it. If I could I would get her something else in return that she could use", 4.0
"Again, the graphics are horrible, the mat is boring and not colorful. My 3 1/2 yr old had a hard time matching the colors on the tv to the ones on the mat b/c they are so faded. She used it once and it has been sitting in the corner ever since...complete waste of money", 5.0
"This was very dissapointing!! my daughter was so excited to get it and could barely use it. the mat is supposed to be color coordinated with the screen however the colors seem to be all the same shade. The mat looks like it comes from the dollar store, or they ran out of color at the factory. My daughter asked her sister why mommy got this ugly one....not like the box or commercial!", 5.0
"Santa gave this to our daughter this year.  I am thoroughly disappointed with it.  We put the batteries in and started it up.  After reading the how to part, the graphics are terrible.  I had to prompt her to which flower to step on, not that that was necessary.  The princesses started dancing without stepping on the flower, it just made a funny sound.  The dancers go fast and fuzzy.  You can't tell for sure what the foot work is doing for the ballroom steps.  I even went on the mat and "tried."  My daughter lasted all of about five minutes and was done.  I hope Santa will take this back", 4.0
"My daughter just received this as a Christmas gift.  She was so excited.  My husband and mother-in-law went to the tv to install it.  15 minutes later my five year old is in tears.  I wish this had been reviewed before we purchased.  The graphics are terrible.  This will be going back to the store.  Glad I still have the receipt.", 5.0
"Like many overhead gym type toys, this one turns out to be for short or legless babies. When my daughter kicks the kickplates, she kicks the toy right away from her (and this is on carpet), and when we brace the toy against something, she kicks herself right out from under the toy. We have found the same to be true for a number of similarly designed toys. Now that we have looked at the box more closely, the baby in the picture has his/her legs bent really hard in order for the baby to fit under the toy. Our daughter is 3 1/2 months old and is already too big for this. On a positive note, this is a very well made toy in all other respects. Looks durable, as are all Chicco toys, and the music and lights are pleasant. Another negative: you apparently have to push the two hanging toys to get them to activate sound and lights, and most babies want to pull them. Might be good for a tummy toy, but we're not waiting for that--we'll try the Chicco 3 in 1 gym instead, as it appears to be a much better bang for the buck and does not have a kick plate", 4.0
"Wish I could give this a negative.  When I did finally get a sticker out, it wouldn't stay stuck to anything for more than five minutes.  Ended up sending it back to the wholesaler as unworkable and overpriced", 4.0
"I recently purchased this computer for my twin granddaughters who are four.  I have returned them because the screen is too small.  Additionally, I thought it would have a word processor; it does not.  It is game oriented", 5.0
"It's Christmas Day, and believe me, the only thing that would get me to sit down at a computer is the level of dissatisfaction I've had with the Thomas battery powered engines.  These trains derail constantly.  I think it is because all four wheels have power, and the front wheels have too much traction, so they are able to climb out of the grooves.  Took me all night to set up a really cool track, and they derail every 40 seconds or so.  Read: 3 year old yelling at train.  Thank goodness I also bought a Brio battery powered engine as well (the Polar Express one).  It works much better.  It has not derailed once all morning.  It also is better in the following ways: 1) It shuts off after 2 minutes so you don't lose battery power, 2) it can go into freewheel mode when you want to use it without power, 3) it goes in reverse, 4) it makes train sounds, 5) the coupling to other cars has a swivel which means it is less likely to derail and more likely to maintain the magnetic connection, 6) it comes with batteries installed.  If "Santa Claus" had not disposed of all the packaging last night, I would return all the battery operated Thomas Trains and go with Brio ones.  Note: there is a good thomas battery powered car which is the jet engine.  This jet engine has the swivel, and seems not to derail, maybe because it pushes the other cars in front of it", 5.0
" This kit is very poorly detailed, and matches the filming miniatures only in the sense of the basic overall profile being pretty close.", 5.0
" There's a MUCH better model of an X-Wing out there. Do a web search for a company called "Fine Molds"... it's a Japanese company that makes a finely-detailed 1/72 scale X-Wing that is modeled directly from the filming miniatures, including parts to build different ships from the original film's Death Star battle, including standing & seated pilot figures & different droid types.", 4.0
" It's a bit more expensive than this kit, but you get what you pay for.", 5.0
"We had it for two weeks then it  broke.  The screen flashes on and off for no reason.  Nothing happened to it--it just started doing that.  Very weird.  No online support available from fisher price for this system either.  I bought several games that cannot be played now.  The kids liked it while it lasted though. We also have a Leapster which has lasted us eight months so far.  My boys like it much better too!!  So if you're going to buy a learning system I would recommend the leapster.", 4.0
"I bought this for our 3yo son who loves heavy equipment and digging in the dirt. This is a cool toy as far as being a pretty good replica of a real one but it does not work well in dirt or sand. Fine sediment gets caught in tracks and after a short amount of time, the tracks quit turning. Then the handles on the arm do not move the bucket well. My son has since ripped off the tracks and does not do any digging with it but still enjoys pushing it around. Don't buy this if you want your kid to actually dig dirt, it would be good inside toy or outside but away from dirt or sand. But, I think it was intended for playing in these areas, so the rig is not that well designed.", 4.0
"I had two problems with this item.  First, the planter is very small (only about 6 inches in length).  Secondly, it never grew!  I bought it for a first grade science experiment, but the class was very disappointed because nothing happened.  This item was not worth the money spent", 5.0
"When my grandson first received the game he loved it! Then he and his family had to re-locate which meant taking down the game. When they got to their new home, the game doesn't stay up like it did", 4.0
"I picked this item up for my 6 year old nephew who loves science.", 5.0
"We put it together one night and I was surprised to find that the base and volcano are incredibly thin plastic that crack under any pressure at all. The plaster/sand mixture was impossible to work with, it just balled up into clumps and there was no real way of spreading it around smoothly. We both ended up with plaster all over us. Once it had dried, he was excited to get to paint it. As soon as he began to paint, parts of the plaster started breaking off in chunks.", 5.0
"Hooking the plastic tubing up was not a major problem but I had issues keeping it hooked together. The "pump" system was supposed to send vinegar into a baking soda chamber to push up into the volcano. Instead the "pump" (which was a squeeze bottle) pushed the vinegar weakly upwards and then once it hit the baking soda chamber it clogged up. When it finally made its way out through the volcano after me squeezing the bottle as hard as possible, it barely trickled out. Once it had trickled enough, the rest of the plaster fell off as it got wet. He and his sisters just looked at me and asked "Is that it?" After three tries we trashed the whole thing.", 5.0
"Also, the "rock samples" that they give you in the kit are the size of the tip of your fingernail. I'm a geologist and these are not rare, expensive rocks. There was no reason to not include larger samples.", 5.0
"He was very disappointed in the whole thing and so was I. I can't believe that the Smithsonian put their name on this product. We'll go back to our plaster volcano with vinegar and baking soda", 5.0
"These trains are very neat and my sons loved them when we first got them.  They each have been through two sets with the same result...the water leaks out after you've had them awhile.  They are not worth the money.  I highly recommend investing in another train instead of the aquarium cars.  This was the first time my guys have been disappointed with a Thomas product.", 5.0
"As others have stated the DVD mini-games are nearly impossible to play due to wonky controls. I also have no idea what the cards or pieces are for, other then they may come into play if you "win" the main game.", 4.0
"They should have just done a choose your own adventure type game.  It would have been less high-tech, but you could at least have a laugh when you choose "set up a perimeter" and the terrorists once again escape.", 5.0
"DO NOT BUY", 4.0
"Wow, I have never seen anything like this.  It's worse than bad; it is virtually unplayable from a technical perspective.  At the very least, Amazon should refuse to carry it", 5.0
"This game was put together with a nice concept, be a CTU agent and help Jack Bauer stop the terrorist attack.  Also, I liked the fact that there is a mole and that someone right next to you could destroy the whole game.  However, the interactive games and such used to get more clues are not made well.  Though you try to do what it tells you to do, it doesn't seem to work.  Since these interactive parts are so simple, yet not made in a way that one can control what is going on, you waste your time trying to do them and you never get to the end.  I had three college students and two adults try it adn no one could seem to get it to work correctly.  So, if some bugs were worked out, this game could be a much bigger success", 5.0
"Sure wish my mother-in-law had read these reviews before giving this to me for Christmas.  Tried to play it once with my parents, who are also big 24 fans, a few nights later and were sorely disappointed. This game was obviously just shoved out the door to feed off the popularity of 24 the show and not to garner any popularity in its own right.", 5.0
"The mini-games were an exercise in extreme frustration.  The problem is that the DVD is not ideal for those mini-games.  Whenever you try to move there are only two subsequent animations: the successful one and the unsuccessful one, which made it seem like it was just moving at random. Other than that it seemed like the game was going to be pretty linear, the clue cards contained no useful information, and the board completely superfluous, unless apparently you are masochistic enough to get to the bonus level", 4.0
"This was a waste of money!!  I bought these for my daughter Sophie, who is 23 months old, as a Valentines Day gift.  The crayons are very small and the holder makes them appear to be bigger.  The crayons all kept falling out of their holders and my daughter didn't enjoy playing with them.  I WAS NOT IMPRESSED and DO NOT RECOMMEND these to anyone.", 4.0
"I'm not going to go into my childhood, or how I love the Transformers or any of that stuff, I just wanted to give a quick review.  As always, you get what you pay for.  I bought this today and within five minutes of transforming it one of the joints popped out and I can't for the life of me get it to sit correctly back in the socket.", 4.0
"Bottom line is that it is very cool that ten dollars will get you a G1 inspired Astrorain or Starscream, but be aware these feel very flimsy and are definately better utilized sitting on your desk at work in robot mode than being transformed back and forth while you are bored watching TV.", 5.0
"Very cool, very flimsy, very inexpensive", 5.0
"Santa brought this item.  We opened it several days later and it broke the same day.", 5.0
"We purchased all of the figures for my daughter for Christmas.  Within 2 weeks of her receiving this one, the pin fell out of her leg and her leg fell off.  We replaced it with a new one and the pin on the leg of that one fell off within a month.  The head does not stay on invisible violet, Syndrome broke in half, Violet's pin fell out of her arm, and Mr. Incredible lost the pin in his leg.  My daughter does not play rough with her toys.  Just normal play and they fell apart.  Also, Helen is supposed to be Elasta girl.  Why didn't they make her stretch?  Didn't make sense to me", 4.0
"This toy was so frustrating, the pieces wouldn't snap together properly and it was messy and my son ended up walking away from it he was so fed up.   This was after a half an hour of me attempting to make the pieces fit together properly.  In the end, it looked like a pile of cloudy lime Jello with plastic bones sticking out of it.  I would not reccomend this toy", 4.0
"I don't usually write reviews but had to voice my opinion on this toy.  I agree with the other review that the dolphins do not stay attached to the chariot and this frustrates my 4-year-old daughter!  Also our dolphins fall off and the one that is supposed to flip around gets stuck and does not flip half the time.  All that being said, she loves it", 4.0
"OK as far as novelty goes these ducks are SOOOO funny and what a great take on the rubber ducky!!! I bought them for my 1 year old just because I am sooooo tired of the original version of the yellow ducky.", 5.0
"Anyone who feels this lil duck TOY is devil worship to has some serious issues, and I would suggest they need to seek some professional help.", 5.0
"So for the faint of heart dont buy the duck because I think it has magical powers which will make you giggle in delight.", 5.0
"On the shelf or on line, this trucks shovel appears to lock into position above the rig but it doesnt. It took me nearly 10 minutes to remove strapping anchored to this truck within the packaging. My son spent a minute playing with this truck only to move on to his other toys. Yeah, the shovel portion drags on the floor and will NOT lock into position above the rig. This truck can hardly be moved through the carpet much less in sand. I grew up with Tonka trucks and this was obviously designed by some young suit that was babysat by the television and playstation. If your looking for a durable fun truck for your child, move on as this truck wont get the smile your looking for.", 5.0
" OK this isnt really a review but more of a reaction to another review, which in my opinion was written by no child.  It's just a doll...get over it. And stop wasting the space where some of us people actually write real reviews. I just had to say something about that. Oh...I did order this doll but I'm still waiting for her to arrive :", 5.0
"This item is REALLY small. I didn't read the other reviews and missed the info on the actual size of the item. In hindsight, I wouldn't have order it had I paid more attention. I think the other products from Haba (eggs and teabags) are worth the money for the size.", 5.0
"This is VERY small. It's too small for a play kitchen. And you only get one not two like is pictured", 5.0
"I received my order today, and discovered (as with all of the Hasa products in my order) that although more than one item is pictured--  only one comes with the order.  The item itself is very small, 2 1/2" X 1".  That, fine, I can accept since the cost was under two dollars and since the item is made of wood, lifesize would make play a work-out for most children. However, shipping only one without a clear statement that each order is for ONE item and does not include all the items in the photograph is false advertising", 4.0
"This game is NOT for die hard fans of FRIENDS. The game bored me in 5 minutes. You need to watch like three episodes to get most of the questions correct and a lot of it are common sense. I was not at all challenged and did not enjoy playing this game and want to sell it back after playing it for 30 minutes. Don't buy it", 5.0
"The main issue is the controls. We are having a hard time getting this thing to fly well and the idea of pulling down to go down is weird to us pilot types. It tends to just nose dive regardless. We will give it another go at the park tomorrow but so far all it does is crash. That it's still in one piece is amazing", 4.0
"They show a pony in the picture. But You won't get it, just be careful when you think you will get the dining set and the pony. If you mistakly bought it . Just keep it. You will only get partial refund which is half the buying price.", 4.0
"The horse doesn't stay hooked on to the carriage too well. It always comes apart. It's a pain. It's also tricky to get the horse to stay standing. It's cute to look at, but my daughter lost interest in it quickly", 5.0
"Cheaply put together and does not include the things listed on the editorial review.  I am extremely disappointed.  The sides fall out when you close it making the crayons dislodge and roll around.  It is obvious that hinges on the box will wear out quickly.  I just cant believe it is such poor quality coming from Crayola", 5.0
"This is junk, cheap plastic, no instructions, arrived with some pieces broken (not in shipping); much better products available for the cost.  From the description, I expected a much better product.  This is not it; a bargain at 1/3 the price, maybe", 4.0
"Back in the day (1970's) these were made with a stiff, strong PLASTIC, rigid "insert" w/ the poly-rope outside. This gave the "leash" a realistic, "tight but curved under own weight" appearance, & a believable / realistic "bounce" to the "dog" with the most imperceptible wrist action on the part of the "dog walker". HOWEVER, THIS PIECE OF CRAP has a thick soft wire inside the leash, and this gives the leash a very phony, fake-looking, too-heavy, all bent-up look. PIECE OF JUNK PIECE OF JUNK PIECE OF JUNK !", 5.0
"The idea behind this toy was a cute one, but it stops there.  Within five minutes of playing with this toy, it broke.  The dog halter broke off the wire leash and could not be repaired.  The whole thing ended up in the trash on Christmas Day!", 4.0
"I love legos, however I too was not real impressed with the 50th Anniversary tub. The Lego.com websites description of the contents: Each bucket includes LEGO System bricks in your favorite LEGO colors, plus a handful of gold-colored bricks! Let's be real, we're talking a child's handful, not adult. My daughter was lucky enough to get 8 gold bricks in her bucket. Another child I know got 4, his brother 5. The duplo set I bought had 6. If you're buying for the gold bricks, it's not worth the money", 4.0
"There are many significant shortcomings in this interactive DVD game.  I do not recommend it at all. It is not at all like the real Feud. The most frustrating shortcoming is that you must get the answers in the right order, since it reveals them in order, or you lose.  No steals, no strikes.  Sadly, I can't return it since its a DVD game", 5.0
"This game fell apart after we got out of the box.  I didn't even get a chance to play this with my five year old before it fell apart.  Be careful, I wouldn't get this if you have children who are rough on their toys..", 5.0
"Long story short.  Bought for daughter for Christmas...it is in the trash...This was THE WORST TOY/DOLL purchase ever", 5.0
"This is one of the most beautiful looking barbies we have ever bought. It is also the worst doll to date!", 5.0
"The doll NEVER worked from day one. It's tail bent up and it made grinding noises and didn't move or swim - just laid there. All the reviews on this site (which seemed to have disappeared since I notified MGA - the toy maker) were correct - NOT ONE BUYER had a working doll!!! We bought this for my daughter, niece and friend - and NONE of the 3 worked. It's not hard to follow the directions - they are pretty simple - so that is not the problem.", 5.0
"Also, the hair falls out and is EVERYWHERE in the bath water (pretty gross), and the bikini top is near impossible to get back on correctly!", 4.0
"Overall, the biggest disappointment in a toy so far", 5.0
"I was very excited to give this to my 8 year old Pokemon addict. The toy is very cheap - comes in attached plastic and needs to be assembled. When assembled the wing breaks off constantly and the tail doesn't stay together. JUNK!", 5.0
"My son received this figure for his birthday - it broke within the first 5 minutes.  The sign on his chest lights up, which is cool - but now he has no legs, so he certainly can't run", 5.0
"I bought this game hoping to have another great game for my girlfriend and I (we became bored playing backgammon all the time) and we are disappointed.  This game has nothing to do with any lost cities.... it's just a card game that requires you to stack cards in numeric order to get points...  you group the cards by color (which are supposed to represent cities????) and eventually the game ends after a certain number of cards are played and you tally up a bunch of numbers, divide that by pi, and then take the square root of you birth year and multiply that by five to see if you have either earned points or need to subtract them.  Then you do the math for your partner.", 4.0
"We tried to play it a few times and it was just kinda dumb.... (The points arn't that difficult really!), but this game was a waste of time and twenty some odd dollars.   I suggest you take the $20 and buy a bottle of hooch, and have some real fun with your partner... unless you are 8 years old... in which case this game might be fun.", 4.0
"Just Terrible", 4.0
"This toy seemed like a fun idea, however it is utter chaos.  The toy moves randomly over the page and does not make any sort of comprehensive design.  Actually our table received more ink than the paper and then the kids could not get it to turn off.  I think it may be slightly posessed!", 4.0
"I bought this Barbie after seeing two pictures of angel Barbies on the website and reading the Manufacturer's Description. One picture seems to have been deleted now. The Manufacturer's description is of an angel with a dark blue dress and a long gold sash. I trusted that the Manufacturer's description, which matched one of the pictures, was the correct angel. The doll with the light blue dress is not impressive at all. It is very simple with vinyl wings. Be aware of which you are purchasing, the description is deceptive and incorrect", 4.0
"My wife and I purchased the VIDEONOW XP Interactive Video System for my son this Christmas however when we did Walmart was out of the headphones.  Well I was on Amazon one day and decided to look here.  I ordered them and was seriously disappointed when they arrived.  My 5 year old son attempted to put them on and all they did was fall to his shoulders.  No matter how we tried that is all they would do.  My 12 year old daughter decided to try them with her mp3 player with the same result!  I am able to wear them however even with my 30 year old head (size 8 1/4) it is still loose.  These are not adjustable which of course makes things all the worse.  I would just go ahead and pick up some other company's aftermarket headphones for your child.  If Tiger reads the reviews of their products at all then they need to ensure that they rethink the engineering of this device", 4.0
"My friends and I spend hours selling lemonade using this stand!!", 5.0
"I have bought two of these toys for my son, an only child and pretty gentle on toys.  It has been kept in his bedroom away from his playgroup.  He has not even played with it regularly.  Yet BOTH times these toys BROKE WITHIN MONTHS OF PURCHASE!!!", 5.0
"Yes, it is fascinating.  And like other reviewers, I've also had some fun with it myself. But I am disgusted that it broke down so easily--twice.  There must be a reason that Amazon doesn't offer new ones for sale; please think hard about buying a new one elsewhere.  Unless you don't mind looking at the $30 you'll pay as a month or two of entertainment, look to other gear toys that don't depend upon this lousy motor.", 4.0
"Ummm...I am a HUGE fan of Bratz, but this piece of junk is absolutely terrible. First of all, the eyes are super ugly. I can't believe they would make such an ugly product! The lips are fine. But I could reconsider by making better, cuter eyes! They broke when I had it after five minutes. THEY DO NOT BLINK. THEY TRY TO, BUT DON'T SUCCEED. DO NOT BUY!!", 5.0
"Second, the features are horrible. They are made so bad, I tried to make it walk since it couldn't on it's won! It does NOT walk. Note that. Also, it's head does not move. It was broken on mine and it made it fall down and the neck, while trying to move, muffled the song. Also, unless you wanna hear the same 20 second "Bratz Catz" song over and over again, do not buy this product. It will dissapoint your daughter like it did to me. I am the daughter, but am very dissapointed. I have returned mine and did not get a new one, either. I got some Bratz Babyz which were cuter than this junk!", 5.0
"I am warning you, this cat is brainwashed and should not be continued. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOU WANT A CRYING DAUGHTER FOR IT!!!", 5.0
"Thank you for your patience and gratuity in reading this grievance.", 5.0
"Love,", 5.0
"Brownie, baby doll lover. Get babies instead, they're cute!", 5.0
"it has know fun.  no education.  and is a wayst of time", 5.0
"We looked for a trash truck that our 4 year old boy could play with. On the surface, the Bruder looked the part. Not as cartoon-looking as some, the fact that it looked like a real trash truck but had few obvious breakable parts made it seem like an ideal choice.", 5.0
"Actual play testing though shows this product isn't very well-built, at least not enough to withstand normal wear and tear. This truck wasn't subjected to being thrown down the stairs, jumped on, etc. It's been just played with, but it started coming apart quickly.", 4.0
"The hinged door in the back of the truck is a poor design. The plastic hinges on the truck are too thin, and break easily. The plastic hinges on the door start to bend after multiple open/closes, and the plastic weakens and breaks off.", 5.0
"The hinged front compartment and rear sections are difficult to operate, and stick easily. Items put into the cab (like the essential green army man who drives the truck) easily get caught in here and are very difficult to remove.", 4.0
"Worse though is the key point of this toy, the ability to latch the trash can to the lifting/dumping mechanism. This is way to complex for a child, and the intricacy in getting a solid connect is difficult even for an adult.  If it's not hooked up right, the can falls off when you try to lift it; very frustrating.", 5.0
"Some little pieces (rear view mirror, etc) broke off easily and early on, but we kind of expected this. The parts were simply too small and fragile to last long. I don't hold this part against the design; part of the attraction was that it looked like a real truck, and I don't think there's an easy way to add small details without some fragility.", 5.0
"While this is orignally was one of my sons favorite toys, he can't really play with it the way he'd like to. While he still enjoys driving it around the house, he can't pick up the trash and dump it without an adults help, and that's a shame.", 5.0
"For the price, I expected so much more.", 5.0
"I bought this as a gift for my 81 year old mother, who is impossible to please.  She needed a new card shuffler, as she wasn't pleased with her plastic, battery operated one.  I must admit, I thoroughly expected to have to return it, since I knew she wouldn't be pleased with it.  As it turns out, I did have to return it, but here's the surprise.  I was very disappointed in its performance too!  We could not get it to shuffle cards, whether they be from a new deck, or an old, worn out, dog eared deck.  Moral of this story -- please don't buy this item, whether you're difficult to please or not", 5.0
"My daughter, 6, received this for Christmas. Her 4-year-old brother also  wanted to play with it.", 4.0
"The first problem is that there are NO INSTRUCTIONS included for how to put it together. This is a problem when you have two antsy kids eager to play with it. I was struggling with getting the various panels to snap together solidly when, after repeated attempts, I happened to look in the drawer underneath the colored bulbs and crayons, and found -- what do you know! -- screws. Then, after I put on the top, I realized I should have installed the light bulb first (you need a light bulb of 25 watts or less, not included). Then, when I thought I was done, I found I had a piece left over. Arrgh!", 5.0
"That extra piece was a clip that is supposed to hold a picture for tracing. Ha! Even after I installed it, there's no tension on the clip and very little chance that it will hold anything.", 5.0
"There are two drawers to hold the bulbs and crayons. Good idea. But for some reason the drawers catch and stick. How hard can it be to make drawers that slide easily in and out?", 5.0
"This item looks great in theory, but it just isn't worth it. The pegs are made in all different sizes - some fall out, some don't fit in, and some stick out too far, leaving you with a messy look to your lite art. One of the crayons for the neon was broken when received, but it didn't matter, since it just looked like a regular crayon drawing on black paper anyway. If you do buy this item, be sure to purchase that 25w light bulb that isn't even included", 5.0
"I am a breast cancer survivor and I find this pink dressed, blond "doll" of  perfection rather insulting to my female self, the perfect perky boobs, the long blond hair, the body that does not exist on a woman after the ravages of chemotheraphy.  I can perfectly understand Mattel wanting to support breast cancer research and donate a portion of proceedes towards funding (and thank you for your generosity), but to do it under the guise of selling a "doll" which does not reflect the community of women who have experienced the challenges of recovery and survivorship...a doll which does not look like a survivor is literally painful and insulting!  Why doesn't this doll have a wig?  Why doesn't she have a breast removed?  Why doesn't she have a bra fitted with a form to mimic the shape of a breast?  What is wrong with reality?  Why can't Mattel acknowledge the true nature of this disease and make a doll which comforts, not insults the sensibility of women who have suffered from this disease.  I will purchase this doll, just because I am horrified by the product itself.  I will disrobe her, and with a saw, cut off her breast so that she will look more like me, a survivor, a woman of pride.  I will dismantle the construct of supposed beauty and make this image more like my own - because I am what is woman, not the facade of a false construction.", 5.0
"I purchased this toy based on the excellent reviews it had here at Amazon, it looked also like a fun toy with educational value.  I am very disappointed.  For starters, my son finds it very frustrating that the front pieces for eyes, face & hat can only go on in one order.  He also has trouble pulling the pieces apart once they are together, and he is very dextrous for his age.  Also disappointing is the lack of container to store all the pieces in.  Without this, the blocks are loose in my son's toybox and we can never find all the pieces.  The packaging could easily be redesigned to hold the pieces. All in all, it is not a toy he can sit and play with without assistance, as I had thought it might be.  When he does play with it he enjoys it for about 15 minutes and moves on to something else.  We could have done without this toy under our Christmas tree", 5.0
"The kids got it for Christmas, and it looked like fun.  However, the one we got doesn't work at all.  I'm not sure if we just got a bad one or if this problem is common, but I can't even get it to turn on without changing the batteries, and then I can't get it to go into the game mode.  Plus, the rules of the electronic version are different, in that you lose all your points if you keep acting out words.  I prefer the rules of the old version better.  I'm planning to return this and get the old version", 5.0
"Falls over constantly. Fustrating for everyone. Only good thing is the sleeping bag that comes with it", 5.0
"This is not the usual quality that Playhut stands for.  The tent is held up by one plastic-corded pole that won't keep the tent upright.  My daughter gets trapped in it as it collapses.  The slumber bag is pretty, but the tent/tunnel is useless", 5.0
"We were excited for the first bunch of stickers and then my 5 year old wanted to try it himself.  It jammed up and that was the end of it.  There are no instructions on how to fix it so I threw the cartridge away.  Don't waste your money", 5.0
"My son and I have had the same experience with this sticker maker.  Great fun for the first 5-10 stickers but then the sticker role jammed and I did not have the opportunity to give the insides a good look before I was desparately trying to remember how it all went back together.  Too bad...he loved it while it lasted", 5.0
"This is not a very fun toy.  My [...] got tired of filling the paint chamber because it would empty so quickly.  He also ended up dipping the brush into the paint jars.  He went through both jars of paint in under 10 minutes and was finished with the toy.  There wasn't enough paint to even create a picture.  The Happy Birthday pic on the back of the package must've taken over 20 bottles and a very skilled artist.  I think Crayola should stick to making crayons", 5.0
"This paint brush globs out the paint, doesn't spread to make any kind of picture and the brush barely holds any paint. We went through both of the provided things of paint in about five minutes and had no picture to show for it. Not to mention that the bottle is to small for the brush to fit in so when the paint is about half way down you can't get the brush in it to suck the paint up.  I am so disappointed", 5.0
"Paint doesnt load or expel easily...waste of money and time...my daughter is happier with a bucket of plain water and a brus", 5.0
"I was very excited about this game until it came out of the box.  It looks great for my 3 year-old but as in other reviews the spinner ruins the entire game.  This should have been obvious at design and this game should never have made it to stores with this defect.  It is particularly frustrating because the concept seems so good with a lot of thought put into the educational value.  I think ill will is going to be the result of this penny minding in construction.  Leapfrog could have further enhanced the brand with this product but fumbled", 5.0
"To anyone who buys this toy, keep the box and receipt handy.  We may be the odd one out, but we purchased this toy and it didn't work. The legs on Manny are to be pulled back to fire a rubber ball.  This didn't happen.  Rapid pushing and pulling of his legs produces 'rapid fire', and if we were lucky one would shoot out - after great effort. It comes with three foam balls, two of which fit, the third was slightly too big and would jam.  Ours is going back to the store today.", 5.0
"Do not like this product at all...the girls on the video are not facing the right way for easy instruction...we have to go the opposite way...very uncool...my daughter started crying, too...i told her it wasn't her fault...you want your child to feel good about themselves and all it does is make them feel like they aren't good enough...do not waste your money", 5.0
"We purchased this for our daughter after she loved the original ballet version so much. I expected the same quality of the original product and was very disappointed. The mat is very cheap and flimsy and my daughter broke the headset trying to get it on her head", 5.0
"This toy, like several other Mattel toys I've purchased in the past 5 years are difficult to put together, troublesome to play with, and not durable. I wish Mattel would think more about the kids playing with their toys and less about the stockbrokers. Toys can be easy to assemble. Intuitive to play with and rugged as a tank. It just depends on priorities of the toy design/builder", 4.0
"My son received this for Christmas 2005 and played with it every day. The conveyor belt is noisy when running and the sponges that whirl around at the end of the car wash were constantly falling off and getting lost. After a month of being played with on a daily basis the conveyor belt stopped working - it still made plenty of noise but didn't move anymore! When I called Mattel they couldn't offer me replacement parts as the toy was discontinued in 2001! Although they gave me a voucher to buy a replacement toy, it wasn't for as much as I paid for the toy.", 4.0
"These figures look pretty decent at first glance but when you take them out of the box you see how bad they really are. My superman broke in half (at the waist) when I took him out of the box! Add that to the fact that there are only an average of six points of articulation on each (only three on Wonder Woman!) and you see that these aren't very high quality figures. Amazo is transparent, which makes no sense whatsoever. He isn't an invisible character. I also don't like that, while superman's S and belt stick out from his uniform, Bizarro's are merely painted on. Only buy this item if you love doomsday and its on sale. It's not worth its list price by a long shot", 5.0
"This one is rather small and doesn't really look or feel like the rest.  Not as durable feeling as the others", 4.0
"My daughter who is about to turn 4 loves this game.  She wants to play it constantly.  So it's good for their entertainment value but bad for yours. The dresses are hard to get on the dolls and they rip and tear very easily.  It takes as long to set the game up as it does to take it.  There are also some sketchy directions such as rolling the dice but not having to go as far as the die say but you can't go over that numbers i.e. you roll a 4 but you only want to go 3 spaces then that's allowed.  That's confusing when you're trying to teach your kids their numbers and how many spaces to go but otherwise you'd be rolling the dice forever trying to get to the one spot you're trying to reach", 5.0
"We bought this game yesterday for our daughter.  The dolls are very difficult for her to dress.  We have to do it for her.  Also, two of the dresses have torn already after playing the game only about 4 times.  She loves the game and the princesses, and it does teach memory, but it could be made much better.", 5.0
"Twice I gave this board game as a gift this holiday season, and my own 5-year-old daughter received it as a gift. While the idea of the game seems good, there seems to be some misleading print on the box. It indicates that the prinesses will be getting ready to meet Prince Charming at the ball, but there is no Prince Charming included in the game pieces--much to the dismay of my daughter! My biggest complaint about this game, however, is with the gowns and accessories the princesses wear as they move about the board. The straps of the dresses are very thin, and my daughter has broken three of the four gowns. She has also broken two crowns and the strap on one purse. My daughter plays with the rubber Polly Pocket things as well, and she has not torn/ripped any of those items, which makes me think the Crowns and Gowns items aren't made as strongly", 5.0
"What a co-incidence, my first 3D puzzle too.", 4.0
"Average difficulty for the average user. Would not recommend it for the beginner.", 5.0
"The panels are not hard to put together, but it is fiddly putting all the panels together. Once done, the model is quite magnifique. And got me started on 3D puzzles. Hasbro/Wrebbit should give everyone 1 free 3D puzzle, then everyone would get hooked on it.", 5.0
"None of the 3D puzzles can stand a lot of handling, however this Eiffel Tower actually survived a show and tell. Sadly it now rests in 3 pieces and I'm too lazy to put it back together again. Highly recommended", 5.0
"BOUGHT THIS IN CLEARANCE AT TOYS R US, IT SOUNDS LIKE JUNK AND POORLY MADE. I PLAN TO RETURN THE 2 BOUGHT FOR MY TWINS. I WAS FORCED TO PUT ONE STAR BUT WOULD HAVE ALSO LEFT ZERO IF I COULD. SPEND A LITTLE MORE, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. THIS WOULD BE BEST LEFT AT THE CURB, THAN TAKING UP ROOM IN MY GIRLS BEDROOMS....SAD, SAD, SAD... I HATE RETRUNING THINGS, IT IS A WASTE OF MY TIME", 5.0
"I popped in the batteries and was unable to get any sound whatsoever.  I even put in a different set up batteries; still, no dice.  This is the worst excuse for a keyboard ever.  I am sorry that I will be pitching this in the trash and it will take up space in a landfill.  After the reading the other reviews, perhaps I am fortunate that this clunker never even made a sound.  I gather that I'm not missing much.", 4.0
"I bought this for my son's birthday last night since he is interested in music.  As I was wrapping it, I noticed half of the keys were stuck in the up position.  I took it out and managed to bang the keys back into place, wondering how many times I was going to have to do this.  I decided to test it once I fixed it because the toy just looked horribly cheap with very thin plastic keys (you can even see through them).  The dollar store has better toys than this.  The sound is horrible and uncontrollable.  The controls are worthless.  I'm returning it today, and good riddance", 5.0
"Purchased this for a 3 1/2 year old boy.  Was hesitant about buying any large, plastic truck, but we did not see any alternatives at the time we purchased this.  We should have stuck with our instinct.  When it arrived, we were immediately struck by the fact that the plastic seemed flimsy, and that many small plastic pieces that are attached to the grader appeared and felt so cheap and flimsy that we doubted they would survive 5 minutes of play, in our humble opinion.  We were not going to wait to find out, and we decided to send this back.  You can get a STEEL Tonka 18" grader off of ebay for less than what Amazon is asking for this plastic thing.  That's exactly what we did.  Good luck", 5.0
"This playhut was very frustrating for our children. My children enjoyed it when it was left in the slumber position. Our trouble began when we turned it into a tent. The sleeping bag is one side of the tent. It's heavy so it sags leaving little room for children to play. After about ten minutes, the playhut was turned over and on the ground. We returned it..", 5.0
"This toy is not what I had expected. It isn't very durable at all and it's HARD to put together! I don't highly recommend it", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my three-yr-old. She was excited, but then one of the dolls fell apart, its pelvis broke and the legs fell out. Super glue might fix it, but I'm not sure.", 5.0
"I'd recommend it for an older child who wouldn't play with it so roughly. But for the price, I wanted it to last more than three days", 5.0
"My daughter is almost 6 and we got her this for Christmas.  The commercials made it look really cool and easy for kids, no more scissors!  Well we opened it today and it's too hard for her to hold the button down for any amount of time and to move it around slowly enough to actually cut anything.  I'm having to do it all for her and my hand gets tired too!  They should have made it that the "pen" cuts when just being pushed on the paper or something.  I have a 9 year old also that was trying to use it and it wasn't all that easy for him either.  Seems more like something teens or adults that scrapbook would use", 4.0
"I've owned this toy for a few weeks and have given up on it.  At first this toy was a little fun and I was optimistic about getting it to handle correctly.  I'd adjust the top screw to trim it from spinning clockwise or counter clockwise and everything.  This gets old after doing it every time after a charge. Next, using the forward and backward control doesn't work that well. Also, it will drop out of the sky or do something weird every now and then.  All in all I wouldn't buy it again, especially at the higher price it is currently going for.  Try the smaller havoc, it seems to handle a little better (Youtube has a few movies of it flying).  [...]", 4.0
"I got this toy for my one of my triplet sons for his 5th birthday, and I am appalled that I paid $50 for such a poorly made product.  They say it "transforms" into the batmobile - that is a joke!  You have to take most of it apart to get it to fold back up, so why bother with that "feature" in the first place?  The whole thing is made terribly.  It barely stands upright, and the little plastic chains that suspend the one set of platforms keep coming off the little plastic hooks.  None of my boys play with it, and now I am stuck with it because I don't have the box anymore to return it.  Bottom line:  this was a complete waste of money", 4.0
"I have to agree with everyone before me.  Flimsy, hard to put together, doesn't stay together, impossible to close.  My four old, who is obsessed with batman, lost interest after 5 minutes and I really can't blame him.  Spend your $50 on something else!!! Not a good purchase!!!!!", 4.0
"I purchased this toy for our friends son and I cannot tell you the disappointed look on his face when we all realized what a piece of trash this toy is!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 4.0
"DO NOT BUY IT!!!   We are returning it ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"It's cheap, it's not sturdy and it does NOT close back up again!", 5.0
"4 adults couldn't get it back together!  Never mind a kid!", 5.0
"It is a total ripoff...This is the first time I have ever written a review on a toy, thats how horrible it is", 5.0
"     This pack is really Bad! I LOVE attacktix, but this pack is terible! The only good figues are Luke Skywalker, and Megatron. Darth Vader's arm broke, Super Optimus Prime's blast shoots before you press the button, and the battle masters are Pathetic. The Battle Master's point value is 70 each, but they are very easy to kill, and their blasts are very bad.", 4.0
"    Do yourself a faver, skip this and buy the Star Wars attacktix series 4 starter set", 4.0
"this thing only lasted 3 days!i mean really.i charged it up and it worked fine.but it only lasted about 5 minutes then i had to charge it again.when i looked under it i noticed that stiafom was breaking off!on the 3rd day i charged it up and it never worked again!!!!!!so i went back to toysrus and renturnd the piece of crud.do never buy this toy!!!!!!!", 5.0
"My 7 year old son got it for Christmas. He was really excited. It is definitely a neat toy. The whole family was into it. However, it only lasted one day. It would no longer charge and I am just going to take it back because I am in no position waste $20.00 just for one day", 5.0
"What a disappointment! The music quality is very poor--most of the "intruments" sound just like every other cheap kids electronic toy.  The piano is probably the worst; the animal voices all sound the same. I thought I'd get better quality at the price, plus, the left speaker doesn't work.  My kids had a toy casio keyboard that cost $12.00 and was the size of an egg-carton, and its sound was vastly superior. I will likely have to go through the hassle of returning this.", 5.0
"This bowl is extremely cute but it does not suction to the high chair.  I can get it to suction to the counter and my glass table but not on my baby's highchair, so it really doesn't serve the purpose it is suppose to", 5.0
"Concept was good, but fails because its not constructed well.  After 2 months the toy's electronics went out", 5.0
"I got this to for my daughter for her birthday. I opened it and put the bubble solution and batteries into it and it worked fine. Later that night the bubble blower wasn't blowing anymore. So the next morning I changed out the batteries and still it wasn't working. I returned it the next day. It was really cute and I wanted it to work but it just wouldn't start and it also kept leaking. Every where I put it the sticky soap mess was there after I picked it up. THIS WAS NOT A GOOD TOY", 5.0
"Put simply, this toy doesn't work. Or I should say perhaps it would work with really good bubble solution but it does not work with the bubble solution that comes with it. It sort of sputtered some bubble solution out the top but we never got even one full bubble much less the stream of bubbles we were hoping for. Luckily my little son never saw the toy and therefore didn't mind when we took it back", 5.0
"I got this as a gift for my 18 month old son. It only produces one lousy bubble with each pull of the handle, very sad. My son got very frustrated and so did I. I would not recommend this product.", 4.0
"I just bought this game and tried for 3 hours to make it work on 3 different t.v. sets - NO LUCK.  I can't even give it 1 star because I don't know how fun it is (or might be).  I tried every "input" available on every t.v., I tried changing the batteries, I tried hooking it directly to the t.v. as well as thru the VCR and DVD player - nothing worked.  I guess I know why it only cost $5.99.", 5.0
"I purchased this car for my 2 year old son for Christmas.  Shame on me for not taking it out of the box and testing it out prior to Christmas morning.  The car lights up and makes sounds (very annoying) but didn't move an inch.  I replaced all batteries - still no movement.  The manufacturer was of no help.  Thank god someone else also got him the Chicco remote control car - because it works!", 4.0
"Steer clear of this stinker", 4.0
"We received this as a gift and didn't like it at all.  My two year old used it for about a day. But it doesn't go very far with the remote (you can't just have it move across the floor) and it's VERY noisy! If it is walked away from you can hear it in the other room still making an annoying noise. I'd go with something else if you're looking for a first remote control ca", 4.0
"I consider myself to be a fairly intelligent individual, and growing up in a family where a Saturday was spent working on the classic car in the garage, or watching football on Sunday, as a female, I know a lot of male stuff.  Even I couldn't answer hardly ANY of the "male" questions, since in this game, men answer questions about womanly stuff, and women answer questions about manly stuff.  We have played it twice now, and even though the men's team has always had 1 male more in touch with his female side than most, the women have always gotten our butts kicked.  It is so one sided it's not even funny.  Even the men were saying, it's not even fun since the game lasts basically 10 minutes.  One of the men said he even had to think twice about some of the "male" questions.  If I were anyone looking to get a good party game, I certainly wouldn't put my money out to get this again.", 5.0
"Don't buy this unless you plan on attaching the remote to your forehead with duct-tape; if you lose the remote you cannot operate the moon. The moon also has an automatic time that it comes on; it's supposed to be when it gets dark, but it comes on way too early to be any good, because nobody is in their room that early, and it only stays on for 30 minutes. When it comes on by itself, (because its too early) you can barely notice it is on.", 4.0
"My brother, the uncle of my two sons, purchased this item for Christams.  In the excitement of testing this item out they realized the battery backing was not able to be opened.  The screw casing was stripped!  No big deal, I thought, I would just call the company.  They are not willing to replace the prodect unless I pay for shipping.  They recomeded that I take it to a local store to replace knowing that it was purchased over 1000 miles away and not at a chain store!  Passing the buck.  I then asked to speak to a super visor and she repeated the same mantra, "sorry company policey."  I never go to the lengths that I am now, but I am tired of companies not performing the basic duties of customer satisfaction.  They want me to go to the post office and mail it to them at which time they will determine whose fault it is and then mail me a new one.  When I asked if there was any way around said policy the manager told me I could write a letter.  So here it is", 5.0
"Gave this heli to my 30 year old son on his birthday. It was supposed to be easy to fly. It rolled over and crashed inches off the ground on its maiden flight, spewing propeller parts everywhere. With all retailers out of replacement parts it may never fly. If you buy this heli, don't buy it through the mail or online but from a local dealer with parts and expertise to help you get it back together", 5.0
"The tail rotor fell off right out of the box on the first throttle up. The landing gear fall off if you do not glue them yourself. Not only is it poorly made for the money but it is an extreemly touchy machine. Main rotor to tail mixing have to be perfect. Final thought.... After several hours of hard work adjusting the tail to main rotor mix I managed to get it to stay in the air for a few seconds.   If you want an R/C helicopter try the Japanese made Hirobo XRB SR.", 5.0
"Even though I purchased this watch for my grandson for Christmas from another store, it was not worth the money. It does nothing and my grandson abandoned it soon after opening it.  I picked up few pieces from under the sofa last night.   I did see on one toy store's website that there is a deluxe model that is probably better. I wish I had known that before I spend $10 on this piece of junk.", 5.0
"Actually, we love the game very much but are very disappointed with Pressman Toys.  Here's the scoop:  our game came with only 20 pegs of each color -- the box clearly shows at least 40 of each color.  We've called the company 1800 800-0298 x 186 several times but they refuse to send us additional pegs.  Just bad business practice in my opinion.  As the saying goes, when you love something you tell a few people, when you're not happy you tell everyone.  I'll be sure to check that I'm not buying items from Pressman Toys next time.  So instead of returning the game and paying for shipping we'll just have to win in fewer steps.  SIGH!", 5.0
"This was a gift for my 2 year old last christmas.  The screws they provide to put the wheels on are no good. As soon as your child starts "walk" his new dog, the wheels completely unscrew, which can be a terrible choking hazzard.  We have tried everything to keep them on.  Plus the leash tore off from around poor spot's neck, and no type of glue seems to keep it on. I'm afraid this cute little toy is going into the trash. It was good idea and a cute toy, but not worth the money. You're better off buying a plastic, already put together one.", 4.0
"After returning three defective Tonka Hands On Power Shovels, (aka crane,) we decided to try a different piece of machinery and brought home the dump truck.  So far the dump truck is doing fine.  It is not as exciting as the crane or digger, but it does work and seems to be holding up.  My son loves to turn it on &amp; have it &quot;follow&quot; him around the room.  However the motor strains, and the truck moves very slowly, so I'm concerned that the load is too much for the motor.  He likes the loading action of the front end shovel into the dump bed, and the dumping bed.  He was disappointed that it doesn't steer like the crane did, but only goes either forward or reverse.  But a working toy is better than an non-working toy, and I'm hopeful this one will be a keeper", 4.0
"For the most part this is a good toy.  It was actually one of the easier items I took out of a box this week :)", 5.0
"My daughter (4) loves it and as long as you can tolerate the "Mommy/Daddy the wing fell off can you put it back on?" every 5-10 minutes then it really is good.  I guess if your child is old enough and has the dexterity to put the wings back on by herself this toy would be GREAT", 5.0
"Very fun I love it is like a dream in a book the wings do fall of but not often. what I say is YES get it", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my 4 year old grandaugher.  Since Barbie rides this horse of course a little girl will want her doll to ride the horse.  The wings fall off.  We must put the wings back on at least a dozen time a day", 5.0
"I purchased this item for my son's birthday.  Not well built as it needed lots of tape to keep it together and readjustments after each attempt to fly it.  Also appears to need the wind just right and thrown a certain way in order for it to fly.  After a couple of  days we were able to accomplish only one 2 min. successful flight.    On the second day, after 15 mins of recharging the battery, the battery case and wires melted.  Have contacted company for a refund.", 5.0
"I think this doll is incredibly fun and beautiful, but somehow the tail broke off the very first day my 4 year old daughter played with it.  She loves it anyway, she insists.  She just screamed with pleasure after seeing the hair turn purple and the tattoos appear after about 3 minutes in the freezer.", 5.0
"I don't know how it got broken, or how rough my daughter might have been, but it seems strange that it would break so quickly.  Disappointing", 5.0
"i can't wait until i get the movie barbie fairytopia mermaida when it comes out its going to be a great movie for kids and even for the whole family i don't know if i will get the dolls i think the movie will be funer to watch than just play with the doll", 5.0
"Besides being unstable, this truck is extremely frustrating!  My son is constantly trying to put items in the truck that are too big, and then if he does manage to get a "load" in, he can't get it back out again!!  He has cried in frustration and thrown the toy across the room.  I will be buying him a Fisher Price one for his birthday that actually dumps", 5.0
"My son LOVES cars and trucks so this looked like it would be a big hit, but like the other reviewers, we have had to put this toy away because of all the injuries.  He used the handle to push it, but the toy is unbalanced, so any pressure on the back causes it to flip up and hit him in the face.  He's had several big bruises and one cut lip.", 5.0
"Since posting this, I've spoken to a rep for Little Tykes. She said they would look into this toy a bit more and sent a replacement toy for my son to play with until he is able (if ever) to use the dump truck again. If you've had a problem with this truck, please call them so that they can get it on record", 5.0
"we got this for our son for Easter, and he was playing with donnie the dumptruck, and the handle part was opened, so it was the flat blue portion of the truck, well he some how slipped, and ended up cutting his forehead b/c the blue portion does have somewhat of a sharp part. Luckily enough it wasn't where he needed stitches, but still...so I called Little Tikes, and they said they wanted me to mail it back and they let me choose another toy-so there Customer Service at Little Tikes is Definitly a +! Just watch out because I think the ages on this toy should be a little older. Semper F", 4.0
"I think this product needs a LOT of hands-on supervision.  My son slipped off and knocked the wind out himself TWICE on the 2nd day of trying this.  After a couple of weeks, he finally regained his confidence to try it when a friend was over -- and his 6 y.o. friend slipped and knocked the wind out of herself (almost had to call the paramedics).  Knowing what I know now... I would NOT buy this product for kids under 8 (follow the age recommendations!!!!!).  I would like to take a pair of wire cutters and cut it down....", 5.0
"I was excited about this pool because it seemed really easy to store when not in use. However, the new type of valve does not hold in the air. It says to push it all the way in but the valve on the one I bought would not stay in and when I tried to close the valve the presure from the air inside pushed open the valve and it deflated. It would have been perfect had the valve worked properly.", 5.0
"We loved this pool for three weeks, which is as long as we had it.  This morning, I went out to remove a small amount of rain water from the cover to find that the cover with roughly 1/4" of rain had collapsed the top tier and that we had grass growing up through the bottom of the pool, through plastic.  I could see both happening had the pool sat in one place for a long period of time but this was after less than 24 hours.  A total waste of money", 4.0
"This is a great idea for a great marketing group . . . little kids who want to listen to music "just like the big kids." The FP3 has a few issues of it own, but the speakers were disappointing. The sound quality is not good. Even with the volume turned up it is difficult to hear. Another huge down fall is that a power cord is not available . . . so you can end up going through batteries pretty fast. To top it all off, my son has difficulty getting the FP3 correctly mounted into the speaker unit on his own. Overall we were very disappointed with this accessory", 5.0
"Far to difficult to pop, product didn't match picture.  But the company was very friendly and co-operative in the return process.  Would do business with this company again, but would buy one item as a test before buying in bulk.  Or I would just call the company", 5.0
"It looks fun in the picture, but there is a major design flaw with this toy - the wheels stick out so far that when the rider tries to go they end up slamming their ankle into the tire.  Within 2 minutes of using this toy my son ripped open his ankle.  This toy should be recalled.  Do not buy it. I would send mine back, but we had already thrown out the packaging", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughters 6th birthday. The lips on the doll didn't work and there really isn't much to do with it. She was bored almost immediately. I was hoping for much more out of this toy. In my opinion you shouldn't waste your money", 5.0
"The retro-slinky dog, however cute, just doesn't work.  We have tried it on the hardwood floor, the carpet, the title.  We have tried tying a string arounds it's neck, adding a string to it's short stubby string, using the short stubby string to pull it but nothing works.  Our kids 2 & 6 just drag it around laying on it's side--it's just not fun--the head is too heavy and it doesn't move well at all.  I would not buy it.  the Fisher Price doggy we got is very cute and it stays upright, it walks with you and the pull-string is a good length--plus it's cute too!!", 5.0
"This game is ok, entertains my children for a little while.  I thought everything was ok, but then, after only a couple of months, the cartridges started to malfunction!  We have two leap pads and some games work in one, but not the other (and visa versa!)  For the price, I don't want the toy to not work 1/2 the time after only a few uses.  The books seem to hold up pretty good, but the cartridges don't.  And, at a price of around $12 each, I was very dissapointed.  If the cartridges worked all the time, I would probably give this toy 4 stars, as it is fun (when it works) and portable.  One last comment for improvement, would be to have the volume be on the outside, not in the book, as the regular volume is a bit too loud and I have to ask my little one to turn it down each time she switches books/cartridges", 5.0
"If I would have been able to try this out before buying it I would have never bought it. The surface is way to hard for a baby to be laying on it. The it is not too sensitive to movement so when baby kicks or moves it doesnt always turn itself on. I would have much rather bought a playmat instead.", 5.0
"My daughter got this came for Christmas and it is still fun to play, but the new graphics are very confusing and hard to follow.  They want a little overboard in their updating of this one.  New colors would have been fine, but all the curves, zig-zags, etc, make this version a poor substitute for the older versions.  I'm going to ebay!", 5.0
"You can get the old vintage aggravation games on Ebay for 10 or less and theres also some hand-made wooden boards as well. These new versions dont hold a candle to the old ones, Just as old tvs seem better than some of the new ones", 5.0
"Hard to follow instructions, I ended up throwing it in a drawer after trying to get the hang of it after 5 minutes. If you want to buy one, I will GIVE you mine :)TOTAL waste of money.", 5.0
"The toy is a good idea, but it needs to be more user friendly, instructions are hard to follow, even for adults,maybe not quite so much activities at one time, could simplify some for younger players", 5.0
"This school bus was smaller than I expected, about 4 inches long. I bought it for my 3 year old son who loves school buses. He broke it in the first 5 minutes of opening the package. It's a pull-back and go car. And he pulled it back too far on the first try and it snapped the wheels. They were wobbly from then on. This toy is not for kids and it's not really for playing with from what I can tell. Very dissappointed", 4.0
"Bought this and several other Minimates for by son's birthday.  As we are huge Lego fans, I thought this would be a great compliment.  The "lego-like" bricks are ill fitted, either constantly coming undone or never being able to fit together at all.  This caused great frustration and unhappiness.  We finally had to hide the entire lot from my son too keep him from breaking down everytime he or another family member tried to put the Batcave or any of the vehicles together.  Do not buy.  I would like a full refund and an apology from Amazon for carrying such an afwul quaility toy, and from the creator of the Minimates. Ugh", 5.0
"3 Stars overall ONLY b/c we LOVE c3! Read on...", 4.0
"The batcave C3 set has some rather intense structural integrity problems that cause it to be next to impossible to put together without a supplemental "fix-it" set that was distributed by the mfg. after many SEASONED ADULTS protested their frustrations with its construction. Since the company has now withdrawn all c3 items from its website, it is not known whether the "fix-it" package is still available (it included thicker, stronger support pieces for the first floor, and additional pieces for a stairway support column). Without these, the set tends to implode well before you ever get the 2nd level completed, let alone the 3rd!", 5.0
"After all the problems started surfacing, the company also increased the "recommended age range" to 7+ from the previous 4+. If you purchase a box that states 7+ as the age range, it SHOULD include the "fix" parts (no guarantee, we're only assuming), but even with the "fix" pieces, it is still a major headache to put together, and your true calling is an architect if you manage to get it safely together on the first try. It takes most adults several tries over several days (due to frustration stress level) to get this piece fully assembled.", 5.0
"There is a step-by-step construction guide showing the problems (with "crash" pictures) in set construction, Amazon rules say I can't post the link here, but it shouldn't be too hard to find if you enter c3 batcave in a search engine, the full write-up is in a c3 forum.", 4.0
"I know many people may still purchase--it is after all, Batman, but I would at least try to see if you can acquire the replacement parts before ordering, as you will have much greater chance for success. OR wait until you get the package, if it says 7+ on the box, you just may be in luck. In the alternative, maybe you could use super-glue to the existing inadequate structural supports?", 5.0
"OR, raid your kid's Lego stash and use thicker, more stable blocks than the ones supplied with this set", 5.0
"This toy is great fun but it isn't very durable. Ours broke after about an hour. There was a loud pop and then it stopped erupting. I guess the plastic bladder must have given out. The kids were terribly disappointed", 4.0
"After waiting 3-4 weeks, it finally arrived! To my grandchildrens dismay. It did not perform as advertised.", 4.0
"There wasn't any volcano erupting, all it did was sprinkle a small amount from the side. Yes we did have good water pressure, and it was put together correctly!", 4.0
"I just want my money and shipping charges back!", 5.0
"Thank you for your expediency on this return", 5.0
"Despite reading bad reviews, I took a chance and purchased this item.  I got the first one, hooked it up and it quit working within two hours.  Ordered a second, it quits working within the hour.  I should have known better as others have posted the same experience.  Great concept, maybe they will get the actual product correct in the next year.  Please don't waste your time on this one now....", 5.0
"I bought this doll for my daughter for christmas and she was so excited, however in the last three days I have found that this doll was not worth the price.  The paint on the lips has already worn off, the eye lashes are falling out and it is difficult to keep the face clean, no matter how many times a day we wash it.  It has also stopped drinking when the bottle is placed into it's mouth.  I know of several other girls that are friends of my daughter who are having the same diffculties as we are.  If my daughter didn't love this doll some much I would return it for something worth it.  I guess if you are just intrested in making your child happy this is a good product however for the money I would suggest something else.", 5.0
"If it were up to my children, they would rate this stuff 5+ stars.  They love it and they are totally entertained with it.  It is one of the only times they play quietly without fighting.  Mom, on the other hand, hates it and you know it is bad when a toy gives mom some free time of peace and quiet and she wants no part of it!!!", 4.0
"This stuff sticks to everything and anything-including your children.  You can't believe the mess it makes.  Imagine billions of tiny little balls stuck to everything in your house.  I confine it to their playroom, but it follows them everywhere they go.  You will find it all over your house and in everything-you can't escape it.", 5.0
"As for the product itself, it definitely doesn't dry out, but it also doesn't hold together as well as described making it quite difficult to make the objects it claims you can make on the package.  Once you put colors together it is impossible to separate them out as they are tiny millimeter balls.  Playdooh may dry out if left out, but it doesn't make anywhere near the mess this stuff does and it also molds much better than playfoam!", 5.0
"My advice is to stick with your playdooh", 4.0
"My 21 month old toddler loved the star crayon, and so did I initially.  However, during its first use the red crayon fell out of the plastic holder.  The problem is the shape of the crayon is like a round piece of candy.  My son picked it up and was about to put it in his mouth when I saw what had happened.  Personally, I would not use the product given the choking hazard that it presented.  Otherwise, I would use it with care and watch your child carefully as they play with the product.", 5.0
"The Webkinz Yorkie Puppy I received is total different from what shown on the picture. Evne though it is still a dog it is not the one displaied on the picture which my kid really like. it is a total waste", 5.0
"When this toy is turned on it seriously sounds like an air-raid siren is going off.  I can't use my usual trick of putting tape over the speaker because you need to be able to hear the instructions to play the games.", 4.0
"Also, the counting/shape game is confusing.  There is a row of shapes with numbers on them, and the game asks the child to, for example, find 3 rectangles.  It's trying to get the child to press the rectangle shape three times, but the rectangle shape is marked with the number 8.  There's a circle marked with the number 3.", 5.0
"The only reason I'm not giving this one star is because my son enjoys playing the "repeat the tone" and "count the villians" games.  I'm not sure how much longer the adults in the house can handle the siren noise, though, I may try to hide this and get him a leapfrog toy instead", 5.0
"This is a preety good game but after a while, it is very boring. i enjoyed it for about 2 months but now i am not intrested in it", 5.0
"Perhaps a age group should be posted as with most toy sellers.  I bought it for my 4 year old nephew and it's worthless to anyone other than I guess stores who like to stick star war stickers on the retail counters.  It is deceiving and the retailer is arrogant and would not even consider a return since it was opened to see what it was.  Avoid this retailer and it's products", 4.0
"This was a total change from the boardgame. It is a lot of fun, however I have changed the winning amount, otherwise someone can win the whole game with just one hand", 4.0
"I am disappointed because this is a really flimsy toy. The launch button doesn't push most of the time (so Superman doesn't launch) and the foam Superman tears easily.", 4.0
"Pro: easy to visualize the numbers on the screen.", 5.0
"Cons:The biggest negaTIVE draw back is that the keys are not very sensitive. You have to push very hard and often multiple times to get a response. This is very frustrating- the help keys does not help at all. Do not buy it ,IT IS A WASTING MONEY", 5.0
"My 3 year old daughter and I have no problem making good size bubbles with this wand.  The design is nice, it snap back easily for storage and the color is nice.  However, after using it twice, the plastic hoop at the snapping piece and the stick is twisted.  This makes the hoop to be wailing back and forth even though it was snap in place.  It makes the wand impossible to make bubble by waving.  My daughter was frustrated.  I eventually went with some cheap plactic wands that do not have the fancy mechanism and they are extremely durable with many abusive use from a little child.  I don't recommend this wand", 5.0
"The dress featured on this particular set shows a girl in a FLOWING blue and pink gown... you get the blue and pink gown, but it's not what's pictured on the box.  It sort of looks like it, but it is a flimsier, straight version of the one pictured.  Also, my daughter just turned 4.  She's on the petite side, and is around 32 lbs.  This dress JUST fits her.  Hope this info helps", 5.0
"The canopy bar broke only two days after Christmas.", 4.0
"Now I have a sharp end on the bed frame.  Not good", 5.0
"for little fingers.  For the price, I thought it would", 5.0
"have been a lot more sturdy", 5.0
"Bought this product for my two sons ages 4 and 6.  Within the first week one of the sticks was broken.  Called the company and they sent out another one, but before it could arrive the other stick broke.  They aren't made strong enough to use.  They plastic simply cracks and totally falls apart.  We ended up throwing it out", 5.0
"This is a very cheaply made product that does not stand up to any child play.  My sons got this recently and within 24 hours one of the sticks had broken.  The company was nice enough to send a new one out but now (only a few weeks later) the plastic on the goal is shattered.  The goal also does not stay together very well and comes apart with each goal scored.  Overall, I would highly discourage you from wasting quite a bit of money for plastic that will not hold up to child play!!", 5.0
"I bought this carry case for my son's L-Max.  It works well for carrying the unit and all the games he has for it.  I wouldn't advise dropping it on a hard surface of any sort.  It is not nearly padded enough to be carrying a hand held gaming unit of any sort.  My son likes to take his L-Max to school with him for mornings before school begins.  I place it in the carrying case and then place the carrying case inside of his backpack to give it some extra cushioning.", 5.0
"If I had known how little padding there was in this particular carrying case I probably wouldn't have bought it.  There is a carrying case out for the Nintendo Wii that is similar in style but much more padded.  I almost purchased it but then thought that I should get something designed for the Leapster L-Max.  If I had it to do over I would have purchased the case for the Wii.  It might have been a little big but the extra padding would have made up for it.", 5.0
"Overall, it is not a bad purchase but for the money you should get something a little more protective.  After all, the Leapster starts at $69.99 and the price goes up accordingly for the L-Max", 5.0
"I bought this table set for my son because it was inexpensive and I did not want to spend a lot of money for something that was sure to get paint and glue all over it.  From day one it was a big dissapointment. The chairs are very easily tipped over, he can not even sit on the chair if I am not holding it or the chair would fall over.  The tabe is not made well as it is easy for things to slide off the surface.  It seems to be slightly raised in the middle.  I am now online shopping for a new one.  So instead of paying 100 dollars the first time around, I am now spending the 30 dollars already spend and an additional 100 for the new tabl", 5.0
"Out of the box we noticed the table top was warped. When you push on one side of it the other pops up.  Definately not suitable for crafts or play.  Returned it that night", 5.0
"It can be almost impossible to turn at times.  Instead of moving one to the right, you have to go three to the left, or fiddle with it so it lines up properly.  You can still solve the cube but it gets annoying when it doesn't move the way you want it to.", 5.0
"I was hoping it'd be better cause it's really cool that it fits in your pocket.  It's just too hard to turn.  I ended up breaking the thing trying to get it to turn one way.  And I cant put it back together cause one of the pieces is missing.  I really like this product (I'm buying another one), I just wish it wasn't so stiff.", 5.0
"Maybe they made it stiff so it wouldn't turn in your pocket but if you know how to do it, you can finish a rubik's cube in 5 minutes, max, so I don't see the need to prevent it from turning.  Apparently they thought people would solve like half of it and finish it latter", 5.0
"This is the 3rd and by far the most disappointing of all.  The sound doesn't work. Yes, I put the batteries in correctly and yes I turned it on. The van/car kept getting stuck.  My son was very disappointed and can only play pretend with it. I didn't pay all that money for an interactive toy and it doesn't work. Very disappointed in all these sets and will not buy another", 4.0
"Ancient Sanctuary throws lots of unique cards at us.  First, Fairy decks start to rise from the junk pile in the corner of your room.  Zombies finally have an 1800 attacker.  Machines have a mean burn monster.  The rares are something else.  Soul Resurrection is a Call of the Haunted except the monster goes into defence mode.  And it's only a rare! There is also Blowback Dragon, who like his brother, Barrel Dragon, has the same effect.  Instead of destroying monsters only, Blowback destroys ANY card on the field.  Zaborg the Thunder Monarch is also a plus to this set, destroying any monster on the field when summoned.  I got this 5 set and got Gear Golem, the Moving Fortress, Enemy Controller, Draining Shield, Zaborg the Thunder Monarch and Avatar of the Pot.  In other words, buy it.  This is worth the money", 5.0
"I was disappointed with the quality of this item.  Little tike is a name I have learned to trust and this was a bummer.  The front broke because of it's poor design and flimsy plastic parts. So now it is just a broken dump truck. Also you have to push the button for the sounds to work. It is not motion sensitive.", 4.0
" I picked this up on clearance, but I still think I spent too much.  The older versions were made of much sturdier material; the cards the questions are printed on are very flimsy compared to the original game.  The questions are okay, but many are very obscure.  Trivial Pursuit is a great game and it's one of my favorites, but this version is a dud.  Save your money if you have the older version; it's still a lot more fun to play", 5.0
"The stars may be really nice, but the package I received looked already open. The 3 sheets with stickers appeared as if someone soaked them in water and the package was missing the putty to stick up the bigger plastic stars.", 5.0
"This item came in the mail and my 4 year old son and I were very excited.  I guess we should have read the description more carefully because I wasn't expecting so many tiny little pieces.  We used ticky tack and began the tedious process of sticking the different sized stars and such all over his room.  We waited that night to see the glowing celestial extravaganza.  We kept the light on for some time to 'charge' the glow in the dark element then turned off the light.  What we found was nothing close to amazing.  The glow was fairly dim and only lasted for a very short period of time.  We even turned a blacklight on them and all that did was make them glow a little brighter but, again, the glow only lasted about 10 -15 minutes.  I ended up going back online and buying glow in the dark paint and a star shaped sponge.  We dabbed stars all over his ceiling.  These glowing stars last most of the night and our friends and family think his room is really cool", 5.0
"This was given to my 2 year old as a present.  It is really cute and he loved it but it is constantly falling apart.  The roof and doors keep coming off every time it is played with.  The concept is good, all the animals and farmer are built very well, but it's frustrating to me and my son that it won't stay together.", 4.0
"Our son received this toy for his first birthday.  It has a lot of good features--teaches colors, numbers, farm animals and their sounds, several songs.  But the music is AWFUL--the singer is off-key on every single song (either that, or they did a bad job of matching up the music to his voice).  As someone who appreciates music, I cannot tolerate listening to this, especially since there are far better toys out there.  Since our son already has 2 LeapFrog toys which teach the same concepts as this toy (the Learning Table, which has much better quality music, and the Fridge Farm), we will be exchanging the Vtech Discovery Nursery Farm for a different toy", 5.0
"The beads and charms are nice enough, but for the price you get very little with this kit -- only about 50 tiny glass beads and 50 spacers, plus the charms. There's nothing here special enough to justify spending the money -- there are plenty of nicer jewelry kits out there that are more generous with the supplies", 4.0
"It's a very cute lamp, but it's VERY NOISY!  I had read the reviews and other people had said it's noisy but I didn't think it would sound like something ready for liftoff!!", 4.0
"As you can see by other posts - we were all duped by a misleading advertisement.  It still shows "realistic tail movement" in the listing.  HELLO!!!  WHAT TAIL?!?!?!?!?  They have since changed the picture to the doll we all received.  The original picture showed the swimming one (tail attached).  My daughter was absolutely heartbroken when she opened this and realized this doll has no tail, nor does she swim.  I fully expect to be allowed to return this thing (opened) at no cost to myself.", 5.0
"I only ordered this because my child was begging for the swimming mermaid. I compared Amazon's listing with the manufacture listing and ordered. We did not get what we ordered... we got a barbie dressed in a mermaid costume, NOT the swimming one! This was from Santa and, I'm sorry, but seeing that type of disappointment in a six year old's eyes just breaks your heart. Of course, it was after the packaging was torn apart to get her out and into eager hands. For the first time in my years of shopping, I feel robbed", 4.0
"I did not purchase this doll from amazon, though my daughter received it as a gift--the REAL swimming mermaid.  DO NOT BUY THIS DOLL!!!  She took a bath last night with it and it did not swim!  It did not even move a bit--except for sinking to the bottom of the tub.  My daughter was ultimately disappointed and now we are going to try to take it back and get the Disney Swimming mermaid doll.  BUYER BEWARE--THIS DOLL IS NOT WHAT YOU THINK", 5.0
"I ordered this doll for my 3 year old grandaughter who wanted nothing else for Christmas and even though the stores were sold out, she was sure that Santa could get it for her. When my daughter called to make SURE that I had it actually in hand - I said SURE - I ordered it from Amazon!  After all, the description said that was the SWIMMING Mermaid...that it would swim as soon as you put it in the water.  IT IS NOT!!!!  Like the other lady said - it is Just another Barbie doll in a green dress.  Now I will have to pay a premium to get it from Ebay (where I could have gotten it for less a week ago) and also have to pay express shipping and hope it gets here before Christmas. I will have pay 6 times what I paid for this deception and hope that Santa can get it here in time so that my grandaughter is not disappointed.  Beware of this seller!  I see that he has now removed the word swimming from the description.  Believe me - it was there before", 5.0
"I ordered the doll because it said it will swim when put in water.  When I recieved the doll it was just a barbie.  It is not the swimming mermaid.", 5.0
"I had water rockets like this when I was a kid in the early 1970s.  The rockets were no different from the ones that come in this package.  They shoot high and straight and are loads of fun.", 4.0
"My only gripe is with the pump.", 4.0
"When I was a kid, the pump was heavy plastic and metal.  The pump on these new rockets is cheap plastic.  The knob on the end broke off the first or second day.  My son and I are still able to shoot the rockets, but we have to carefully stick the knob back on each time we want to pump up a rocket.", 4.0
"This was big on my 8 year-old son's Christmas list, mainly because of the Ben 10 game. He even wanted it more than any other game system. Although I wasn't about to pay full price for it, we got it at about 60% off for the main console. So we got it, paid for an extra controller, the Ben 10 Game CD, and a couple of Ben 10 Booster Packs.", 4.0
"The unwrapping was a hit, and the excitement of the first play-through went over great with my son. But I noticed right away that it was not going to last. The game itself contains graphics from about 10 years ago. The game play is difficult, and both my son and I would find it easy to die, thus restarting the game for both of us. You can only play with the characters that happens to have come in your game or booster packs, and that's not many. (Want more? Fork out more $$$ for more booster packs.) And finally, it takes so long to load from the CD (and it has to load EVERY level) that it must be a 1x drive. Seriously slow.", 4.0
"Although my son still loves the IDEA of it and has not admitted he's disappointed, he does comment on how slow it is, and how he wishes he had other kids to trade the cards with so he could get more. Apparently we were the only suckers to buy it around here. It hasn't been played but maybe 4 times in the one month since Christmas.", 5.0
"If you notice it to be on a HUGE discount, it may be worth it. But remember, you have to pay extra for more cards. Personally, I wish we'd bought a used GameCube with a few cartridges. That has way more staying power than the HyperScan will", 5.0
"Its disgusting that any company would make this figure into a toy. Complete with knives? geez give the kid a manuel next time", 5.0
"We've had the same set with Christmas colors for three years.  After the first year, the "whistle" unit (housed in the tender) no longer worked.  And about 10 minutes into running the second year, the engine stopped.  Found that the engine was wired so that the power wire was rubbing a drive wheel.", 5.0
"The engine is built with an underpowered motor, such that a fairly high power setting is required to get it moving and then it runs fast; there is only a tiny operating range before it will fly off on a curve.  The engine is very top heavy and the curves have a tight radius to them.  Finally, when taking the entire engine apart this year found the plastic gears flimsy, badly supported and worn even with recommended oiling.", 5.0
"I still have some of my fathers Lionel trains and these can still be counted on to run today; the new stuff being sold is meant to be in the trash quickly.", 5.0
"CHRISTMAS DAY THE TRAIN TRANSFORMER DID NOT GIVE POWER TO THE TRAIN SET.  ALL CONNECTIONS WERE VERIFIED AS WAS THE INSTRUCTION BOOKLET TO VERIFY PROPER CONNECTIONS. IT STILL DID NOT WORK.  THE ONLINE MERCHANT GAVE ONY 14 DAYS FROM DATE IT WAS SHIPPED TO RETURN FOR DEFECT, AND LIONAL WAS CLOSED FOR THE HOLIDAY UNTIL DEC 28TH.  WHEN LIONEL WAS FINALLY REACHED, THE TECH DEPARTMENT ESPECIALLY MR DEDEPPO  WERE COMPLETELY UNWILLING TO LISTEN TO THE TRAIN PROBLEMS AND ACTED COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL YELLING AND SPEAKING IN A MOST AGITATED AMD UNHELPFUL MANOR.", 5.0
"ADDITIONAL PHONE CALLS WERE PLACED TO LIONEL AND NO PERSON WAS ABLE TO GIVE THE REQUIRED INFORMATION TO ENSURE THE PRODUCT WAS DEFECTIVE AND THEREFORE REFUNDABLE ACCORDING TO THE RETURN POLICY OF THE AMAZON.COM RETAILER.", 5.0
"BUYER BEWARE THE GOOD NAME OF LIONEL SEEMS TO BE A MEMORY, IN THIS INSTANCE, THE CURRENT MANUFACTURER ALLOW THEIR EMPLOYESS TO HARRASS AND THREATEN CUSTOMERS WHO SPENT A LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY ON THEIR PRODUCT WITHOUT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THEIR DEFECT.", 4.0
"I WOULD ONLY BUY A LIONAL TRAIN THAT IS EITHER VINTAGE OR MADE BY LIONEL PRIOR TO THE CURRENT OWNERSHIP", 5.0
"I bought these from a local dollar store. I thought, "Wow, all these for one dollar?" Big mistake. I LOVE painting and am good at it, but this set ruins every paper, canvas, painting at ALL. The Brush hairs fall out and get mixed with the paint. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT", 4.0
"I just recently purchased the Red Variant of this figure and was excited and pleased to have both a nice looking action figure as well as the piece of Apocalypse.  But as I was setting him up, trying to move his leg it just snapped off at the hip joint. Hence the 2 star durability rating. I have never had this problem with the Legends line before, and was very disappointed, especially since it was the variant figure. Some superglue fixed the problem, but at the cost of some articulation. He is on my shelf now and looks great, but if you're giving the toy to younger children, be cautious. Like I said I have never had any problems like this with a Marvel Legends Figure before, so hopefully it was just a fluke.", 5.0
"The figure is still well worth getting, and in fact I am going to pick up the Green version sometime in the near future", 4.0
"While the kids love it, it's a headache for parents. It takes forever to inflate, even with an air compressor, thanks to many individual air chambers. As other reviewers noted, it's best not to leave it outside (the manufacturer recommends against it due to potential sun damage), but it's far too big to leave up inside the house. Not worth the time involved to set it up and take it down. I gave ours away", 5.0
"our daughter has had this product for quite some time and sad to say she hasnt touched it much at all. this product does get alot of attention but it is more so with reassembly. it does not swing, it does not stay together. i am constantly putting the legs back on and setting it back up and placing it with my daughters lil corner of little mommy playthings. of all the items collected, this one seems to be the one with the most problems. we do have a variety of brands varying in price from cheaper to more expensive. this one is by far the worst product we have yet purchased for her collection. we have very few dolls that actually fit in the swing and the ones that do, are too small for it. it is also the smallest item my daughter has for her dolls that range in size. we will not purchase another of these as well as recommend others to not purchase one. if the price is too good to be true, then you will only get what you paid for", 5.0
"This thing is a waste of time effort and money.  It falls apart the minute the child tries to swing the baby, not to mention it is too small for a two tear old to play with", 4.0
"Dissapointed with this product! Our daughter can not even play with it without it falling apart! Small pieces that disconnect from swing not a good idea for childrens toys", 4.0
"Swing comes out of base every time you try to put the baby doll in it and I bought the exact baby for it. The educational value of 3 stars is for me, you get what you pay for most of the time", 5.0
"First, the Volvo wagon is supposed to be scaled for the Midge series of Barbie dolls, slightly smaller than regular Barbie.", 4.0
"Another annoyance, it comes with a little pink roll-on suitcase full of microscopic Fisher-Price replica toys that have nothing to do with the Volvo.  I put all the tiny pieces together in the suitcase for my granddaughter and the suitcase wouldn't close. I looked on the box illustrations, and sure enough, they show a suitcase NOT CLOSED.  How could they design such a silly bunch of add-ons?  I just got rid of all that teeny-tiny stuff that doesn't relate to the inherent play value of the car.  Any kid would prefer to put her/his own stuff into a little suitcase than this mishmash of silly product promo from Fisher-Price.  Would have been nice to have a choice of colors, even approximately the REAL colors that the Volvo wagon comes in.  I just wanted my granddaughter to  be able to play-like with Grandma's white Volvo wagon.  How hard should that be?  Overall, I'm disappointed with this toy. For 28$, shipping included, I expected a better toy.  Not worth the money", 5.0
"When I bought this toy, I thought it was SOOOO COOL. But it really doesn't do ANYTHING it's supposed to do! It just makes annoying crying and whining noises that DO NOT sound real. Even if I tickle its tummy it just whines and cries. DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT buy this toy!!!!", 5.0
"The idea behind this toy is great & ours has lived up to its durability claim.  My husband did not complain about adding songs to it, so it could not have been too bad.  Batteries:  this eats through them like crazy - and we used Duracell.  Volume:  the idea of volume control is good, but the highest volume is way too low.  I can't even hear anything until I get it to the mid-setting.  My 5 yr old son takes his to wrestling matches to listen while he waits his turn, but the background noise of the gym drowns out the sound in his headphones.  We probably should not have bought this until next year, maybe Fisher Price will have improved it by then", 5.0
" First of all I think the concept is great however the safety bobber doesn't open and after about a dozen casts the reel fell apart. If you're looking for something that shoots, buy a rocket rocket not this rocket fishing rod and save some money. Shame on you Roland Martin for sponsoring such a piece of garbage. Don't expect to catch fish with this it is simply a novelty item", 4.0
"My son was so excited for this toy.  It was all he asked for on his 8th birthday. We went out to the lake this week and then began our frustration.  First there is no way to launch this 30 feet unless the wind gusts and the moon and planets are alligned. Then the "safety" bobber is so safe it doesn't even open when it hits the water, but does cause such a large ripple in the lake that all fish are gone for hours.", 5.0
"My son set it down after a hour of frustration and had me trek to the car to grab is old trusty fishing rod, that is not as colorful and plastic but does actually cast and catch fish. Don't get me wrong, I think the rod is a gret idea but the people who designed it did a very slipshoddy job, and I would warn anyone about spending money on it.", 5.0
"Like many my age, I grew up with Legos.  My wife bought this kit for me for Christmas.  I was excited.  After a couple of days of work, my excitement had turned to frustration and finally to anger.  This kit is poorly designed, and the instructions are not well thought out.  First, the "Death Star" is built on a base that you construct of Legos.  This base is not very sturdy.  The instructions said to put a bunch of parts just on one side.  Left alone, the structure would tip over because of the imbalance.  Much of the structure had such flimsy connections that the slightest thing would break connections.  I don't mean the quality of the Legos; those things are impossible to break.  I mean the way in which various bars, hinges, etc were put together.", 5.0
"In the end my wife and I probably spent 40 hours building something that would not hold together. I love Legos but this kit gets nothing but ill will for me.  For lack of a better phrase, this kit sucks", 5.0
"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS TOY, THE BATTERY IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THIS TOY. LEARN FROM MY MISTAKE. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!! no where in the product discription does it tell you that the 9.6 volt battery is NOT INCLUDED, all it says, is that you will have to purchase a 9 volt battery for the remote. Don't look for the Tyco 9.6 volt battery in a store or on line, because it will be "out of stock". I have been trying to purchase one for  4 months", 5.0
"Bad enough that the toy is a scam that requires extra  parts.  But the surprise here is the complicity of Amazon in this misleading packaging.  This is probably why the product is unavailable suddenly and the battery charger nowhere to be found.  They know they made a mistake. If only they  would contact us each now for a full refund.", 5.0
"    I wish a rep from Amazon could have spent the holiday week with my family as we searched from store to store for that charger.  I wish he could have spent an afternoon of watching my child stare at the toy he waited for. ..his "big" gift", 4.0
"Luckily I had one of the 9.6 volt batteries around and saved myself 20 dollars, after placing the battery in which is no easy task, he has to walk behind it to get it to go, the range is terrible, why is there no antenna on the vehicle also? Too bad I threw the box away Xmas morning, now I'm out 49.99. Live and lear", 4.0
"My son received this car for Christmas and I was appalled. Amazon only says that it requires a 9 volt battery, which was no problem getting. But as for the 9 V Turbo battery and charger, good luck finding that. I bought it when it was on sale for $19.99 and the original price said it was $59.99, so I thought that I was getting a deal. HUGE MISTAKE! I didn't know that I would have to purchase an additional $20 battery. NO WONDER WHY IT WAS ONLY $19.99! ITs a piece of junk. I also got the batboat, but I'm afraid to see what that might need. My advice, DONT GET IT", 5.0
"i got this toy with my own money and i think i wasted it bigtime! i play with the products more than the store.i think it should have been bigger and come with more stuff i nd not have had all that crap painted on the card borad backs to the shelves and i think it should had come with plastic strong backs instead of card borad stuff. i uassly take out the  card borad backs and make the store be a grocery store i would NOT buy this toy i would by the nursery playset instead.im 11 yrs ol", 4.0
"Don't buy this price increased version.  I doesn't work any better than the $19.95 model.  Plus it uses twice the amount of batteries.  The concept is great, the graphics are great and that's the end of it.  This just like the first plug and play Ms Pacman (which I also bought) and has a joy stick issue.  If the manufacturer would take off the games that need the twisting action of the joy stick maybe this would actually be fun to play instead of frustrating.  While playing Ms Pacman which is the ONLY reason I bought these plug and plays Ms Pacman has a mind of her own, turns corners on her own and runs into the ghosts on her own.  It's impossible to use the joy stick without twisting it during play and then you're out of control.  It's extremely frustrating.  For as popular as Pacman and Ms Pacman were in their day and still are these plug and plays would sell on that merit alone so take off the games needing the turning action of the joystick", 5.0
"this toy is a ripoff for 1/2 yr. olds and you'll get annoyed couase the games are SOOOOOOOOOOO hard even for me a 12 year old and in stead you should try out this game its an internet game its better than fat Tamagotchi and if you drop the tmagotchi in water it dies 4evr 4evr and evr FOREVER DO YOU HEAR ME!!!!!", 5.0
"go to [...]", 5.0
"you wont regret it!!", 5.0
"or you can laugh at me i dont car", 4.0
"I nearly bought this until I read that it involves cardboard and stickers.  That's shameful.", 4.0
"Search Amazon's partners and other major booksellers for the "Nostalgia" edition of Stratego.  It runs $4 or $5 more.  It has plastic pieces with metallic paint.", 5.0
"This game is a blast; you and your kids are going to play it a lot", 5.0
"I bought this for my 6 year old after Christmas as her cousin received one and loved it.  I ran all over town trying to find the PVD's (which are hard to find a good selection of).  I ended up purchasing some online.  By the time the PVD's arrived, the player was no longer working.  We have replaced the batteries several times.  On a rare occasion, it will turn on, but that is very rare.  We are very disappointed with this unit.  I should have listened to my husband and bought the DVD player!", 5.0
"My 4 year old really wanted this for Christmas, after looking at similar products, we chose this one.  Should have spent the money on the one w/the DVD.  Tutu is WAY TOO SMALL - fits her 18" doll.  Mat is a little too sensitive, she tries to put her feet in the position and kicks off the music pads.  Only 2 instructions - feet up, feet down. On the other arms up, arms down.  Bar isn't very stable.  Company should save the money they spent putting in the tutu and slippers and create a more helpful mat.  My daughter will press the music button on the mat and then dance off it.", 5.0
"I bought two Bionicles for my son's stocking at Christmas.  He is 5 so I had to help him put them together.  It took forever to construct this sad little robot and within minutes of playing with it, it began to fall apart.  The instructions are not clear and the overall durability just stinks.  If your child just wants to construct them and display them, then this is great.  If your child wants to play with them, forget it.  Go buy a preassembled action figure and move on with your life", 5.0
"The pictures get jammed in the camera and are very hard to remove.  One picture got stuck in there and so this toy was broken after about 2 days of play", 5.0
"I bought this sippy cup seeing how informative the review was.. and I was happy when i saw it and my baby liked it..", 5.0
"But whn i went to wash it, i cleaned the valve, by removin a obvious piece that had to be removed to clean... and it never was able to attach corrctly it will fall in her drink and completely get my babys face all wet so after ONE use i had to discard it... maybe it was defected but i was not satisfied with it", 4.0
"I ordered the Smack and Yack:Disney Cars Sally, Lightning and Ramone for Christmas.  The only one of them that worked consistently after a few minutes was Ramone.  Sally and Lightning only worked sporadically after a few minutes and then after about an hour,  they wouldn't work at all.  I ended up having to order the same ones again because my daughter was so upset that they stopped working on Christmas.  I hope the new ones work for a longer time than the orginal purchases", 5.0
"PROS: Very cool toy/model for a 12+ with extra time on their hands.", 5.0
"CONS: Too many microscopic pieces to count.", 4.0
"      Very little room for open play.", 4.0
"      Requires extreme caution playing with it because the propeller and other pieces fall apart at the slightest breath.", 5.0
"      Not appropriate for under 7, at least.", 5.0
"First just let me say that my son loves the Lego Duplo blocks and spends hours creating all kinds of different designs with them. He has been begging for the "big boy" Legos, and I have been turning him down, pointing out the recommended ages on the box, (knowing that I would be picking up infinite numbers of tiny pieces throughout the house for the next 18+ years). The ages they put on the box seem to be purely arbitrary, based on this particular toy. A well-meaning relative decided to bless him with this present on his 5th birthday. (I will be seeking revenge as soon as they have children.) I spent the next several hours constructing this nightmare, which in and of itself defeats the purpose of a building toy, in my opinion. I have no idea where they have the idea that this is appropriate for a 5-year-old, given that it was a challenge for me to put this together. Given the amount of microscopic pieces in this toy, one has to wonder who designs these things and if they have children of their own. So much of it seems purely sadistic.", 5.0
"When the helicopter was finally assembled (and I warned him that that was the one and only time I was putting it together), my son spent some time playing with it, only to be constantly frustrated by the fact that pieces were constantly popping off, particularly the propeller, and this was with very gentle play.", 5.0
"Bottom line, if you have a child under 10, they would probably have many more hours of play if you just bought a lot of inexpensively priced Lego blocks (of various types) that they could make into all kinds of different designs. These expensively priced City lines and the like are really neat once built, but then it's just like a very fragile model. Once you've spent the time constructing it, you really don't want to take it apart, so I'm not really sure why you would buy this over a traditional model. I guess I miss the point.", 4.0
"I helped my five-year old assemble this, and, like most LEGO directions, it went together well...unfortunately, it doesn't stay together...when he tries to play with it, the tail section falls off or it breaks in the middle...not as easy to put back together once it's come apart...it's proven a real disappointment..", 5.0
"I just saw this today in 2 stores (both priced at 19.99), and both stores had a lot of these games, also ebay  has a ton of these going for less than $20!  This price is absolutely ridiculous!!!", 5.0
"People this is a brand new game out for the v-smile system.  Walmart has tuns of them in the store for 19.99!  Don't waste your money!  This store is lying!!!!", 4.0
"What on earth are you thinking? Nobody is going to pay that much for this game unless it has a portal to the deminsion of Toyland.", 5.0
"Unfortunatley, I am not very techno savvy. I purchased this thinking we could use it on the original hyperscan unit...wronge. My boys told me otherwise, when they opened up the unit and hooked it up, this, being Ben 10, and the original unit being X Men, did nothing. I felt so bad for my son, he loves Ben 10 and could not even use these cards", 5.0
"This marble maze looks so fun and cute. However, it's actually useless and incredibly frustrating. The pieces don't fit together well and tend to fall over when you look at them--much less when you try to roll a marble through them. Also, the configurations pictured on the box don't work at all. Either our giraffe is missing a critical piece, or the wood planks are supposed to magically levitate. Ugh, I'm returning this immediately", 5.0
"I was dissapointed in the quality of this microphone. The sound effects are very loud and "crumbly" and the microphone itself is a bit cheap.  The microphone does not amplify the voice very loud either.  Cute to look at though", 5.0
"I'm here to find replacement parts for this toy.  My daughter was working really hard to try to make something work on this, and right when she got it together, one of the wires attached to the light broke off, when she tried to put it into the coil to make the connection.", 5.0
"We can't solder it back in, there are no replacement parts and my daughter is crying at the kitchen table and we don't want to order another one, just to make her happy.", 5.0
"Seriously, this toy is a piece of crap.", 5.0
"I gave the toy high marks for educational value, because it teaches kids an important lesson.  Once corporations have your money, they don't care about whether or not you actually were able to use it, or have fun, or will need replacement parts, they only want to get MORE money off you, somehow.", 5.0
"Also, buyer beware is an important lesson.", 5.0
"This was a real let down for my daughter.  She loves horses and has several Breyer horses.  When we saw this paddock she was so excited about it.  We decided to get it for her for Christmas.  It is very flimsy, does not stay together and breaks easily.  She spent more time trying to fix it than actually playing with it.  After a couple of weeks it was just completely not worth the effort and we put it up but later threw it away, only the doll and horses were salvagable", 5.0
"this was purchased for my 2 yr old son who loved to draw and scribble.  He was so excited to see thomas riding the track - well it worked the day we opened it and never again!  I would recommend not spending the money on this one and get the regular aquadoodle for 1/2 the price!  You are not able to wash the mat so if you get anything on it (eg. crayon or dirt) you can't get it out.", 5.0
"I consider myself a very tolerable and patient parent when it come to toys with noise, however; this phone is way too LOUD for baby/toddler.  It actually startles my 15 month old and makes him cry because it is so loud. Plus, it is powered by the wonderful button batteries that don't last. This was given as a gift, glad I didn't spend my money on it. Be aware that this phone is annoying, really serves no purpose and is too loud for babies ears", 5.0
"OF ALL OF THE EXPENSIVE GIFTS I PURCHASED FOR CHRISTMAS, THIS WAS THE ONE THING MY DAUGHTER PLAYED WITH CONSISTENTLY.  THE PRICE IS RIGHT AND NOW THEY HAVE FREE SHIPPING.  THE ONE BAD THING IS THAT THE CARDS ARE FLIMSY AND WE WORE THEM OUT!", 5.0
"When I received the punching nun and removed her from the package, her halibut fell off, the glue holding her black cape on didn't hold either.", 5.0
"I wouldn't buy another product through this company if this is the type of merchandise they are shipping.", 5.0
"Save your money and go to your local mall novelty store and pick one up.", 5.0
"Excellent product! I really appreciate the option to choose any of the 50 given mystery cases to solve. After playing all 50, you can just start all over again! Fun, fun, fun game! THANKS", 5.0
"Very nicely done.  Brought it for my grand-daughter who is 5yrs old and it is sturdy and has room to gro", 5.0
"My kids love this game.  They sit down together and play this game all of the time.  The neighbor kids come over to our house because they love to play board games and SORRY is the one they choose the most.  We do not have video games at our house, and this was considered a drawback to the neighbor kids until my kids introduced them to board games.  Now they come over all of the time just to play board games.  I say hide the video games and let the kids interact with each other playing board games.", 5.0
"Sorry is top game in our house", 5.0
"I bought this kitchen for my 18 mos. old and she really enjoys cooking and working in it.  It is a nice, compact size that doesn't take up too much space.  She can work at all the different stations and not get frustrated.  Another bonus for me was that it came fully assembled and ready to use straight out of the box.  My only complaint would be that the doors are somewhat difficult for my daugter to open, but I know as she gets older, it will become easier.  I would definitely recommend this kitchen to anyone who in interested in purchasing one for their child", 5.0
"This kitchen is not the first one I've purchased. I am more happy with this one than the other two I have purchased. It has plenty of storage space for all the food and gives the child more doors to open and be more creative. I am very happy with this kitchen, it's durable and a good buy", 4.0
"Very pleased with this purchase... My 2 yr. old daughter loves playing with her new kitchen!  The kitchen came fully assembled and all plastic parts are very sturdy.  The telephone is fun - and is actually my daughter's favorite part of the whole kitchen!  I know of 4 other friends who have this same kitchen - and all are pleased with their purchase", 5.0
"My kids grew up overseas and are quite familiar with Renaissance paintings. They've seen many of these paintings and are very familiar with them. I realize this is not the typical situation.", 5.0
"I was disappointed that the game is basically a game of luck. It is not challenging or reinforcing of our kid's knowledge. I had hoped for a game like "Famous Authors" which builds on and tests the level of knowledge of the players.", 4.0
"Nonetheless, the game is well presented. It's on the expensive side, but the book alone is worth half the price. Looking for a fancy gift with cultural overtones? I recommend this", 4.0
"I received this game as a gift and it really is a great! The book that comes with it would have been a perfect 'Cliff Notes' for the Art History classes I had in school.  My eight-year-old daughter won the first game we played and I'm re-learning lots of stuff I had forgotten. Highly recommended", 5.0
"My 16 month old loves her new groceries.  The produce &amp;amp; sandwich parts are plastic &amp;amp; each piece has a wonderful texture. The canned goods are very interesting to read.  They are actually labeled by a supermarket in the UK, so they are a bit different from the groceries you would find in the US.  I put the cardboard frozen food items away until she is older. She has been entertained at length because each piece is so intricate.  This was a great purchase.", 4.0
"This toy looks very appealing. I purchased this for my son, 16 months at the time thinking it would be a great toy to stash in the kitchen cupboard so he could play while I cooked cleaned etc. He played with it about 4 times total and he's 2 now! It doesn't do enough and does have much other than a shape sorter. I consider it wasted money but if my experience helps anyone I'm glad", 5.0
"Wonderful product. We bought this as a gift for my son's 7th birthday as a fun incentive to get him a little writing and spelling practice.  He loved to make his own books at home with computer paper and the stapler, so a real book was a huge hit.  He thought this was great because it is a real bound book with his own words and pictures.  His book will be a cherished keepsake and I'm sure it will be great fun to look at when he is grown", 5.0
"I can't say enough about Illustory!  My daughter is 6 and in Kindergarten and loved to make stories on paper stapled together. So, Santa brought her an Illustory kit and we did it together as she can't write many of the words yet.  So, she drew all the pictures and told me what she wanted to story to say.  We got our book in the mail yesterday, and she was so thrilled to see her story bound like a real book!  The quality was great, and it even had the dedicaton page and an "about the author" page with her picture (which I provided).  We even ordered an extra copy for grandma with a dedication to her!  I highly reccomend this kit", 4.0
"An unexciting piece. Of value only to the completist collector (like myself). There's nothing wrong with it, it's just that there's nothing "great" about it either. The lauching projectiles are unnecessary for a "holographic" figure. Hasbro could has done better by choosing another "host" sculpt to base this exclusive off of. The "Phantom Menace" version was much better", 4.0
"Excellent product! I really appreciate the option to choose any of the 50 given mystery cases to solve. After playing all 50, you can just start all over again! Fun, fun, fun game! THANKS", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old son for Christmas.  Not only did he think it was great but also his 7 and 9 year old sisters.  There are so many games that there was something for all of them. We took the toy with us to Grandma's and even the older cousins found it very fun and entertaining.", 4.0
" I really like that they can play all the games in Spanish too.  Once they have got the hang of a game in English they can do it in Spanish and it helps increase their vocabulary.  I was a little nervous if it would be worth the $50 because I had seen the barbie laptops and some others at radio shack. This one seemed like the best choice and was hoping this would be worth it.  In my opinion it is much better than the others we tried in the store and I would definately recommend it", 4.0
"Just purchased this for my 7 year old son that has cerebral palsey- He only has use of his right hand- this cartridge is perfect- game does not allow mistakes and can play this cartridge with only one hand and not both. Since my son has use of only one hand he has trouble playing the other vsmile games- he's hooked. Is very engaging also where some of the other games fall short", 4.0
"This is really fun for adults.  We get together once a month and we really enjoy the company, the food and the spirits.  This was meant for adults to solicize not for children.  I am sure they might learn somehting at another gathering.  I have really enjoyed Bunco.", 4.0
"We have enthusiastically played Candy Land with each of our three kids.  It is easily the best starting point for introducing a child to board games.  Players take turns drawing from a deck and moving their pieces around the board.  The cards have one or two squares of a particular color (such as red, green, yellow, etc.) and players move pieces ahead on the path to the next matching spot of the same color.  No counting or reading is required.  There are also special cards that can move a player ahead or behind, and they are indicated by  picture of the spot on the board to which the player should move their piece.  Play continues until one player reaches the end.", 5.0
"Some of my observations:", 4.0
"1) Most kids can probably start playing and enjoying this game before the recommended 36 months of age.  If you have a child with the attention span and the desire to sit down for a 10-15 minute game, I'm pretty confident they could enjoy it.", 5.0
"2) Among the lessons our kids learned from CandyLand: taking turns, recognizing colors, and dealing with disappointment.   Luckily, the games are quick enough that it is usually possible to play multiple games in one seting.  This makes it possible to keep playing until each child has had at least one win.  (Very helpful for managing little egos)", 5.0
"3) For such a simple game, it manages to perfectly balance the possibility of changes in fortune without seeming arbitrary.  The game is literally in doubt until the last card is played (one of the "special" cards might send a player back to near the start).  This is great for teaching that most valuable of lessons: "NEVER give up".", 4.0
"4) With most simple games, it is almost impossible to get older kids to play after they reach a certin age.  We have not found that to be as true with Candy Land.  We've had games with an adult and kids ages 3, 6, and 9 playing together and having fun.  If you have more than one kid, you know how hard this can be.", 4.0
"As a parent of three, I give this game my highest recommendation", 5.0
"I bought this for my three year old godson last Thanksgiving, and he loved it.  The pieces are bright, sturdy, and easy to grasp with tiny hands.  I've purchased several Melissa and Doug products, and I've never been disappointed", 5.0
"My son love this toy.  It also reenforces this shapes and colors.  it's a stepping stone for geometric patterns", 5.0
"This toy is so much fun! I play with it every day with my sister & brother. Altogether we have about 50 LPS. I have the most", 5.0
"Both girls, ages 4 and 2 loved this", 5.0
"This game has no board therefore no time is wasted trying to move from one room to another to make accusations. The luck in this game depends on which sleuth cards you draw rather than rolls of the dice. Strategy is the same as the original game only game play moves more quickly with one being able to gather information on nearly every turn they have. Sometimes you can actually eliminate more than one item on your list during your turn. All in all, this is a fun game that you can play over and over again in an evening with out getting bored with it", 5.0
"     I always thought Clue looked like a complicated game I'd never touch!  That is until I played it at my friends house!  Now I'm a Clue fanatic trying to collect all the versions!  This game can never get old because it's a different outcome every time!  I strongly reccomend it to anyone 8 and older", 5.0
"This is an extremely fun and addictive game. You shuffle the cards, and place three (room, weapon, person) in the secret envelope. In every room you go into, you can make accusations. If someone has the card you accused (like the room), then they show it to you and you write it down on your notepad. The game changes constantly, so it never gets boring. The character pieces have teeny details, like Mr. Green has straps and buckles on his briefcase. I gave it 4 stars for education because it teaches you to focus and really THINK. Oh, and good problem-solving skills too. And coordination (you have to add all the clues up to see who did it). All in all, a terrific game. Great for rainy days or playdates. And did I mention the weapons? Very realistic. And cute", 5.0
"This little motorcycle is cute.  However, it's very lightweight and is similar in quality to a ride-on toy that could be purchased for much less at any discount retailer.  The stickers do seem to be of high quality and to date, none have peeled off.  The extreme shipping price added another $10 to the $19.99 price tag.  This is definately not a $30 toy.", 5.0
"I-Dog is so fun to use!  All you have to do is plug the included cable into your digital player's headphone port and I-Dog will play your music through a tiny internal speaker.  I-Dog's face will light up with various patterns and colored lights depending on what type of music you play.  His tail serves as a mute button, but be careful because he doesn't like you touching too often!  I-Dog will get sad if you don't give him any music to listen to.  If you don't have a digital player, you can set I-dog by your boombox or other music device and he can "hear" that way.  There are only two reasons why I didn't give I-Dog 5 stars:  (1) The internal speaker isn't very loud, so you have to have your music player turned up quite high, and (2) the battery cover on I-Dog's back leg is really hard to get off.  You will definitely need some kind of tiny screwdriver to get it off", 5.0
"My 3 year old is very interested in space and LOVES this toy. Having said that one has to make sure that her child plays carefully with it----the payload doors don't really close, the robotic arm is a bit hard to use and the satellite dish on the truck is difficult to put back on. Meets the need for a realistic shuttle, though", 5.0
"This is a must have for your little sweetheart! My daughter carries this purse around with her everywhere that she goes. It's quit interesting finding what she has placed in her purse next ;)The accessories are cute, but she'd rather use stuff from Mommy's purse. ;) The purse is oh so cute too, and durable. My daughter is 21 months old, she received this on Christmas and has been a favorite since.", 4.0
"This shopping cart is the perfect height for my daughter.  My two boys even love to use it to cart around their cars and blocks!  Highly recommended", 5.0
"The concept is more or less the same as the standard monopoly. The product is good and is worth the price. Its nice to have the family members sit toghther and Njoy", 5.0
"This toy is a wonderful first toy. It captures their attention and has all kinds of handles for them to grab when they're ready! I absolutely love it, and so does my son", 5.0
"Purchased the Batman Laptop Computer at Target for Christmas for my grandson who is not quite 5 years old.  He was totally drawn in because it is Batman....but the games kept his interest. The entire family enjoyed trying the different games. Dad, a musician, enjoyed the music game. Graphics are super... I love the way Batman gives his approval with a thumbs up when you get the answer right....and the cool light inside that allows you to adjust from green to red. Grandma played in the dark with grandson for fun even. Worth the $38.99 I paid at Target on sale for sure.", 5.0
"Just wanted to let others know this info that I found out after reading the tip given by the reviewer about getting the table for a lot cheaper at Costco ...", 5.0
"I called Costco and they carried the KIDKRAFT art table with two stools back in January of 2006, and will no longer be carrying it.  You can find it at Walmart for $66 plus shipping, just check the website.  The table is not the same however -- the dimensions are different, the sides of the tables is slightly different (on one side of the Kidcraft table has two cups and a mesh basket in between the two cups, and the other side has a space where little legos can snap onto).  The stools are also tiny compared to the ones that come with this table. Overall it looks a little less substantial, but since I haven't seen it in person, I really can't give my opinion.", 5.0
"Hope that helps someone", 5.0
"My daughter is 2 1/2 and she loves Dora.  She loves playing with Dora and the babies", 5.0
"My seven month old thinks the pots and pans are the best thing ever, and I'd definitely rather he bang on the plastic ones than real ones. But I have to say that the songs are a little irritating and I find them running through my head when I'm trying to sleep", 4.0
"I bought this set for my son who loves to draw and paint.  He absolutely loved this set.  The colors are wonderful and the different types of pens, paints and crayons make drawing alot more fun for him.  The case is sturdy and great so he doesn't lose anything.  The price can't be better for everything you get.", 5.0
"I am so glad I bought this puzzle for my 3 year old! The pieces have the most beautiful pictures on them and the larger sized pieces are just right for toddler hands. This is one of those toys that you'll want to keep forever", 5.0
"It is really expensive for what it is.  I have to say my children love it, esspecially since we can put it in the middle of the table and everyone can take what they need from it.  I love that when we are done you can put everything back and stick it on a shelf.  However, for the supplies you get it IS expensive.  The tote itself is nice but not worth more than $5, add the supplies to it, maybe I could see spending $10.  However, if you catch it on sale I would pick up a few, they make great gifts", 5.0
"I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER. SHE LOVED IT IN THE STORE AND I THOUGHT IT WAS CUTE. I ALSO AGREE WITH THE OTHER REVIEWERS THAT THERE SHOULD BE INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE STICKERS, BUT YOU DON'T NEED TO BE A GENIOUS TO FIGURE OUT WHERE THEY GO. I CHOSE TO NOT SHAROEN THE PENCIL BECAUSE SHE IS 3 AND I DIDN'T THINK IT WAS NECESSARY. FOR TWENTY DOLLARS IT IS A GOOD BUY. I KNOW MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT AND IS HAVING A LOT OF FUN WITH IT", 4.0
"Very interesting spoof of the original game.  I found the first one boring after a few plays, but this one still interests my kids and I after 10+ plays.  It's a bit convoluted to put it together initially, but well worth it", 5.0
"     I always thought Clue looked like a complicated game I'd never touch!  That is until I played it at my friends house!  Now I'm a Clue fanatic trying to collect all the versions!  This game can never get old because it's a different outcome every time!  I strongly reccomend it to anyone 8 and older", 5.0
"Every child should have a chance to play this game at least once in their lifetime. The characters on the game board are so awesome too. Queen Frosting (that was her name... right?) is so pretty, she was always my favorite character. All in all, it's a great game and a great gift for nearly any child", 4.0
"We had so much fun with this game. There are truth or dares and all sorts of fun questions! I definatly recommend this game if you are having a party or even just a few people who want to have a good time! Totally worth buying this one", 5.0
"I agree with the other reviewer that this is more like a shape sorter than a kitchen. My daughter loved it when she was 1. Now she's turned 2 and she's lost interest in it, like many other "baby toys". I had to get her a larger and more realistic toy kitchen so she can "cook" with it", 4.0
"This was a great buy from Amazons sale rack at five dollars and 29 cents plus free shipping.  My [...] just loves puzzles and we are certainly fond of Melissa and Doug products.  We normally purchase them from Tuesday Morning or our local hobby store because they are usually cheaper.", 5.0
"This puzzle has made my toddler happy.  He fits it together then dumps it, repeating the process several times a day.  The drawing is realistic and there are no pegs, so it gives a little more grown up feel to the piece.", 5.0
"I got this message from the recipient's mother:", 4.0
"He loves it, really! well-made drawer - shelf design. It's heartwarming when he settles down industriously using his art supplies", 5.0
"My 9 year old son just started to understand this game, we bought it when he was 7.  He would get confused on how to call out the other persons ships.  He would say where his ships were.  This game helps kids understand they need to pay attention and coordinate where their ships are.  It depends on how quick your kids pick things up if they would enjoy playing this game.", 5.0
"I thought that this would be toy my daughter would grow into and not be excited about at first.  This was the first toy she opened at Christmas at only 19 months and was not interested in any others for the rest of the week!  She enjoyed collecting the fingers and and "counting" them.  She also has grown in the last few months to putting the puzzle together herself although the fingers might not make it on the correct hand just yet. Very durable, love that it is a traditional wood toy that doesn't have flashing lights or needs batteries! She still loves it months later.  The only downside to any toy like this, is we have to collect the pieces after she has put them in various places around the house.", 5.0
"My 3 years old son like's it but put's it together in no time. Not so hard", 5.0
"This puzzle is a lot of fun and my son loves it. The container is a toy for itself", 5.0
"My 28 month old son got this puzzle for Christmas and loves it.  He put it together the first time out of the box himself. It is the first thing he does every morning and then several times a day.  My almost 5 year old likes it too. It is not as sturdy as the Melissa & Doug floor puzzles, but it still really sturdy.", 5.0
"A lot of people look at this figure and say 'he has no wings!'.While this is true,I still recommend this toy,an excellant hair sculpt and goku's famous 'I have no idea what's going on, but be happy anyway!'look.The wings  are actually  really cool,although the halo has a job staying on.0verall this is a great toy and a definate purchase for any dbz fan or toy collector", 5.0
"My Grandson has truly enjoyed the Easyscore Basketball Set from the first day he tried it.  Wonderful to have the adjustment for heightening as he grows.", 4.0
"i got this toy for my nephew and i know he will get alot of good years out of it.", 5.0
"This made our 6 year old so happy!", 4.0
"Great colors, great markers", 5.0
"This set is perfect for a younger child! Having 100 markers to work with is great. I know when I was younger, I loved having little carrying cases for eveything to keep organized...I wish I had had this cute little case when I was 5", 5.0
"These dogs are adorable and are a cute addition to the dollhouse set. My daughter sends the other pets outside to play with this set. Plays with them as much as the people. Great addition", 5.0
"This deck is amazing the best structure deck out there. I'm a warrior fan so i loved it. its great for begginers just add the e-heroes and its perfect!", 5.0
"We got this as an 11th birthday present for one of my daughter's friends.  It was the hit of the birthday party -- all the girls went home with new yarn belts, and my daughter, who can already knit a little, asked if she could have one, too.  The colors of yarn are bright and the texture is easy to work with.  For our purposes, this was a great birthday present", 5.0
"This was exactly what I was looking for to complete my little set", 5.0
"Bertie is nice.  He has no magnetic pieces so he won't hook to other things.  Nice 16month old tries to use him on the train track which does work but he wasn't really meant for that and can be hard to push on the track", 5.0
"My two year old has several of these cars, and the race track. He loves all things Cars, so these were a big hit. All of the Shake and Go Cars talk before they run, which he especially likes. They are VERY easy for a toddler to operate, but his four year old sister enjoys playing with them, too. They don't run for very long per shake, but that doesn't seem to bother him at all", 4.0
"This board is of excellent quality and is highly transportable, but a little small for Go players who play avidly. The stones are also small, but they get the job done. Why I bought this board was because I wanted to be able to take it with me, without a huge board dragging me down. This fits what I want almost perfectly. Thanks", 5.0
"When my 25 year old daughter sat down to play Wedgits with her younger siblings, she declared that she wanted a set for Christmas.  She thinks it will be a great coffee table game for all her college friends.  My friend got a set for her grandkids but when the family gets together her son and son-in- law monopolize them with their little competitions.  These are wonderful for the imagination, and with Wedgits you will have a toy that adults will enjoy playing with and that makes the children very happy", 5.0
"Both my 4 & 2 year olds love the wedgits, my 4 year old however really gets into it.  She loves to try and make what the pictures tell her.  I was surprised at how good she was it.  It really holds her interest", 4.0
"This was the best therapy game ever.  My girls bought it for me, a gift because I love board games.  We mostly played it with their friends.   I have played with my children several times and found out some very interesting views that they have about me.  I decided to bring it to a family gathering.  I have always been distant with my eight siblings.  The game started out with the kids and my sisters ect.  then when they saw I was ok with laughing at myself they asked the children to leave and just the sisters played.  We had a total awakening of how we see each other.  We have never been closer, since that game our communication has been wonderful.  This game is the best.  We laughed so hard we ached the next day.  We played till 2:00 a.m.  Our husbands kept calling us asking when we were going be home.  We started our game at 9:00 p.m. and told them we'd just be an hour or two. LOL  I have been instructed to bring the game to this Summers get-together", 5.0
"My 2 year old daughter loves these dolls and I like them because you can't remove their clothes or shoes! Very cute and durable dolls", 5.0
"My cousin loves these dolls. She loves that she gets to be a "little mommy" to a boy AND girl...that's what i love about this set...plus the dolls are adorable and the only thing I don't like about them is the hats. I wish the hats were...cuter? I don't know but it doesn't matter. I'd buy these dolls for any really little girl. She used to cry when she lost accessories for her other dolls...but at least with these there isn't much to lose", 5.0
"It seems that just about every house in our subdivision has an electric ride-on toy. There are few "Barbie" Jeeps, few polaris ATVs, one Corvette and three Gators and few others. My 4 year old daughter was the first Gator owner.", 5.0
"I must say, it is expensive.. This thing is by far the most expensive toy my daughter has, bar none. Should you buy your 4 year old $300 ride-on toy? Well... that's up to you.", 4.0
"But she loves her gator. She had to give up on lot of other toys to get this one, but she is extremely happy with it. Sometimes I wish I was 40lbs so I can ride this thing. She can't care less about the "barbie" thing, so this green utility machine was fine with her.", 5.0
"The gator is slightly faster than others and the fat tires and truck bed makes the gator looks a lot more serious than the Barbie jeep. The truck bed is really useful. Although not recommended, she hauled two kids on the bed. With 4 kids on the car, it still zoomed around the street quite well. One time I loaded nail gun, air compressor, electric drill and jigsaw and panel saw all on the bed and asked my daughter to drive to the other side of the yard to fix the fence. I saw our neighbor hauling few bags of mulch on theirs. It made such a funnt scene.. little electric toys carrying real tools and stuff. Very cute.", 4.0
"Enough of fun stuff.", 5.0
"Problem 1. Battery location and the hassle to recharge this thing. You have to open the front grill and sometimes the latch can pinch your finger. It hurts.", 5.0
"Problem 2. The left front wheel fell off while my daughter was driving it. I tightened it again and never happened.", 5.0
"Problem 3. Slipping tires. People complain about the tires having very low friction. They slip very easily on driveway and grass. But this is how it "protects" its gearbox so I don't really care, but I heard they are expensive once they wear out.", 5.0
"I think this is the best ride-on toy on the market today. If extra $[...] won't hurt you too much, then do consider the gator. Your children will not be disappointed.", 4.0
"We got this toy for my son when he was 2 1/2 years old he is now 4 years old. It still runs like new. He drives it like a champ. We have used it to haul mulch to the back yard and some yard bricks. It never fails us and he think he is a big helper which he is. I am thinking of buying a 2nd one for my younger son now.", 5.0
"The doll looks nothing like the Aidan in the movie.  Actually, his face is kind of funny looking.  The movie Aidan is cuter.  The doll could definitely have been made better", 4.0
"My son got these blocks when he was 2 for christmas.  he is now 4 and 1/2 and still playing with them.  It seems no matter what new toy he has gotten, every morning I hear him carrying out his bucket of these megabloks.  I only wish they came is a larger quantity.", 5.0
"I ought this for my daughter for her 1st birthday.  She loves the bead maze at the top and she goes round and round the cube exploring all the different sides!", 5.0
"So as the title would suggest, the stickers on the cog wheels are starting to come off (after 1 week).  This doesnt affect the functionality of the toy, just the aesthetics.  If you are not bothered by some bare cogwheels this is still a great toy!", 5.0
"It stands 2 feet tall to the top of the maze and is the perfect height for little ones.  The other 3 sides are: ABC with pictures rotating blocks, Abacus, Sliding plastic pegs.  The only side with stickers is the cog wheels so no worries about other sides losing stickers.", 4.0
"If they had made the cog wheels out of wood or had the design painted or imprinted into the plastic this toy would be a 10", 4.0
"The checkbook package was opened.  No pieces were missing.  But It was hard to glue the plastic to the cardboard to give it as a Christmas gift", 5.0
"I bought this for my grandson, and he no sooner got it out of the box (with help), and he was outside in the sand with it, having a great time.  Cannot lose with these oversized trucks for little hands.  It is a good purchase", 5.0
"My son, who is 3, loves dinosaurs and everything green.  This toy was perfect.  The dinosaur comes in Green and Red. I bought green for my son and gave the red one to his cousin.  They have dino wars.  This dinosaur moves, roars, and flashes its eyes red, which looks really cool in the dark.  My son flys it around the room & uses it to attack other toys.  This proved to be a such agreat toy, I bought another (#2) green dino to have my son and husband have dino fights.  This toy is the best I have found.", 5.0
"This toy was bought for my son (14 months) because he has an obsession with the phone.  My son instantly LOVED this toy and has been a great subsitute when he is reaching for the phone and I'm on it.", 5.0
"It is a great travel toy as well.  Being in the armed forces, we are constantly on the move and he loves sitting in his car seat on the rides and playing with his phone.", 4.0
"Sure this toy gets a bit old after a bit but it's a small price to pay for your kids true happiness.  My one gripe with this phone is that within two days of him playing with it, he broke the center button that flips the features.  We returned it to the store and have not been able to find it except online.  I'm sure it was just a fluke flaw and am buying it again", 5.0
" this is an awesome game. the fun thing about it is building it. its better than the rollercoasters because you dont just watch it going in circles. it actually does stunts. its also not so easy to. its VERY!!!!!!!!!!!!! DURABLE. JUST KEEP IT AWAY FROM BABIES. YOU HAVE TO ORDER IT OFF THE INTERNET SO DONT GO LOOKING FOR IT AT STORES. OVERALL ITS AN EXCELLENT TOY", 4.0
"I purchased the mat to use with it and it works great", 4.0
"My son got this for his 5th birthday and he loves it! He likes to turn off the lights and give "shows" for the family. We have not listened to the Cds yet but I am sure they are a great add-on. My son is fascinated by space adn this porjector was a cool way for him to learn even more. I don't know if they revamped the design or someting but we love it and have no complaints. In fact, we are going to purchase some of the other packs available", 5.0
"This game set it of amazing quality. Every piece has so much detail it just looks good without doing anything! The Dubloons are the best part, and like others have said, make the BEST clinking sound when you drop a pile into your hand.", 4.0
"This game is definately worth buying.... IF you come up with some new rules that make the game more interesting. The gameplay is very uninteresting, boring, and brainless. My wife never passes up an opportunity to tell me how boring it was, and even her younger (12 year old) sister thought it was boring and had more fun playing with the pieces. My wife says I should have bought us Settlers of Catan instead of spending my money on this (before we got our own set... now we have one), but when I bought it I knew it would be just for the game pieces. I am brewing up some good rules to change the gameplay dramatically and make it much more interesting. She likes Settlers so much.. maybe I will get some trade of spices into the game and whatnot.", 4.0
"Anyways, if you are creative and have a good idea for a ship game, then DEFINATELY get this game set. It is high quality and beautiful. But, if you don't have the interest to make your own game, then pass this one up because you would most likely love to play any other game you own before this", 5.0
"The item arrived in perfect condition and right when I was told it would be here. I am very happy with this product and seller. Would have no problem doing busy with them agai", 4.0
"The story of "Hansel and Gretel" is more than a warning against children talking to strangers (or trying to eat their houses).  The recurring image of the forest in German fairy tales is a supernatural world where interesting things happen, while the fact the father of Hansel and Gretel is a woodcutter is significant because this was one of the lowliest occupations at that time.  Therefore, what we have here is the triumph of the poor working class characters over the witch and her upper class pretentions (she stores not only treasure but food), which would make her death some sort of proto-Marxist warning if you are ideologically inclined in that direction.", 5.0
"In the original manuscript of the story of the siblings were referred to as Little Brother and Little Sister.  The Brothers Grimm chose Hansel because it was a common name in German fairy tales (their equivalent of John Doe so to speak) and picked Gretel for essentially the same reason (which makes her Jane Doe).  Gretel (or Gretchen) is a form of the name Margaret, which in Latin (Margarita) means "pearl."", 4.0
"All that background makes it rather ironic that for its Twisted Fairy Tale series McFarlane Toys has turned Gretel into a German princess, striking a pose that suggests "Getting lost in the woods is the least of her worries."  This six-inch figure has tattoos, a spiked collar around her neck, and torn fish net stockings.  There are more details for you to discover when you look over the figure carefully, and while she is not exactly a princess of bondage, Gretel appears to be familiar with the neighborhood.  She also has a mop and a pail, and there is ample reason to think she knows how to use them (the mind reels at the possibilities for rewriting the Grimms tale).", 4.0
"Twisted Fairy Tales is the fourth series of McFarlane's Monsters, and the rest of the menagerie consists of not only Gretel's tag team partner Hansel, but Red Riding Hood, Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater, and Little Miss Muffet.  If you were aware about the probable origins of a lot of the classic fairy tales then you already knew that Mother Goose had a twisted sense of humor.  With these figures McFarlane Toys certainly takes being twisted to the next level.  Even if you do not want the entire set, there should be one of these figures that captures the Jungian dark side of the tales that we were all raised on once upon a time that most appeals to you", 4.0
"The wagon is great, as expected.  5 stars for the wagon, no stars for delivery.", 5.0
"It arrived with a dent, though, and when we called they told us a replacement wouldn't be available until mid-February, plus we'd have to figure out how to re-pack the thing, which was halfway assembled before we noticed the dent . . . so we gently banged it out and spray-painted the spot, and the recipients probably won't care, but it was a pain-in-the-butt, and there didn't seem any way to deal with it that wouldn't have been too much trouble.", 5.0
"I got a wagon like this when i was really small. Now I am 14 and Istill use it for getting grocries from the store.  It is still in good condition except it is rusty because i used to fill it with water nd make my friends  ride in it.   It is fun to ride down the hill from the store too my home.   It can go really fast and it's easy to steer.   You have to be careful if  you cross the road and go onto a curb with kids in it.  One time my mom was  pulling me and my sister to the store.  When she went over the curb it  tipped over and my sister scraped underneath her nose. It is a great toy  and even though i'm too old for it i still like it a lot", 5.0
"I had a Radio Flyer wagon just like this as a child and loved it,  which is why I wanted one for my daughter.  We bought ours when our daughter was a year old, and she loved being pulled around the neighborhood in it. Now  that she's four, she loves pulling her one-year-old little brother around,  or posing for pictures with him in it. We use it for picnicing in the local  park, or setting up an impromptu lemonade stand on the front lawn. The  wagon seems to keep popping up in our family photos, from the Labor Day  block party to Halloween trick-or-treating. It's a &quot;classic&quot; for  good reason--kids love it, and never stop loving it", 5.0
"My son received this as a christmas gift, and thoroughly enjoys it. This is not a regular DVD. It is designed to go with the "Read With Me DVD" system (a separate remote control that works with it on your TV). A previous reviewer was not aware of this, so it should not have received a bad review for consumer error", 5.0
" My 2 year old grandson loves balls of any kind,when I found this activity set I knew he would really enjoy it,he plays with it for hours. The only downside of this is that he cannot keep up with the balls. It would be great if this company would give parents,or grandparents an order form to get replacement balls to give this fun toy longer life", 5.0
"I bought this for my son's second Christmas; he was almost 2.  It was a recommendation of one of my parenting magazines and I had to hunt it down 3 years ago. He loved pounding the balls and he even could match the color of the ball to the color of the hole!  He still plays with it and I will be buying his baby brother one when he's big enough", 5.0
"My 18-month old has been playing with this for three months now and just loves it.  She even knows now which color balls goes in the correct slot.   She whacks them all in, puts the balls back, and keeps doing this over and  over and over", 5.0
"My 5 year old twins really like this game...it is sometimes difficult to balance the toppings, but that is why they like it so much.  On the other hand, my 3 year old finds it very frustrating. If you are considering purchasing this for a younger child you can rough up the pizza part with a piece of sand paper to help with the slippage.", 4.0
"My son loves these! They arrived in perfect condition. LOVE that they are machine washable", 4.0
"My sister said her 3yo son loved and and was able to play in it with his 1yo brother! I don't really know how durable it is, she lives in another state but said they liked it alot", 5.0
"My eight and nine year old sons are big Lego fans. I bought one set for each of my boys and they each built a different model. Both models came out great. The parts fit together beautifully and the finished product moves very well when played with. The vehicles are even better than they look in the pictures on the box. This was the first Technic set that they tried. I hope they enjoy future Technic sets as much", 5.0
"If your child likes the Wiggles like my 2 year-old does, then she'll love this keyboard.  Except that there is no volume button, which I consider rude to the parents.  :", 5.0
"My 23-month old son received this toy for Christmas and it was one of his favorites. He played with it off and on for hours. Woke up this morning and ran right to it. It isn't very educational but the fact that he recognizes the songs from the show makes it more fun. It's not too bulky so it's something we can take in the car. Overall, we love it and would recommend it to any Wiggles fan ;-", 5.0
"THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER, HAS OVER 100,000 WORDS. YOU CAN SELECT YOUR CATIGORY AND HOW MANY LETTERS. EACH TIME YOU GET THE WORD RIGHT YOU GET POINTS, AND THEY GET HIGHER AND HIGHER, AND IF U GET IT WRONG IT GETS LOWER. ..", 5.0
"I have wanted to buy a Musini for my son for a few years now, but never found one in a retail store, online or local. I recently gave in and bought one gently used on eBay for a fantastic price including the cartridge. My entire family LOVES it, including my 2-year-old son. It was very easy to figure out how to use, even without a manual. On the battery case are very clear, easy to follow instructions on how to calibrate the sensitivity of your Musini. Within minutes we had found the perfect setting for our carpeted living room and we were all dancing. Even my parents who came to visit one night were bopping to the Musini! My dad couldn't keep his feet still, insisting on drumming them on the floor constantly to keep the music going when my toddler had taken a seat to rest for a minute. I have found myself taking it out during my son's nap time to put near me while I do the mundane chores around the house. It is really addicting and keeps us all moving!", 5.0
"I can't say enough good things about this toy. The music quality is absolutely wonderful and is clear and crisp and a joy to listen to. You also tend to feel like you are actually playing an instrument when you're dancing around or even sitting on the floor tapping your fingers. The songs are mostly familiar and well-loved songs that you will instantly recognize. I have also noticed that you can use the Musini to up your child's physical activity. If you change the sensitivity so that they must jump or stomp hard, you suddenly have an even greater outlet for energy and a great source of exercise! You can, of course, adjust the sensitivity so that a single finger tap across the room will register. It's up to you, and I think it's fantastic! Highly recommended", 5.0
"The test of a toy is if the child loves it.  This toy was perfect", 5.0
"We had a simpler and earlier Quercetti marble run.  This was an upgrade/add-on, and well worth it.  The motorized elevator keeps the action going.  A five year old will need help setting up, but can operate the final run easily.  Safe pieces, easy construction and good directions.  Fun, even for the adults", 4.0
"Gave this to my 6 year old for his birthday.  I helped him to construct it from the clear (no reading) directions along with my 10-year old daughter.  The pieces go together flawlessly - the engineering of the plastic is superb.  The elevator works as designed and the battery pack (2xAA) connects via a short cord - very convenient.  He has already spent many hours playing with it", 5.0
"Our three children, who are now in their forties, were young when we purchased a Bozo Bop Bag for them.  They loved it, used it all the time, and it held up beautifully through the years.   Now our daughter has a daughter of her own and we purchased one for her.  Same design, same wonderful quality, same use as forty years ago.  Bozo is a "friend" who likes to be punched so he can bounce back up.  Our 3 year old grand daughter loves him.  She now has a baby sister 7 months old who will also be able to make use of Bozo.  For toddler activity and appropriate "acting out", I thoroughly recommend this product with no reservation.  It's a bit pricey, but worth 5 stars for sure", 5.0
"I looked for years to get the Bozo punching bag as it was a part of my youth.  Finally I located it and purchased it for my grandson, 7.  He loves it as does all of his family who use it to take out their frustrations. LOL  Built very sturdy as he drags it around the backyard as well", 5.0
"I received this sudoku handheld for christmas as a gift. I started to get into sudoku a few months ago. while i still like to clip out the newspaper clipping, this handheld lets me take my growing gaming addiction on the go. there aren't many buttons so it's pretty intuitive on what to push to make it work. hope this helps", 4.0
"Love this new edition to Yatzee.  It is so handy to have the tray so your dice don't go flying everywhere.  This game is really a good game for the whole family", 4.0
"Its the best table out there. I did a lot of research and now have a year of "testing." We bought it for my daughter when she was 1, and she's almost 3. I also run a daycare. The chairs don't tip and various ages from 2-5 have put them to their worst. It cleans easily and is easy to put aside, if needed. I did have to replace a chair once (I stood on it.) and the customer service was fast and friendly.", 5.0
"We did not buy the refill but purchased the original set with sandbox. It works wonderfully and my kids have played with it for hours. Clean up is easy. Another family I know just used theirs for the 1st time and they also had a wonderful experience.", 4.0
"This large collection of lego bricks is to my mind the "classic collection".  Children of all ages (and adults) can build ships, planes, houses -- whatever the mind imagines -- in a variety of colors.  The bricks come in a nice sturdy plastic container for convenient storage.", 5.0
"While Lego has gone on to develop a wide range of other products, for those who want a good starter kit and bricks not specific to any particular image or character, this is a great product", 5.0
"FINALLY - a way to buy just the Lego bricks to build using your imagination.  I only have one, but no more "kits" for me!!  Even the Lego company on line doesn't have this one!  Highly recommended", 4.0
"This figure of the great Wayne Gretzky is a must-have for those who collect hockey memorabilia.", 5.0
"The figurine is life-like, with Gretzky's expression looking just as it did whenever he scored a goal.", 4.0
"What I love most about this toy is that you can purchase Gretzkys that wore different jerseys to represent the eras in hockey his playing career spanned. If you are like me and collect Gretzky memorabilia (pictures, cards, jerseys, etc), this is an artifact that will fit quite nicely in your collection.", 5.0
"Since I had always wanted a "mad scientist" lab when I was a girl and never got one, my husband purchased this for my 4 1/2 yr old son and I to do together.  Overall, it's been fun.  Everything but water has been included which is a plus.  The "lab" comes with interlocking pieces which can be assembled in a variety of ways.  I like this component because it helps children with problem solving, creativity and motor skills.  The kit also comes with recipie cards and its own measuring spoon and beaker.  It's really taught my son to learn how to measure.  However, the recipie cards tend to generalize and direct you to refer to other recipie cards, which my son would not be able to figure out without my help.  The steps on the cards come with both words and pictures which was a plus but they omitted some details that probably only a grown up would catch.  On the other hand, the "experiments" or recipies go from simple gelatin molds of bugs to more complicated creatures that progressively build upon previous experiments.  They also encourage creativity by giving further suggestions for mixing colors, flavors.  I was also pleasantly surprised at how well the "experiments" actually tasted for a toy kit.  On the other hand, if made as directed we found it difficult to actually fill the monster molds with the amounts directed on the "recipie" cards.  Overall, this was a great gift because it got my son and I to spend some fun time together", 5.0
"I found this hamper storage bin to be great the kids can see into the bins and the bins don't add weight to the unit so the kids can carry the bins easily to pick up toys. However the bins could be a little bigger because they tend to fall off the holding rods if you bump the unit. The hamper is great because my 3 year old son can fill up his hamper but he can't tip it over and spill dirty clothes on the floor but it is light weight and easy for him to help haul to the laundry if he wants to. Good Ite", 5.0
"I looked everywhere for a plastic durable toybox, seems so simple but unfortunately no one kept anything in stock to look at in person. I took a chance on this one because the price was right, and I'm very pleased. I like the pockets on the front, my son loves putting his books in & out. If I would change one thing it is the lid. It is lightweight as to not hurt little hands & fingers (which is good), but is never locked onto the toybox, it lifts off very easily, so sometimes just bumping it causes it to fall out of the shallow indentations it sits in. Other than that we love it", 5.0
"We got this toybox for our daughter when she turned one.  We love that it doesn't have any sharp corners or hinges to get fingers stuck inside.  It still looks like new 6 month later so it is very durable. If your child likes to get inside it like ours does there is no worry about them breaking it since the bottom is fabric.  We also really like the pockets in front for storing smaller items- we always stick her favorite dolls and animals in there.  We don't use the cover so that she can get the toys herself and it works perfect for us.  Highly recommend!", 5.0
"I have been wanted a non-electronic non-paper Sudoku game for some time.  Rubik's Sudoku is a self contained single player game board.  I can move it from room to room without the playing pieces moving from where I have placed them on the board.  There is one extra piece for each number/color tile included.  With the color coding it is easy to learn the strategy behind Sudoku.  I was not picking it up very fast when I tried the paper versions.  After I progress through the 100 puzzles included with this game I'll use the game board and pieces with the Sudoku magazine I have.  For the cost I would recommend this over the more expensive wood versions.  If cost is not an issue then you might go for one of the more durable all wood versions that Amazon has", 5.0
"This is the toy with the background music and she'll play the croc toy along with this one and also dance", 5.0
"i can't say how great this toy is i mean it's tall and the word he says is sweet pick it up today dont waste any time..... or and dont fall alsleep. it's just great in every way that's all i have to say i mean if you dont pick it up you for sure will be sorry... i hope this helped any one who was thanking about getting i", 5.0
"J&J Sports Superstore shipped this as professioally packed & as lightning quick as Amazon has done!!!  This is a great gift for any one with a love for horses as my children do. Anything horse related is a hit in this home. I like the fact that Monopoly, one of my all time favorites, is available now in just about any theme. Go check out J & J Sports Superstore for your favorite themed Monopoly game", 5.0
"My daughter has been riding for about 3 years now and she was so excited to see this Christmas morning.  Of course that was one of the first things she wanted to play.  Her grandma and I played and I was surprised at the amount of things I have learned just from taking her to her lessons!  I'm sure there is a way to alter the game so there are more questions like Trivial Persuit but that was my only problem with the game.  There isn't questions asked every move.  But otherwise, it is an excellent game.  I would definately recommend it", 4.0
"my five year old loves this . has the cutest songest and easiest lyrics to remember. So easy for a little kid.  Fun, Fun , Fu", 5.0
"I bought my girls, ages 7 and 4, this product earlier this spring. It was easy to assemble, but finding the right height at which to hang it was a fairly time consuming process.  It has been up for 4 months now and has seen daily use. When our play group meets here, the kids line up to have a turn, over and over again.  I would recommend this for children who are reasonably coordinated and who have enough upper body strength to hold themselves up by their hands.  A very durable product and a fun physical activity", 4.0
"I love light sabers,I got 13 years all if you think you are big for one of them let me tell you that you will be a kid onlly once so get one an play,I bought one of the basic light sabers and they are so cool, this saber is the best, you can fight and the saber will not get damage, i like it very much. I got a green and black and my brother a blue and black so we can fight. The light saber full extended is like 3/4 of a meter but it do his job. The electronic light sabers are to fancy and they get broke in a moment. THE FORCE BE WITH YOU.", 5.0
"Our 2-year-old loves Thomas the Train, so this was a great gift for her. She has other Thomas items, but they're limited to playtime. This, however, is not only good for playtime, but safe enough for her to take to bed with her (she even kicked her Elmo out to make room for Thomas!). It's also small enough for her to be able to take on car rides. A great all around item to have if you've got a child that's really into Thomas", 5.0
"I was a bit afraid after reading the reviews, but this game is a hit with kids all ages. It takes about 3 minutes to set up, but it's not hard and the bees don't fall thru. We played more times than I can count this past week, and everyone enjoyed. I bought it for my 5 year old, but her cousins (ages 19, 17 and 13yo) joined in the fun and actually asked to play. My husband and I also got a kick out of it! Even our 3yo loved it, but she is incredibly lucky and would just pull randomly at leaves and none dropped, she's good!", 5.0
"Our child didn't get bored while we were setting it back up, but everyone was sticking leaves and talking, so I guess it depends on your children's patience or attention span.", 5.0
"In a few words: We all loved it", 4.0
"My nephew absolutely loved the games in this Nemo cartridge...I did do because they are educational and teach him various things that he probably would have no interest in...At least he is broading his horizons in a way that he enjoys", 5.0
"Great game! Bright, Colorful, easy for preschoolers to play and  understand. This one rates right up there with Winnie the Pooh for the 3-5 age group.", 5.0
"My 6 year old absolutly adores Junie B.  Santa brought her the Leapter for Chrismas and Grandma gave her the Junie B game.  She only puts it down to go to sleep.  There are a few games (word searches and finding a Noun/Verb/Adjective and Great for 1st/2nd graders. It is a great learning tool.  The software is set up like the Junie B Jones Journal book.  If you child loves Junie B she will definetly adore the game", 5.0
"I chose this railway set over Learning Curve because I believe their prices are inflated, and I was not disappointed with it.  The set is well made overall, with smooth, well-fitting track and sturdy accessories.  My son (3) and daughter (6) have played with the set for hours every day since we got it, both with equal fascination.  It fits perfectly with Thomas accessories we already own.  I have only three small caveats:  1) Buy some "sure track" clips to use on elevated portions of the track.  We use it on a smooth, level surface (hardwood floor), but the clips really enhance the stability for active play.  2)  The round turntable did not spin freely when we got it, because the blue center piece was not perfectly round.  We drilled out the rivet and removed the blue center piece, sanded down the edges, and replaced it.  Now it's very easy for my kids to operate.  3)  The trains included have slightly wobbly wheels, compared to Thomas trains.  But they are functional, and my kids use the trains interchangeably.  It's a great set, and a real bargain", 4.0
"I originally bought this for my husband, an EMT/FF. I wrote a poor review of company, based upon my entire experience w/ this storefront, and the other items I had purchased. I wasn't terribly pleased with the [...] pen but my husband took it to work and loved it. Said it went off several times from pocket while driving..and the entire ER loved it. Overall, it is fun and writes and does what it's supposed to: make you laugh", 4.0
"I appreciate the previous reviews, but we had already gotten the game by the time I read them.  My family - ages 4, 6, 10 and three adults playing  really enjoyed this game. We played until we had a winner (not too long)and then everyone remaining wanted to play to get a second place winner.  Just our opinion - but we had a good time", 5.0
"I bought this car for my 4 1/2 year old son who absolutely LOVES the movie Cars.  He also loves those Hot Wheels cars.  I got him this car, and he really liked it.  In fact, all of my kids (ages 4-15) like it!  It's a really cute toy.  It's even great if you are a Cars collector", 5.0
"My daughters (ages 5 and 2 1/2) were given these dolls for Christmas. They love them and play with them every day, especially the 5-year-old. I think the littlest one may be a little too young to really enjoy her fully, but she plays with her when her big sister plays with hers.", 5.0
"I'm glad I didn't let some of the reviews discourage me from getting these. All the problems people are having with the limited English can be very easily remedied, if they read the directions fully. First of all, you must switch the doll from "display" mode, by moving the little switch on her back. The doll comes in the mode used so that people can try her out in the store. In this mode, she will only say one or two things in English. One you move the switch, you just have to "wake her up" and hold the button util she's speaking English. From that point on, she should speak English, even after waking up. However, if you turn her completely off via the back switch, you will have to switch her back to English by holding the bracelet down.", 4.0
"I really have not had a problem, and certainly don't have to spend time interpreting what she's saying. That's why they make directions - it tells about the display mode right on the front", 5.0
"I bought this doll on ebay for my daughter for christmas because it wasnt  available in stores. My daughter who just turned 6 yrs old loves this doll. Doll speaks both english and spanish. The only thing I dont like is that this baby keeps going to sleep after meals, but if your child wants to keep it awake you can press the bracelet or put the bottle in the mouth. Its a good thing if you dont want to run out of batteries soon or to give the doll some rest", 5.0
"This game is fun for the family.  It's very simple and can be played by young children learning to count.  It's not overly exciting by itself, but you can make it that way with your own spin on sound effects", 4.0
"This set is perfect for my daughter's new toy oven (miele) that she received for Christmas.  The pots and pans are sized just right and the utensils are fit perfectly with the pots and pans.  One of my utensils already broke apart, but that happens.  I have a 3 year old girl who loves to cook, but she IS 3 and is not always careful.  Not sure whether that utensil wasn't made well enough or it's a 3 year old's play, but the rest of the set seems fine.  I would recommend this and the Miele oven", 5.0
"I was happy to order this early so they wouldn't run out, but I later saw the same set at a local store. There was only one left on the shelf, so I'm glad I ordered them anyway. They are my youngest son's favorite cars to start off with every morning", 4.0
"We got this when my kids turned 3, however could have gotten it when they turned 2. We play it every day. It tells you which player's turn it is, it also counts the number of spaces you are suppose to go with you and then it says "you're on the 'yellow' space" as a double check. There are 2 modes and we can play on the "difficult" mode (the difference being with the easier mode you only have to know colors, with the more difficult mode, you have to know the alphabet). The characters are REALLY cute to. Best of all, EVERYONE is a winner - yeah! A concept that is difficult to teach a 2 or 3 year old, but this games does a superb job. The computer chip knows what space you are on so it makes sure that everyone wins within 2 turns (that I've experienced), so those with little patience can "wait it out"", 5.0
"I bought the bean bag toss as a Christmas gift for my 22 month old son. He had played the Bean Bag Toss the first time at the Halloween carnival at the church. It was all he wanted to play that night. I wanted something that would be easy to pick up at the end of the day. At just three pieces,it is simple to put together and take apart. Although it says it is for 5 and older, it would probably get old fast for a child that age", 5.0
"This is a great game that is made very well.  It is nice and solid wood construction with great bright colors.  It will last us many years.  I bought it for a small carnival style fundraising event that we needed games for children to play.  It will surely be a hit!  My daughter (8 years old) tried it out and really enjoyed playing with it.  It has three bean bags of different weights making the game differing in difficulty.  I would recommend this game to any one looking for entertainment for children.  This game is best played on a table, so that a child can stand and throw the bean bags", 5.0
"MY THREE YEAR OLD SON IS JUST DISCOVERING THOMAS AND FROM READING OTHER REVIEWS AND SPEAKING WITH VETERAN MOTHERS OF THOMAS FANS I REALIZED HOW IMPORTANT COLLECTING THE DIFFERENT CHARACTERS IS IN ORDER TO REENACT THE SCENES FROM THE VIDEOS. THIS SET MADE A NICE ADDITION TO HIS GROWING COLLECTION AND THE PRICE WAS NICE TOO. THE WOODEN TRAINS ARE A BIT EXSPENSIVE BUT ARE WELL WORTH IT IN THE LONG RUN DUE TO THE FACT THAT THEY WILL BE PLAYED WITH FOR YEARS TO COME UNLIKE MOST OTHER TOYS THAT CHILDREN OUTGROW OR BECOME BORED WITH ALMOST AS SOON AS THEY RECIEVE THEM", 5.0
"me and my BF loves this plug n play game "wheel of fortune", we bought it at target store. thumb up for this one and plenty of words.", 4.0
"Muffet vs Spider! This is one cool looking figure and since the accessory spider is as big as Muffet makes it a kick butt scene. Again the turn is to the S&M pink & black leather bondage look, similar to the spiked outfit of Red Riding Hood. This is certainly not the image your mind conjures up to the nursery rhyme but it's a great display piece. The downfall from five stars is that when setup, Muffet is almost obscured by the spider. Both pieces look great in detail but a slightly different pose may have improved the figures", 5.0
"I hate spiders (yes I admitt that I make my wife kill them) and so does Miss Muffet...or is she.  As her outfit might suggest, looks like Miss Muffet as a bit of a fetish going on, need I say S&M, and with that said, being pinned (blindly I might add) by this monsterous spider may be more of a turn on then you might think.  You'd expect to see Miss Muffet in a frilly dress and bonnet maybe, blue dress to be exact but with her lether bondage in black and pink this 'Twisted' point of view proves to be anything but expected.  I say kudos to you McFarlane for truly reimagining the fairy tale (nursury rhyme, whatever) and giving us yet another piece of art", 4.0
"the lego community workers set met our expectations and even more.  The set comes with lots of different pieces and has made our lego experience very fun. Albeit a little on the expensive side, this set is well worth it", 5.0
"I have a 10 month old and a 3 1/2 yr old who both love this tunnel!!!!!", 5.0
"After reading other reviews,I, too, purchased this to use to practice agility with our dog.  I wasn't sure it would be large enough.  She is an English Setter.  It works perfectly for this size of dog.  She is approx. 35 lbs, med. size dog.", 4.0
"Cind", 4.0
"My son is a huge fan of the Thomas & Friends diecast trains and building sets.  Despite the fact he had amassed a large portion of these toys, an important character was missing from his collection: Terrence the Tractor.  Of course, he was thrilled when this little vehicle showed up in his Easter basket.", 5.0
"No, Terrence is not a train, but one of the tractors that plows the fields on the Island of Sodor.  Terrence is a wonderful character, with his bright orange coat of paint and happy face.  He has one magnet on his back end, perfect for pulling trains (or having trains pull him).  In all honesty, we have not had any problems with Terrence's treads coming off--they are designed to wrap tightly around the wheels when rolling, so no matter how hard my three-year-old tugs on them, they stay put.  Terrence is also a very durable toy--my son has dropped him, stepped on him, ran him into the other trains, and Terrence shows no signs of wear, tear, split wood, or chipped paint.  Finally, Terrence is small enough to fit easily in my son's hands during play, but can also be slipped into a coat pocket during a car trip.", 5.0
"All in all, Terrence is a terrific vehicle, and a perfect addition to a child's Thomas & Friends collection", 4.0
"This large version of Michael Myers is a lot beter than the McFarlane version released ever how many years ago. First the pose is better.Second NO BLOOD STAINS! Don't get me wrong, Michael Myers is a movie killer, but he never got bloody! That was my biggest complaint with the McFarlane version. He does have slight oily looking stains on his coveralls, but if you remember from the movie, he killed a mechanic to get those coveralls. Finally third, and pretty cool, the sound effect is diffrent. Instead of Laurie Strode's whiny help me , you get the Halloween theme playing along with Michael's breathing. Remeber the end of the first movie, after Loomis shot him, but the body was missing, the closing shots were shown with the theme music accompanied by Myers' breathing. If you got the NECA boxed set of Michael Myers and Loomis and liked it, get this! If you got the Mcfarlane version, get this! If you just like Halloween, get this! You won't be disappointed! Looks better in person than on the picture", 5.0
"The fun surprises with all of the magical castle playsets were a hit with my child.  She had a great time using her "magic wands" to see what would happen.  With the bathroom playset, having the vanity doors pop open and a step stool (I assume so Dora could step up to the sink & brush her teeth) pops out was a very fun surprise.  My 7 year old has already spent MANY hours making up princess stories with the castle.  The whole set was a great buy", 5.0
"We have several boxes of these Melissa And Doug bead sets b/c we just can't get enough of them!  My three children (twin boys - one girl) love to sit and make necklaces over and over again!  YES!  My boys love this too!!!  It's a great exercise for their fine motor skills!  The patience they have all developed to sit and string these small beads together is wonderful!  It's great practice for them as they create different patterns with each new necklace.  I suggest getting a few boxes - especially if you have more than one child playing with them at the same time.  Our favorite set includes letters so they can each spell out their own name or other words.", 4.0
"**Not suggested for small children who will mistake them for pieces of candy.", 4.0
"We bought this toy for our 1 year old son.  It is very sturdy and well made and the blocks inside are great.  I agree with the other reviews that the wagon moves to fast on wood floors and it does not turn well.", 4.0
"My biggest compaint, however, is that when both lids are closed, the wagon looks just like a 2-step ladder.  Our son constantly tries to climb it, like stairs.  The other day, he finally stood up on top of the wagon and the wagon tipped straight over onto the handle.  My son fell over with it and crashed on his face.  There are two rubber stoppers on the back of the wagon, but they DO NOT prevent it from falling over.", 4.0
"My son is fine, but this toy is very dangerous and I do not recommend it!", 4.0
"This backpack has plenty of room for the extra LeapPad books and cartridges we have. I love having them all together with even little compartments for the cartridges to be secure in.", 5.0
"My nephew loves this gift. In fact, he wouldn't allow his sister to play with it, so now she also has one", 5.0
"I like the fact that we can make all different sounds for cydney and she just loves to listen to it.. Can't wait till she can play with it hersel", 5.0
"I purchased this from Amazon, having only seen it in photographs.  Based on the online images I expected the top to be opaque pink, and the bottom part to be see-thru pink, so I could see what was inside.  When it arrived the top was indeed the exact color as on Amazon, but the bottom was a pearlized lighter opaque pink.  I don't have any problem with this, in fact I may even like it better, but it was just unexpected.", 5.0
"Overall the case is great.  Just as advertised it will hold 15 dolls in a standing position, with plenty of space in the 2 compartments in the lid for all sorts of shoes and accessories.  The doors on top are difficult to open, and I know I will have to help my 4 year old with it at first, until they "soften" up a bit, but at least they won't be flying open, spewing mini plastic platform shoes everywhere.  As one previous reviewer noted, there is a larger open space in the main compartment that isn't great for holding a lot.  I plan on using either a Ziploc bag in that space to maximize it, or attaching a (pink!?!) piece of cardboard or thin plastic to extend the height of it.  We'll then be able to fit massive amounts of clothes in there!", 5.0
"My cart does say "Barbie" on the lid, but the markings are discrete, and tastefully done.", 5.0
"Overall, I like this cart.  It's probably the best storage device for Barbie that I've seen.  It's cute, fairly well-made and will hold a ton.  I didn't give it 5 stars because of the issue with the interior storage, the handle seems a bit flimsy, the wheels are not great for carpet, and it's a bit pricey", 5.0
"I give this Leap Pad book 3 stars for fun because my children were not interested enough to even look at all the pages.They played with it a lot, but did not get even half way through, maybe that just means it is full of fun stuff to do, but since my kids have not gone back to it, I feel it does not hold their interest quite enough. Educational, 4 stars because some of it seemed a bit simple, like the space page. 5 stars for durability because it is no more and no less durable then regular Leap Pad books. Dont like the eraseable pen though. Must cover it each and every time, even between questions. If it's off more then 5 seconds, it dries out.I peronally did not find it very easy to keep picking up and putting down pens. I tried using a pen in each hand, and it dried out, so I had to keep putting down the regular "pen" to cover up the eraseable pen. Pretty annoying", 5.0
"We love this game.  All members of the family can play it and we've enjoyed it as a family many time", 5.0
"Easy, straightforward interface (for instance, a button for each number) and navigation through cells.  Easy to tell which numbers start with the puzzle and which ones you entered.  Provides time-penalized hints in any cell.  Pauseable and saves your game between (auto-off) power sessions.  Most importantly, this device lets you make "pencil marks"!  I have checked out at least a dozen products and I have yet to come across an electronic Sudoku that electronically lets me enter dots or Xs to indicate which numbers might (not) be in a cell.  It makes me wonder if the people ordered to design and implement these games actually play Sudoku themselves.  The closest I've seen let you enter multiple numbers in a cell and it blinks through them, which I find cumbersome and patience-trying.  Sadly, this thing doesn't do electronic marks either, but their lower-cost solution involves a dry-erase pen that lets you make the marks right on the screen, on top of little numbers printed in each cell's background.  Losing marks in travel is prevented by the recessed contours of the screen.  Why not 5 stars?  Just the fact that the marks aren't electronic, there's no backlight, and the shadows cast by the dry-erase marks can be a little disorienting.  Otherwise, a well-done, fun, and addictive product", 5.0
"My three year old sports nut just got this for his birthday.  We have not had any problems, and he loves it.  I can see his hitting improving already", 5.0
"Solid constructed dumptruck.  Only problem is the dumper is higher then the matching loader.  Wish the loader raised higher then the dumper for better play...for my son, not me :", 5.0
"I've been an Amazon customer for years, but this is the first time a product stood out enough for me to write a review. I bought this for my 8 yr. old daughter and I figured my 6 yr. old son could use it later.", 5.0
"I was very hesitant, because there aren't a lot of reviews and it's expensive.", 4.0
"Well, we've had it a few days and my daughter has been playing more with "Secrets of the Master Magician: An Apprentice's Manual", which I also bought at the same time (another great gift). My daughter is interested in this and it's easy for her to put things together.", 5.0
"My son is obsessed with it! It's similar (for him) to the Lego creatures he puts together. He needs a little help from time to time, but he can certainly follow the very well laid out diagrams. So far they've created an FM radio, a scifi noise maker, a sound detecting space noise maker thingy, a propeller that spins and flies into the air, a seven segment display, a volt meter connected to the solar cell. After connecting the solar cell, I realized my son thought the solar cell would come on like a computer screen or TV! After explaining it and putting my hand over it; now they both know what a solar cell does.", 5.0
" - There are 5 books of experiments.", 4.0
" - Each project has a nice simple color picture of how to connect all the components.", 5.0
" - All components are clearly marked.", 4.0
" - The diagrams are a top view. Since the connections are layered on top of one another 2 and 3 deep, it takes a little figuring as to what's on top and what's on bottom. It's easy for an adult. It's part of the "puzzle" for the kids. After we put a few together, they both got it.", 5.0
" - The pieces seem sturdy enough and snap together easily", 5.0
" - There is great assortment of parts to create lots and lots of very interesting projects.", 5.0
" - My kids love the projects. I've been very impressed.", 5.0
" - It has a cable that you can connect to the microphone port of a PC sound card. I haven't played with this. There is software, it looks like you can turn your PC into an oscilloscope. Looks interesting. There's a whole book for these projects. I just saw the cover, so it's likely that there's even more to it.", 5.0
"My kids are learning a lot with this. While they are putting things together, I can explain how these different parts work. There are lots of opportunities to take the project and modify it by replacing parts, change a light out for the speaker, etc.", 5.0
"For example, my son put the 7 segment LED together. I wasn't impressed. I was hoping to put together a counter, but it just connects each segment to ground to turn all the segments on. There are 750 projects, so maybe there is a counter project. Regardless, my son was fascinated. He changed all the connections manually to count from 0 to 9. He changed the main power resistor to see it go brighter with a smaller resistor and dimmer with a bigger resistor. Lots of implicit learning going on. I pointed to the microwave display and said, "See, that's how it works!", 5.0
"I enjoy seeing my twin four year old son's play with the Read with Me DVD program and CD's. The children are learning as they play. I see them recalling information and reviewing parts of the story. This educational toy is very engaging.", 5.0
"The only problem I have with this toy is sometimes if the child is not on level with the DVD player it takes several tries to get the DVD player to respond to the remote.", 5.0
"If you're not sure if your little one will really be "into" these train sets, this one is a great one to try out.  It's more fun when you get all the extra buildings, but if it's an iffy situation, then I highly recommend this set.  We bought this set for our little one because he just wasn't too sure about these trains.  However, after he received it, he found out that he liked them and well, now we have a bunch of them! The $40 is not much to invest n a toy that they're not going to play with either!  I just wish this set had more things with it besides just the track and the train.  However, you can get a little better deal if you buy the track separately from Maxim, who makes Brio trains now, and the train separately as well.  This train will chew up the batteries pretty quickly unless you use Duracell.  Energizer only makes it two days in this train but Duracell makes it two-and-a-half weeks.  Other than that, highly recommend this toy", 5.0
"My 3 year old son plays with them all the time. They are a little challenging and he loves to see the completed puzzle. The box is great and keeps the puzzles separate. Each puzzle peice is marked on the back for easy sorting. I am ordering all of the boxed sets ASAP", 4.0
"It is a magnificient item! So simple and beautiful yet full of really small details and "hello, here is Johnny Cash!"", 5.0
"Looks really great on foot with his guitar. Just like real. I strongly recommend it to all Cash fans", 5.0
"I bought this because as a kid my grandparents had one that I would play with constantly everytime I visited, and at the age of 7 was certain I could solve it.  I never did, and eventually it broke, and it wasn't until I was sitting at my work waiting for my computer to do something, that I thought I needed something to do while I waited for my computer to unfreeze, or for the network to come back online.  So I bought a rubiks cube, figured that it was a good portable puzzle thats easy to store, and is only one piece.  It came with a display stand, so I keep it displayed next to my monitor, and have co-workers come by and scramble it hoping that I won't be able to put it back, but I always have.  Like I said its a puzzle, but not with alot of pieces, and its portable, so if your taking the bus home, you can kill time with it, then put it back in your briefcase, or backpack.  I love it and haven't gotten sick of it yet", 4.0
"One day I realized that my baby is now a toddler and his toys are all...well baby toys!  I browsed the toy aisles for the perfect, age apporpriate replacements hating to spend more money on more plastic, yet desperate for anything that will engage him for at least 15 minutes and keep him STILL so I can put clothes away, vacuum, sometimes just SIT and play. This does it!", 5.0
"Reliable duplo/lego quality.  Non frustrating because the pieces actually stay together.  Easy assembly.  Of course my little guy is 22 months so I still have to do the majority of the assembly.  I did get this for him at age 19 months and by now he has caught on as to how to put the track together.  He tries to put the cars together but still needs my help to lock the pieces in place.", 4.0
"I am constantly amazed at how much toddlers pick up by watching grownups, so keep putting this back together while your little one is present.  Luca does love to disassemble the track and it is a challange keeping it together however, over the last month, persistence has paid off and he has figured out how to re-assenmble his little messes.  The assembly is easy enough for him to get it on his own!", 4.0
"These chunky toys accomomodate busy little toddler hands  perfectly.", 5.0
"This particular set comes with everything necessary for your toddler to "get to work".  This set has just enough to busy your toddler without being overwhelming!  This set has satisfied my little guy (although I did buy him the Toby (he is just so cute) set too.", 4.0
"My older boys take Tae Kwan Do every night and this set is a staple in the karate bag.  It definately keeps the younger .0brothers and sisters busy and off the MATS.", 4.0
"Other add-ons are available but right now, this set, and the Toby have been just enough!", 5.0
"The price sems high for the seemingly few pieces.  I am the first to admit it is difficult to commit to a 25$ purchase, but as with Lego/Duplo products, the quality and play/learning value add greatly to the plastic parts making it an excellent purchase!", 5.0
"GREAT GRANDPARENT GIFT! Even a perfect toy to keep at Grandparents house!", 5.0
" Our daughter got the pull and spin caterpillar for christmas (she was 9months at the time). At the time she wasn't able to pull it but loved to chase the caterpillar as it was being pulled. Now at 12 months she is able to pull it herself and loves putting just about anything on the back of the caterpillar.", 5.0
"  The toy it self has a very cute face and when pulled the eyes and ears move up and down.", 4.0
"  The only problem with the caterpillar is the pull string. It is very small and thin allowing it to slip through little hands while trying to pull it.", 5.0
"  Overall a wonderful toy, not only for the balls that come with it but for anything else that your little puts on it", 5.0
"This is a fun version of Battleship. And the nice part is being able to play against the game", 5.0
"I bought this set for my three children 5,4,2 last Christmas at a fancy toy store.  This product is top of the line and my kids can not get enough of this.  The marble runs are easy to build, sturdy and so much for them to play with.  There are a variety to build with the more advanced sets also we bought a few more "fun" and cool looking marbles as they raced them down.  The kids can change out the different blocks to make the marbles react in different ways- which is a creative aspect.  I LOVE THIS TOY!!!!  My kids beg me to make them a new marble run all the time.  You do need a hard surface to build on, since we didn't have a "train table" we put it on a hard piece of cardboard so it laid flat on the carpet, that way you don't have to hear the clink-clink of the marbles as they hit the bottom..", 4.0
"My daughter rec'd this game as a gift for her fourth birthday.  It was wonderful because my son, who was two could play it too (with my assistance of course).  Now they are 5 and 7 and still play it.  It is a simple game that requires no reading skills and reinforces counting.  I would recommend it to everyone", 4.0
"Everyone in my family is enamored with this fantastic Darth Vader mask. We bought it initially for my son, who is Darth Vader obsessed, but it's quickly become the house favorite. (Even Grandpa can't resist putting this mask on and pretending to be Darth for a spell.)", 5.0
"On another note: we keep this helmet on our bookshelf in the living room and it makes a great conversation piece. It is so realistic looking and it makes a menacing piece of art on display", 5.0
"I got these for my 28 month old daughter for Valentines Day as she is fascinated by skating. They are a pain to put on, but she doesn't mind. They have "beginner" settings, which she used for the first hour and then it was on to the "expert" setting! What I like is all the safety gear come with them, so she knows that she has to wear it "all or nothing". These are great and seem to be safe and sturdy...with supervision, of course", 5.0
"The kit was great I thought it was soo much fun to paint the puppies different colors! This toy is really cool because you can hang your puppies,put magginets on them or just play with them! This toy is pretty durable but if you slammed it really hard on a hard floor it would probally break.If you like craft kits you should deffinatly get this one", 4.0
"I love this kit--the puppies are so cute and the project is really fun. I loved the finished craft and it gave my children the freedom to creat whatever they wanted.  Would like to buy more of these to make a whole kennel and to give as birthday and holiday gifts.  All we needed was in the box and the directions were so easy to follow", 4.0
"All year long, my three and a half year old daughter asked for a digital camera for Christmas.  3-weeks before Christmas, she sat on Santa's lap at the mall and asked for a TRUMPET of all things.  I immediately came home and searched online.  Everyone had the colorful play trumpets that were electronic with diferent characters on them, but none of them looked real!  And I'm pretty sure that my daughter was expecting Santa to bring a real trumpet, so I found this, ordered it and it was here BEFORE the estimated delivery date!", 5.0
"It is extremely lightweight (cannot be used as a weapon), each button has a different tone to it AND it looks real (besides the fact that it's not brass).  She loved it!  She plays it all the time and unbelievably, it's not the most annoying toy she has.  I would recommend it to anyone with young children interested in musical instruments", 5.0
"My 6 yr old loves this game of War. The food chain comes to life in this game of who eats who. Besides the plankton, shrimp, little fish, big fish and Shark, there are also electric eel cards and ink out octopus cards for added excitement. The game is played like war, but the instructions add a slap Jack element. This is not my favorite part. We have limited the slap jack part to just the electric eel card, which still annoys me and makes it difficult for a younger child to play with older children. The ink out card prevents anyone from winning that set of cards and gives the person with less shark cards a chance to win shark cards from the other person. This game can go on and on, don't be afraid to adjust some rules to make this game more enjoyable for your little one and not so complicated.", 5.0
"The cards are made well.", 5.0
"My children (4 & 6)love this game.  It is great because no reading is necessary.  The game asks the questions and even repeats them when necessary.  While my kids don't know all the topics covered they enjoy the game.  The fact that the game makes sure they move the correct number of spaces is great too.  I definitely recommend this game and I will probably buy the next level of it.", 5.0
"She's crazy about horses and loves this set. She's creating whole scenes with the pastures and horses. Great se", 5.0
"I got one for my granddaughter.....and I got one for myself.  I don't know which of us will love it more.  ADORABLE!!", 5.0
"truly wonderful!  My 4 year old son hasn't quit playing this game since Christmas", 5.0
"I bought this for my son for Christmas after he saw it advertised in a magazine.  He has been playing with it almost non-stop since then.   It is loud and somewhat intricate but easily masterable by small kids. It also connects with other Matchbox sets and comes with a mat for layout.  Based on my boy's interest and use so far, this rates 5 out of 5", 5.0
"My three kids have loved this tunnel since they were two(they are now 5,7 & 9) They still play with it alot. They do a variety of things with it including magic tricks where the child inside will "magically" disappear. It's great exercise too to be on your hands and knees. They also love to play "tornado" with it, where one child gets inside standing up while the others throw stuffed animals into it, meanwhile the child inside throws them back outlike a real tornado does", 5.0
"This is a great toy for kids of any age. We bought it last year when my daughter was 2 1/2. She still plays with it. It folds up very nicely and no matter how many times her and my 6 year old son jump on the outside, it still looks like new. At my son's 6th birthday party (13 boys, 2 girls), the kids stood with it upright and pretended they were an alien worm, while the other kids beat them with blow up swords. Yes I was supervising, but the tunnel took the beating and is still in great shape. Even out cats crawl through it. There are not many toys that are this much fun and durable", 5.0
"What more can you say?  It's durable, it's fun, it folds so nicely and be put away!  GOOD BUY", 5.0
"I was skeptical about this one.. as I have learned that the cheaper the toy is.. the less my baby likes it. Though he absolutely adores this floor mat. I got it for him when he was 2 months old. He is only 4 months old now but can't get enough of it. The little octopus does make sound when it spins.. but he can't reach it yet. Though its hilarious to watch him try! He gets so frustrated and beats up the other toys, but then smiles in the end when I go spin it for him.", 5.0
"I give this 5 stars because the floormat itself is. I would give it 4 stars but that is based on my baby and all babies are different. The only problems we have with it, which would make it 4 stars would be the fact that aside from the octopus there are no other sounds, and there are no lights. My baby loves sounds and lights. So if you have one of those, expect yours not to want to play as long on the mat in the beginning stages. Ours plays for about 20-30 minutes, then he wants to be moved to his swing so he can look in the mirror and hear the music. But you can get really good tummy time on this and it keeps them entertained and laying out straight (instead of scrunched up in a swing so often) so you can get a few things done around the house.", 4.0
"Oh and we have noticed that our baby will play on it longer, if we go over and play with him every once in awhile. Helping him reach the toys, making the octopus spin, etc. Then we get another 20 minutes to do whatever. So all in all... its a great product...", 5.0
"Just be warned that the little mirror on one of the fish.. isn't a mirror. Its one of those flashy material looking things and the baby can't see his reflection in it.. cause I cant even see mine in it.", 5.0
"If the toys are hanging to low for your baby, you can flip them over the top bar once and they will hang higher, or move the baby on the mat a bit.", 5.0
"I work at a daycare and have an 11 mo old and can promise this is a great toy!  My baby loves it and she usually gets bored with toys fast.  All of the babies like to open and close the door and crawl through.  It also has a doorbell that rings and a light that turns on.  It plays several different songs and really keeps the attention of older children as well as babies.  I highly recommend", 5.0
"My children enjoy this playouse. In the summer I had it in the backyard. In the winter, it lives in the basement. I bough acrylic paints to color the interior.  This will be their surprise when I put it outside in the summer.  It will look like a new playhouse.  Buy this and enjoy playing with your children", 5.0
"We just set up our playhouse and I'm very happy with it! It's large enough for a parent to sit inside, it was easy to set up and my 2.5 year old son is loving his new playhouse! He really likes the basketball hoop/game side of the unit. I wish there were more electronic noises and interactive components on the walls of the playhouse, but I still think it's a great value for the money", 4.0
"Based on the other reviews, this grandmother decided to buy this particular playhouse for my grandson's first birthday present! I am not the least bit disappointed. Colorful, action packed activities everywhere, sturdy, easy to assemble, cold weather friendly and perfect for the little boys in your life! There are a lot of girlie playhouses, but this one is the answer for boys.", 5.0
"My son put it together in about an hour, and was ready for the birthday party guests.", 4.0
"Happy Grandmother", 5.0
"This update of the old Big Wheel style "Green Machine" is made to handle the height, weight and wear and tear of big boys (and girls, up to the latter 30s have even been caught on it), yet the seat is easily adjusted so that the average 5-year-old can reach its pedals.  The main cool feature is the dual lever steering.  Just like with the original hollow model plastic version, pulling on the steering levers in opposite directions sends the machine into a wicked spin-out that kids just can't get enough of.  Yet under the usage of some pretty crazy 6, 9 and 12 year olds on a steep downhill driveway, the machine has almost always remained three wheels on the ground.", 5.0
"So first, I am amazed at the staying play value of this toy.  For two years now, it has been the first toy out of the garage every time the door opens.  And second, I am amazed at its durability.  The 9 year old who uses it reguarly is an Evel Kneivel who is notorious for breaking my children's toys left and right, and so far, it has held up without a squeak.", 5.0
"This was a million times better value for our hundred spot, than the darn motorized motorcycle we bought a couple years prior for twice that amount which only lasted a year before the gears stripped.  Definitely consider this for your 5-10 year old boy, even if he already has a two-wheeler.  It's a whole different kind of fun.", 4.0
"***** all the way", 4.0
"My 21 month old daughter received Baby Pooh for Christmas and plays with him EVERY day. She loves diapering pooh when her baby brother gets a diaper change, and bathes with him nightly. He comes with a duckie and bottle of his own. The high chair back does not stay attached to the chair, but Pooh still sits upright and has enjoyed many meals with my daughter. Pooh is made from hard plastic and, sadly, his arm broke off when dropped by my husband this weekend. My daugher is handling the trauma OK, but we are getting her an new Pooh for her birthday because she loves him so much. I recommend it", 4.0
"This train table is a nice size, bigger than I expected. It went together easily and is sturdy enough for my grandson's Thomas stuff. It seems to be made as well as what I saw at Toys R Us for double the price.", 4.0
"I bought this for our grandson age 13 soon to be 14 and he was very pleased with it.  He did say that it was a little more difficult to put together but he did it and was very pleased with himself and with the results.  Thank you for  making this possible.  The price was right", 5.0
"My son received the smartville ice cream shop for his first bday. he played with it all the time. We bought him the rest of the set for christmas. This is definitely his favorite toy. He is 15 months now and he plays with this set almost all day long. This is one of the best things I could have bought for him. He understands how it works by placing the characters on the round spots. I feel it will be a great teaching tool for when he is ready to learn the alphabet and his numbers", 5.0
"this is a great item. Theres alot going on in such a  tiny little space. The detail is great,from the kraken that can make a boat disappear,to the bone cage.There's a collapsing bridge,a collapsing building,a trap door,runaway mill,and a cool magnetic boat race and more.It comes with Jack,Will,Norrington,and the cannibal chief,but no Davy.That was a little disappointing.But anyway its a fun item for all ages.", 5.0
"I bought this high chair for my daughter's second birthday because I love the look of it. The similar chair made by Badger Basket Toys gets terrible reviews for being poorly constructed so I went with this one despite it having no reviews. I couldn't be happier. This high chair is solidly built and was easy to assemble. I love the white finish because it will be relatively neutral as my daughter's room may go through decorative changes in the coming years. I don't forsee her outgrowing this toy for quite a few years and it is sturdy enough to last. She has several dolls, the largest being her 17" Corolle Lila, who fits beautifully in the chair.  I would guess that this chair could possibly handle up to a 20" doll. While it is solidly built, I am obviously discouraging my daughter from sitting in the chair herself (I've caught her trying to several times) because no doll chair should be expected to be that sturdy! The only real negative is the joke of a chair pad. I actually just tossed it because it doesn't really add to the toy's play value anyway and would probably just be a nuisance. I highly recommend this high chair for the child in your life who enjoys taking care of babies. It's made me look to KidKraft for more toys and doll furniture", 5.0
"My son has really enjoyed the play center. It was easy to assemble and it seems to be holding up well with several children playing on it at the same time", 4.0
"Tried this for the first time at family gathering and enjoyed it immensely. Requires concentration along with some speed and causes lots of laughter. A great family game.", 4.0
"I just got my tamagotchi last week and my cousin couldnt stop holding it. He fed and played with it everytime.It got sick every minute because my cousin kept feeding him.One day my cousin had wet hands and touched my tamagotchi toy.It died for a week I had to get it fixed.I wish you made the tamagotchi V4 waterproof.", 5.0
"My son is currently 4 months old, and this is currently his favorite toy. He loves to watch it, hold it, and chew on it with his gums", 5.0
"I purchased this at my 10 year olds request for a birthday present.  I was skeptical, but since it was the only thing requested, I bought it.  We've had it 4 weeks.  What a great pool toy!  Kids love it!  We have a 22 foot above ground pool, and it works fine.  I have bought floats for upwards of $25 dollars, so for the cost of the Wave Cruiser you can't go wrong.  It seems to be well built and sturdy.  I wouldn't hesitate to get on it.  Takes 8 "D" batteries that are in a water tight case.  It will tip over as will any pool float when the rider gets rowdy, but that seems to be part of the fun for the kids.  Overall great gift idea", 5.0
"I bought this for my niece's 5th Birthday, and she loved it! My nephew (8) wouldn't leave her alone, he wanted to ride it. My brother-in-law got on it, and it actually moved him around. It is very durable, thick plastic looks like it will last a while. For the price, if it lasts this summer only, it is worth it", 5.0
"It was impossible to find baby sunglasses in the winter until I found these stunning red infant shades.  A plus was there is a soft strap to keep the sunglasses on.  Our granddaughter looks like a movie star", 4.0
"My daughter recv'd this from her grandmother for her third b/d and i think its alot cuter than in the picture. It has worked fine for my daughter she has figured out how to work it by herself and even has shown mommy how to turn it on once in awhile. she likes playing the cds with her name in them that her grandpa got her for her b/d.  The only thing i did wrong was let my daughter keep it in her room w/o me checking up on her, she went and poured some kind of liquid in the storage compartments so i had to take it away as punishment. I have forgotten about it until i seen this ad which now i think i will get it back out and let her play with it again. I have even played my cds on this while cleaning the kitchen and they sounded fine. My daughter has alot of the princess furniture in her room and this really matched and is very cute, and we have had no problems with this item so far. (knock on wood).", 5.0
"I bought this CD player for my daughter's 5th birthday not expecting it to last a month. To my surprise it's worked wonderfully. She figured out how to operate it pretty easily and she listens to it every night before bed. We've had it for 6 months now with no problems.", 5.0
"My favorite feature is the compartment for the CD's. It keeps them from being left lying around and getting scratched.", 5.0
"DOND is a fun game, and we've had some lively sessions playing it.  There is an additional (we forget...we got rid of it!)...complicated thing that the game had, and made it "less fun" to play.", 5.0
"You also have to disregard the 'suggestion' regarding "how" to give an Banker's Offer...it doesn't work, so you have to use your own judgement, to "jiggle it"...actually, this makes it even More fun!", 4.0
"All-in-all...from 6 to 60, of we whom have played (if you follow the 'disregard' suggestions)...it's a 4-star fun.", 5.0
"As always a pleaser! My girls, ages 9, 8 and 2 have about 8 other sweet streets. They play for hours with them.  I also bought her the  Shopping District and Movie Theater. They got a big kick out of the music the movie theater played.  I would highly recommend Sweet Streets Village gift set and all the other sweet street products!!!!", 4.0
"My 2.5 yr old son loves this puzzle.  I help him put it together and he just loves the challenge and the construction equipment.  I like how tough the pieces are- they have held up even when stepped on and chewed on by a baby.  Very nice", 4.0
"Very cute product and well worth the money.  My three year old loves all the things he can do with it in the bath tub", 5.0
"This is a simple pirate ship tub toy with two backyardigans characters. My pirate enthusiasts (ages 6, 4 and 2) love it. It doesn't move or make noise, but it floats well and is sturdy. The best part is that the characters fit in the bottom of the ship for easy storage", 5.0
"This was strickly a replacement for an old solver that I have had.", 5.0
"Would not want to be without one as I am an avid crossword puzzle", 5.0
"solver.", 5.0
"Many thanks for the prompt service I was given by Amazon", 5.0
"The developers of this game did a great job coming up with questions designed to appeal to kids, questions like:", 5.0
" If you could star in a movie, which movie would you choose?", 4.0
" If you could eat only one food for the rest of your life what would it be?", 5.0
" The questions range from simple to a bit more complex, so that kids who like challenges as well as those who don't will enjoy the game.", 4.0
"  Another thing: Although you can follow the rules and play this strictly as a board game, we used it while we were just sitting around the table having a casual chat. Sometimes the kids asked the question, sometimes the adults did...but we all learned more about one another...a LOT more...and many of the questions got us talking about family history, memories, etc. Lots of fun! It'd be great to take the questions along on a trip or while eating at a restaurant since they are surefire conversation starters but not so personal that anyone's "personal boundaries" will be invaded. Plus, there are no right or wrong answers and any information provided is strictly voluntary, revealing as much or as little as the respondent wants.", 5.0
"  One caveat: You will eventually go through all the questions so this game won't last forever...unless you are able to find new people to participate. If so, it be used for years. In terms of fostering family closeness without any threatening or off-limits questions (in short, everyone has to play nicely together) this is great!", 5.0
"It says some silly things which might not make us laugh. but overall a cute toy and kids will like i", 5.0
"  I got this as a gift for my neece, she loves it, her parents love it too. She is now three years old, She got it last yr. for Christmas,...I was over to see her yesterday, and it still is like new. The velcro is very strong.. and it's a very safe toy.. Her baby brother, now is playing with it too, he is one yr. I recommend to all! Great buy.", 5.0
"my 3 yo loves this - got it with a beautiful kitchen and she goes to town.", 5.0
"It's east to use and she retends to make sandwichs and cut the fruit and", 4.0
"veggies - very cute", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter for Christmas, three days before her first birthday. She loves taking the pieces out, banging them together and recently, putting them in the correct spaces! The size of the pieces is perfect for a young toddler and the knobs are the right size for her hands. Will definately look at Melissa and Doug puzzles for her again", 5.0
"Imaginext Dinosaurs' T-Rex is quite simply fun to play with. The dinosaur not only is a great toy, with a lever underneath that reacts with the dino biting and yelping out a loud roar. It comes with a catapult with its respective stones (2) that the caveman (also included, with accessories) can operate, to save himself from the deadly bite of the dino.", 4.0
"My 3-year old picked it up since he got it, and he hasn't let go", 5.0
"My little boy is a certified dino-phile, to the point where he's had to teach me to pronounce several dinosaur names (ever tried saying Edmontonsaurus three times fast?). But, like any kid, his favorite remains the T-Rex, tyrant lizard king.", 4.0
"When it comes to his numerous dinosaur toys, this is the most durable by far. Although we've had the same problems getting this to stand at times, as mentioned by another reviewer, that hasn't diminished my son's enjoyment.", 4.0
"To top it off, he's come up with fun new uses for the toy, too. That catapult is VERY good at aiming at our family cat, much to my son's delight", 5.0
"this toy looks great it has the house which kids love and the climbing par", 4.0
"My son has played with these from 6 months old, and still likes them occasionally (18 months now).  The small car is nice for babies to shake.  They don't do much, but they are cute", 4.0
"This is a fun toy, just a bit difficult to stack because of the narrow wheels. You can ask which one is biggest, what color is this car, ask about the numbers on the cars, etc... that is why I think it is educational to that respect. My son still has this, and is three years old and will play with it every once in awhile with his matchbox cars stacking them or just rolling them along", 4.0
"I got this for my 2 year old for Christmas. It was a nice present, he enjoys it. 2 things though, it only came with 75 smaller balls so i had to purchase another 100 from somewhere else and the picture is misleading as to how big the item actually is. It could fit 2 toddlers in the pit itself and that would be max, and that is two 2-3 year olds. It is comparable though to other ball pits in size and he seems to enjoy the hoop and putting the ball through the hole in Big Bird's ice cream cone so i feel it was worth the money, especially since i didn't pay for shipping", 4.0
"I got this for the price, $4.99.  I put it together 2 days ago and my 4 year old daughter has spent almost every waking hour playing with it.  The first thing she asks me in the morning: "Will you play Mermadia with me mommy? Pretty Please?"  The parts come off easily but do not fall off.  My daughter is a little rough on her toys but since the pieces of this are easily taken apart and put back together it is great for her.  She loves it.", 5.0
"My 4 year old child loves this car! He spend a lot of time playing with it, and it's incredible all the functions and programing it has, and what he loves more it's his talking realistic mouth! Totaly recomendable", 5.0
"I received the order in record time and in excellet condition. Saved time from trying to find it in a store loacally, and arrived right at my door step.", 4.0
"Really cool item, my son loves it", 4.0
"Every family, every party, every gathering of kids and adults or combinations of both will love this game", 5.0
"My [...] really likes this train puzzle. He knows his alphabet and is able to pick out which puzzle piece comes next in line and attach it. It goes straight across and is over 10 feet long. There is also a picture with each letter on the piece and this has helped him with words beginning with that letter. He will say "Q quail" or "N nut" when he is putting the piece on. The pieces are easy to attach, thick and very sturdy. The pieces comes apart with no worry of ripping the picture off. This would make a really nice gift for a 2-4 year old. The box is also very nice to keep the puzzle in.", 4.0
"My 3 year old son LOVES this puzzle and has played with it for over a year.  He likes to put it together over and over again, making a "train" across the floor.  It has really helped him to learn his alphabet, and I highly recommend it!", 5.0
"Deductive reasoning at its best.  Awesome and absolutely brilliant.  I got this for my 8 year old daughter and my hisband and I have taken turns to play with her, and we have been late for dinner many times--- not anting to get up till we finish the game. I recommend it highly for parents who want to spend some quality time with their kids", 5.0
"Yasmin, one of the super-stylin' Bratz Rock Angelz, is in my possession! So, I'm sorry my reviews go in to EVERY LITTLE DETAIL(as one customer complained), but that's how I do it! So if you haven't bought a ticket to info-town, either get the heck outta here, or buy one by reading this review. HERE GOES!", 4.0
"First off, Yasmin has blonde streaks flowing through her dark chestnut hair. Just like the other Rock Angelz(Cloe, Jade, Sasha), Yasmin's hair is awesome quality;smooth, great duraility, etc. That feature makes her great for younger kids because her hair can get messed up many times, then smoothen out. Yasmin has the liveliest color eyes of the Rock Angelz; emerald green. This works as both a strikingly gorgeous feature and hot highlight to the doll. Her lip color, pink, really stands out on the doll. And of course, as most other Yasmin's do, she has the warm cocoa skin color. She has dark blush and sparkles above her eyes.I absolutely adore her chocker. It is too cute! I'd definately say that her jacket has a 70's-80's rocker look to it. It's definately the best piece of clothing on this doll. Just beware that it's difficult to fasten the velcro in the back. The velcro on my Yasmin doll's jacket is practically coming off! Underneath her jacket, Yasmin sports an undershirt labled 'Rock Angelz', with the ever-so-famous red glitter included. Her jeans have no rips or anything. They're just jeans with white stitching, red glitter, a chain half-belt, and little frayed bits at the hem. Now don't get the wrong idea! Just because this doll has a chain, leather, frays, and a belly-jewel(so not a tatoo!), don't go thinking, "Oh no! This doll portrays an image of bad things for our 'little' girls!" She's just a cute rock star singing inspiring songs and wearing totally appropiate clothing. Now, of course, if you still think this doll is innappropiate, it's not my place to order you to buty this doll. I just wanted to epress my opinion;this doll is safe. Anyway, her black guitar is in the same mold as Cloe's red one and Oriana's purplish one. It's a little difficult to position her guitar correctly, but not thouroughly impossible. Her second outfit consists of sparkly mini and rockin concert tee. Yasmin's ankle boots match with both outfits. And I love the fact that both outfits are mix-n-matchable! It rocks! Literally! Her accessories include:glasses, 2 sets of earrings, cell-phone-necklace, bracelets, star brush, lipstick, microphone/microphone stand, and totally-collectible displaying stand!", 5.0
"You've outta have a rockin' time with this rockin doll! She's 100% worth the price($19.99)! Fortunately, I got her for Christmas. In my opinion, she's appropiate and meets the standards of ALL ages(notice I stressed on the 'all'). You're lucky if you get her! GREAT JOB MGAE!", 5.0
"Chelsea&Yasmin(50% My Scene, 50% Bratz)over, & OUT!!!!!", 5.0
"P.S.-END THE WAR!!!", 5.0
"-#1 Peacekeeper(Hannah)", 5.0
"12 YEAR OLD FAN OF MY SCENE, BRATZ, BARBIE, AND POLLY", 5.0
"This set was one of the most fun builds I've done with Lego in a long time. As an adult fan of Lego, I highly recommend this set for its minifigures and part selection. They are excellent additions to any castle or general builder. As a builder, the final construction is impressive in size (18+ inches long), functionality (the rotisserie chicken is quite amusing), and playability (the sea serpent's posability and the incredible catapult alone are stunning). The catapult was my favorite part. After seeing the necrotic firing action of the Lego Exo-force Mobile Defense Tank's disk launcher; the rapid-fire, long-range Viking catapult is astonishingly fun to play with. The lone drawback in this set is the fragility of the ship's hull. It should be assembled on a hard surface (I tried to build it on carpet) and slid about on the floor, not carried (it will fold in half in the air). A few extra plate elements to reinforce the hull joints would probably improve this set", 5.0
"The children in our after school program love this puzzle.  The colors are beautiful and they are learning about different sea creatures at the same time", 4.0
"Our daughter received this puzzle for her 3rd birthday.  She's a puzzle nut!  This became an instant favorite and had to be left together for all to see.  The picture sheet in it labels all the sea creatures and it becomes a great way to discuss the different levels of life in the ocean.  The coloring is beautiful - Mom and Dad enjoy it as well.  It is extrememly well built, sturdy and can really be wiped off with a damp cloth.", 5.0
"The only negative, as another viewer pointed out, is the darker bottom pictures.  Harder for young ones to distinguish designs and not as visually appealing.", 4.0
"I bought this set for my son prior to reading the other reviews online but before I tried to set it up. I will admit in reading the reviews about how difficult some people thought it was to put together that they must be exaggerating...we'll apparently they were not.  I tried for 10 minutes and was covered in soap and nearly hurt myself trying to get the first two pieces together...so at that point I gave up and waited for my husbands help. The two of us spent nearly an hour banging the thing together with every tool we had(after we washed off all the soap b/c that just made getting the pieces to stay together impossible)and once we had the center base up I pushed it and it fell completely apart.  We got it back together but there was no way I felt it was sturdy enought to let my child anywhere near it.  So in desperation I called the ToysRUs store where I got it and spoke w/ the store manager. She assured me that this was not how it was supposed to be and that I should bring it back.  I wasnt thrilled about that b/c it wasnt the easiest thing to get home in the first place...but what choice did I have. I asked her if they would set the next one up for me to make sure it worked b/c I wasn't about to go through this again.  When I arrived at the store it was all set up and completely sturdy...exactly what I had wanted it to be when I had purchased it. Unfortunatly due to its size we had to take it back apart to get it home but once we did my husband had it back together in about 10-15 minutes with just a little banging from a rubber mallett...just like some of the other reviewers had said.  So the morale of the story is...if its miserable to put together then its probably defective and should go back...but once its together properly its great....now if my son would just show some interest in the darn thing all would be good with the world!", 5.0
"My 6 year old loves this book.  Wanting to be like her sister she is learning spanish too!  This is a very well laid out book.  enhances the ability for young children to learn a second language", 5.0
"My 3 year old son received this as a Christmas gift last year and he loves it.  He explores outside and collects things from the yard and hauls them around in the truck.  Must say the truck is durable, it stays out on the deck and the weather doesn't effect it.  We hose it down to clean it, no issues there.  Highly recommend", 4.0
"I bought this for my girls when they were six months old and at two years they still like the colorful birds!  This is a great toy, well made and interesting.  This would also be a wonderful gift", 5.0
"Our family loves this game.  It brings out the creative side of people of all ages and is very fun to play.  There are 5 catigories.  Movies, weird laws, initials, word meaning, dealers choice.  Everyone takes a turn orchestrating the game while the rest of the players make up ficticious answers.   Then that same person reads everyones made up answers along with the correct answer and you have to guess which is made up and which is the correct.  We played many times over Christmas with teenagers and gramdma too!  Everyone was having such a great time we didn't want the game to be over.  Turn off the TV, make some popcorn and re-connect with your family with this fun, no pressure to win game", 4.0
"Balderdash is a riot!  It keeps my family in stitches!  My entire family is so full of bull we play this easily.  Playing Balderdash is a family tradition after Thanksgiving & Christmas dinners and everything in-between.  Anytime there is a family gathering the Balderdash game comes out!  My grown sons and their wives are full of bull, the grandkids are now joining in, but, it's tough to out bull the mother of bulls!  Gotta Love It!  Jan", 5.0
"Every human should have one of these. Ideally, every human should have one of these in every size and color available. It doesn't get any better than Etch-a-Sketch. I have several of them in my office, and they're wonderful  for long meetings and work sessions", 5.0
"This lovely new set depicts one of America's best-loved and most popular breeds.", 4.0
"The beautiful dun mare with her sparkling white blanket was created using the "Duchess" mold.  Her alert expression and slightly wind-tossed mane is sure to make her a favorite with your young horse-lover.", 5.0
"The sweet dark dun foal has his mama's lovely blanket and sweet face.  Created from the classic arabian foal mold, his thin legs make him a bit more fragile than mother.", 5.0
"All in all, these two would make a wonderful addition to any little equestrian's collection", 5.0
"and still loves it 7 months later!  He even takes it camping and plays for hours outside with it.  We are getting him more - his Dad likes to get in on it, too", 5.0
"Our entire family loved the hand held game, as a matter of fact we ended up buying 5 of them total eveyone wanted one. I would highly recommend this item to everyon", 4.0
"This is the best value I've seen for a dinosaur set. My sons love it, and several of my friends have gotten it for their own children after they've seen the kids playing with ours. The volcanoes, rocks and mat are a real plus, and the dinosaurs are big enough to be fun for the kids. They play with this set A LOT", 5.0
"My son has been using this table for the last 3 months and absolutely loves it.  He also has the LeapFrog table, but gets bored with just one.  This table is on the opposite side of our (toy-filled) living room, and he will go over to this for a change of pace.  He loves Elmo and likes to hang on to his head and also mouth it.  He likes to use the phone, which he also mouths - just assume he puts his mouth on everything :) - and also the little bowl under Cookie Monster.  So why four stars and not five?  I do wish the base had a bit more weight to it, but he can easily pull up on it without getting the whole toy over although we've had a couple of near tips.  Also, the toy is a little less educational than I feel it could be since he is always accidentally setting off buttons with his arm...so he could be pressing the triangle with his finger, but his arm could press the Pig...and off Elmo goes oinking and singing about pigs.  Still a great toy, with lots of entertainment value, and as he matures we have less accidental set-offs.  I bought it on sale and it was worth the money", 4.0
"My son got this toy for his first birthday. He's now 18 months and still loves it! When he first got it, he immediately began to dance to the music. You can press certain body parts on Ernie and then he sings about them (i.e. eyes, mouth, ears).My son can now identify his ears, mouth and eyes on himself. Great toy", 5.0
"If you don't have this i feel bad 4", 5.0
"At first it was confusing but after you get it, it is sooo much fun. And it's great for keeping your brothers out of the room", 5.0
"This is fun. Not easy for 5 and under, but great for the rest of us. (7 - 65). Gave us alot of laughs", 5.0
"BOUGHT THIS ITEM FOR MT SON, AND HE JUST LOVES IT.", 5.0
"HE PLAYS WITH IT ALL THE TIME, FROM THE TIME HE GETS HOME", 5.0
"FROM SCHOOL UNTIL DINNER TIME, AND FROM AFTER DINNER UNTIL BED TIME", 5.0
"i love the loop to hang elmo up to dry, and my now 14 month old enjoys drawing with the soap crayons, and chewing on them unfortunately.  not her favorite toy but enjoyed", 5.0
"My son is a college student in Boston and excitedly brought this board game home on one of his breaks. "You've GOT to play this game!" he said. It had been years since anyone could even so much as coax me over to a table where a board game was being played. But I wanted to spend time with my son so I consented to learn it. Turns out, it was amazing! My husband, 13-year-old son, the bringer-of-this-new-addiction and myself must have played it 20 times in the 3 weeks he was home. The "board" is different every time you play it so nothing is predictable, rolls of the die dictate one's success, trading and strategies can get intense and the more you play it, the more you definitely like it. Alas! I've "settled" into Catan mode and no longer need to beg him to bring it home from school.  I bought my own house copy plus the expansion so we can get visitors hooked on it, too. We play it all the time. Cross my heart, this is fun. As my son said, "You've GOT to play this game!"", 5.0
"This is a great puzzle!  My son is 2 1/2 and wants to put it together almost every day!  It is amazing to watch him, because every time we sit down on the kitchen floor to do this together he can do it more and more on his own!  And when we are done he is so proud of himself, I love it!  I am online right now looking for more just like it", 5.0
"My 3 year old daughter got this puzzle for Christmas and she simply adores it. This is her fourth Melissa & Doug puzzle and I have to say she loves them all. As soon as she is done with one she puts it away and runs for another one. Keep making wonderful puzzles Melissa & Doug!", 5.0
"I read some of the reviews posted on this site before I bought this Doll, I saw it on Ebay but was afaird because of some the comments that was posted about the doll and thought I should buy it directly in case I needed to  return it, But I had no problems at all other then the UBC cord the direction said to turn the cord one way when actually it is the other way, other then that I had no problem downloading anything and I can't wait to give this to my daughter for Easter", 4.0
"My almost 5 year old daughter loves this toy.  It is easy for her to control.  My 8 year old thinks it is boring.", 5.0
"I don't think it has any educational value.", 5.0
"The controller has a long pointed antenna with a plastic rounded end, so the kids have to be careful not to poke each other with it.", 4.0
"I am very pleased with this play food.  It is very realistic looking and a great size - not too big and not too small like some of the cheaper sets.  Definitely recommended and well worth the money", 5.0
"I bought these for my nephew as a birthday present and he absolutely loved it. He has a number of other sets bu was very excited with the content in this one. They were exactly what he wanted", 5.0
" Well the space is limated but I learned how to deal with it. The set comes with four parts rainforestchamber, bug chamber, aquarium , and ant colony. The aquarium comes with triop eggs or you can put a goldfish in. then we have ant colony which the air holes are a bit to big. Finally we have rain and bug chamber which to me are the best of all the four. the rain forest chamber can hold a small lizard or frog but since I bought this during winter I will have to wait till spring to catch a lizard. And we all know what you put in a bug chamber. Over all I rate this four stars due to small space. P.s there a bug catcher in it as well", 4.0
"This is a great house,got it at toysrus,has six ring tones at doorbell,dog,knock knock,jibberish,fog horn,etc.,it's so easy to assemble.all you need is a helper(to enjoy assembly)and a power or ratchet screwdriver(you need both)the stove is a little tricky to start but once you start the hole you can use a power drill!your child will love it.Swinging door/window,spongebob chair fits inside(you can probably get a big screen TV in there!)Great for the price $129.0", 5.0
"I purchased this house for my in home day care. So we have lots of toddlers playing with it! They love it! The only complaint I have is that the door falls off easily if the child pushes it instead of pulls it. But the kids all fit in there and even bring chairs. Even the one year old loves it! He likes to play peek a boo with the shutters. Lots of fun and well worth the money", 4.0
"This playset is great - my son loves it.  You do have to be careful with the open sides - it is very easy to fall off.  My only complaint was puting it together.  The instructions are horrible and have no words - only pictures.  The parts are hard to tell apart (the color-coded bolt caps all look the same in the instructions) and the pieces are hard to handle.  Give yourself extra time to work through the instructions and get a couple of friends to help.  Also, a power screwdriver should be a required tool to get the screws into the plastic", 5.0
"This is a single player game.  Set up the cars according to the diagram and try to get the ice cream truck out of traffic.  The puzzles start easy and progress slowly so that kids learn the maneuvering tricks without getting frustrated.  By the end, the puzzles are a challenging even for adults who have not played before.  Both kids love it- ages 4 and 9.  We helped the four-year-old learn the tricks by just asking "Whoes in that cars way?" Then "whoes in the trucks way?" until she reached the car that could be moved and work her way backwards", 5.0
"I bought this game based on the reviews on Amazon and I am not disappointed.  Even my three year old enjoys this game and is capable of understanding the concept.  The beginner puzzles are right up his alley and the expert puzzles are challenging enough for me.", 4.0
"When I got this house I was very impressed.Easy to put together.Bigger than I thought it would be and it is very realistic looking.My daughter enjoys this doll house", 5.0
"I've bought this toy for my daugther ( she's 6 ) and she loves it, it's a good toy to use alone, to share with friends or even with her parents ( myself ). It's a good option to the computer, she also carries this toy with her stuff when she goes outside", 5.0
"Not only is the 90's Game fun and enjoyable to play, but the questions and answers bring back lasting memories of movies, sports, TV shows and meaningful events from the decade.  Correctly answering questions by relating them to personal memories and experiences allows all players to relive their experiences from the 90's.  Whether you were a student, young adult or parent during the 90's, this game is sure to invoke sentimental feelings.  I highly recommend it for groups of friends and families", 5.0
"I thought this product was very unique. It's not as advanced as Ipods which, is great for younger kids. Although, the only thing I didn't like was that it was a bit too small", 4.0
"My 15 month old has been playing with this for a few months and really likes it.  He plays with it just about everyday.  Everytime we have kids come over to visit it seems to be a big hit too.  They all love trying to make baskets.", 5.0
"The flaws are that it is loud and I wish the baseball and football did more or made noise.  They don't get played with as much as the basketball part since it sings and makes crowd noises.", 5.0
"Overall it's great as long as it keeps the kids entertained!", 5.0
"My son loves this toy.  It is the perfect height for my 14 month old (he got it when he was 12 months, and it was great then, too).  He can play with it sitting or standing.  He loves to make baskets, and I can teach him numbers as the scoreboard keeps his score.  He loves to spin the football, and he is starting to gain enough coordination to hit the ball with the bat.  He uses the bat it came with to hit other balls around the house.  This toy is a family favorite", 5.0
"Amazon[.com] recommended this game for me, based on the fact that I love the game Set.  Unfortunately Xactika bears a strong resemblance to "10 to 1," a game played with a normal deck of cards.  If you already know how to play "10 to 1," Xactika may seem derivative.  After trying Xactika once or twice, we threw it in the drawer and just played "10 to 1" instead", 4.0
"Bought this for my boy who just turned 11. Let's just say that he totally loved it and it was the first present he played with. Two blinking lights on weapon. One light on helmet which makes the eyes glow. A little pricier than other Bionicles but worth it. Not too hard to put together, just make sure you put all of the tiny pieces in a bowl or some such thing so you don't lose them while assembling the guy. The folks at LEGO are geniuses, sure it's a franchise, but they're doing a great job keeping it interesting", 5.0
"I can't put it any better than the others before me have.  I did a lot of research before purchasing this train and am so glad I decided to spend a little bit more money for a TON more quality.  This is truly an heirloom train set that will be around longer than I will be (and I'm only 35).", 5.0
"The other reviewers are also correct in advising that you shop around before purchasing this train set.  The prices vary wildly.", 5.0
"Yes, it hurts a little to spend this kind of money on a train set when you know there are others out there.  However, the others are cheaper for a reason... they're junk.  You simply can't do better than this set", 4.0
"I bought this game for my mom for christmas and we played it...right now it is in my game closet because I introduced this game to my poker friends and now we have "PIT" night instead of poker night. We can not stop laughing when we play this game. We bring this to all get-togethers and everyone loves it.I had to buy my mom a new PIT game because I take it all the time. This game is soooo much fun, the more people you play with the more fun it is!!! GET THIS GAME!!", 5.0
"Very complete with a lot of things to play for hours. My daughter still plays with it, and she is now four years old. Definitely it was worth it. Highly recommended", 4.0
"My 2 year old and 4 year old love this playdoh set.  I recommend it highly", 5.0
"This is such a great toy for kids and parents. We play play doh for hours. The barrel is a great toy. All the item inside are really well made and they have a lot of cute shapes. This really is somethig fun for kids and parents to enjoy together.", 5.0
"My girls love the sandbox!  The only thing my husband and I don't like is that you cannot move it once the sand is in it.  We thought we'd be able to, but the walls are just flimsy enough that you can't.  Otherwise, a great purchase", 5.0
"I bought this sand box for my son's 1st birthday. He has had the sand box for a month and loves it. It looks really nice in our yard and the top has kept out rain and bugs. I was going to go with a cheaper sand box, but now i'm glad i spent the money. This is a very good product!", 5.0
"This game is so much fun!!! I do think that maybe it could use a few more games or maybe make different difficulty levels. In other words... If you are a huge Star Wars fan like me, then you will love this game!!! It will keep you occupied for at least an hour a day if you are determined to beat a certain level. Another thing I think it could use is maybe a game-save function or something... Anyway, GREAT GAMING EXPERIENCE!!! One and a half thumbs up!!!", 5.0
"This is an excellent gaming system containing five acrade classics, Ms. Pac Man, which plays as close to the arcade as you can get, Pole Position, which the Joystick turns as a stearing wheel, again close to acrade action, Mappy, where you are a mouse trying to get a cat on the loose in a museum (much like original mario brothers), Galaga-an updated space invaders type game with more difficult ships to hit, and finally Xevious, where you are commander of a ship blowing up attaching enemies over land and see (plays like Tiger Heli for nintendo, or other games like this).  I use this on my old call room tv with mono av jacks available, works great, passes the time with family friendly games. These games are much better than some of the new expensive games.  check this out, you will be pleasently surprised, and for around 6-12 dollars, good deal. Runs on 4 AA batteries, then plug and play", 5.0
"My son got this for christma when he was 10 months old. From day one he loves to push it around the house. He's 13 months old now and he can  get on to ride it. His friends love it also.", 5.0
"Someone gave these to us when my son was 9 months old. He loved holding them and it has been fun watching him learn to "color" and develop his hand-eye coordination. He is now 22 months old and we've just used them up and I had to buy the Crayola tub crayons because I couldn't find these at Toys R Us. The Crayola crayons are thinner (which doesn't hold up as well to toddler abuse) and have more colors, but I like these better because they come with the ducky sponge to wash the crayon off the walls (my son loves that part, too). These crayons are a surefire way to get my son into the bathtub", 5.0
"The nephews loved it.  We sent it to them along with other gifts for Christmas.  Turns out the twin 8 year olds found this to be their favorite gift.  The light up part was pretty cool but they did have some trouble bouncing the ball.  When the lights went out the fun really happened.  Everything went well even when it turned into tackle-basketball.  Not their mom's favorite sport but no harm... no foul.", 5.0
"This hoop is tight, but wene you shoot it makes a ton of noise. If your planing on buying this be aware of a lot noise. Also the hoop, and the net sometimes come off", 4.0
"This Eeyore is so much fun.  I gave it a 4 because the little butterfly is too easy to lose, but if Mom and Dad are diligent to keep the part with the toy and teach Baby to keep them together, I think there is also something to be learned with this, plus the fact that he is so DARN cute and the little voice is sweet and soothing. "GOOD NIGHT BABY."  Just precious.  Baby quickly learns that Eeyore only works with the butterfly rattle.  I thought the ears would be easy to break, but they have taken a lickin' from my grandson and still work.    Nana Ka", 5.0
"My 2 year old daughter (and our 4 & 6 year old neighbors) LOVE this toy!  I had it up during my daughter's second birthday party and all the kids loved it!  It holds up very well and I have only had to refill it once (and that was only because one of the kids managed to pull out the plug).  Some of the balls are not 100% inflated but they still roll just fine and my daughter has the best time with this.  It is up in the living room and not outside so that keeps it from getting any other holes.  I would recommend this for any kids around 4 or under.  The one thing to keep in mind; the kids may be afraid of it at first; my daughter was terrified of it the first day but by the second she loved it and now she spends a lot of time in there", 4.0
"Sooo cute.  Santa gave my 7 y.o. daughter the dog and cat versions of this game.  She and I have already spent several hours playing with her "pets".  Unlike the earlier pets, there is more to do than just care for your pet.  There are games, activities and interactions with pet friends.  There is a whole village of homes and places to visit.", 5.0
"You collect stickers throughout your adventures.  For instance there are 29 stickers available for making friends.  It is represented by a heart sticker.  Everytime you collect a sticker, you are taken to your sticker book and it indicates how many stickers are available and how many you have obtained.", 4.0
"There are three exterior buttons for use to play with, groom and feed your pet.  When your pet ignores you, it means it is time for grooming, playing or eating.", 5.0
"Sometimes your pet will suddenly disappear and then reappear at their potty mat having left a little undesirable.  My daughter thinks that is hilarious.  Kids!", 5.0
"The only drawback is that the screen does not light up for play while travelling after dark.  Maybe they'll improve upon that in the next versions", 4.0
"The game pieces are very good quality. I found the cards to be challenging. The game was well worth the money.", 4.0
"My 2yr old got this one and another Imaginext Dinosaur for Christmas and this one is by far his favorite. He loves attaching the cart to the Mammoth and moving them around.", 4.0
"The reason why I give 4 stars instead of 5 is because the button to push down on to make the noise is not real easy. When you think it's pushed down all the way, you have to push a little harder to get it to make noise. Also, like the last reviewer I think the wooly hair is going to attract dirt and not stay very clean. But overall the toy is fun and very durable", 5.0
"These coins are nice and heavy... they have a good feeling when you hold them or keep them in the pouch.  My son uses them like Jack Sparrow does in the movie so he doesn't die in our play battles.  However, they seemed rather expensive after buying them and having them shipped.  It would be cheaper to use silver dollars or other real US currency that is large and heavy", 4.0
"My 6 & 8 year olds sons received this toy for Christmas. They are HUGE Pokemon fans so just the fact that it has Pokemon pictures on it made the toy worth it. Fortunately, it also happens to be fun to play. 2 to 4 players try to allow the fewest balls possible past their own paddles. The fewest points wins. Each player has their own scorekeeper for up to 5 games. Setting up the game after every round gets a little tedious, however it's not so bad if everyone helps. The 2 best things for me are that I don't mind playing (unlike the actual Pokemon cards which are a boring nightmare for me!) and it doesn't require batteries!! My 3 year old daughter likes to play too although she loses every time. We just don't tell her.", 4.0
"If your kids like Pokemon, this is a good toy", 4.0
"My 4 year old son loves all things Rescue Hero!  His grandparents got the MACC for him almost a year ago now.  I run an in home day care,so I watch not only my son but 2 other 5 year old boys and my youngest son, 13 mo and a 10 mo old boy!  They all love it!  This thing has stood up to all of their adventures! One of the kids I watch was thrilled when he got the same MACC for his birthday from his parents!  He had just went on and on about it, and they couldn't resist.  It is very large, but we already had the firetruck, police car, helecoptor and about 30 rescue heroes, so,in the words of my son, we just HAD to get this too!  I highly recommend this toy for all ages!  Great imaginary play", 5.0
"This toy was an instant success with my son, who is six. He figured out how to put together the track in minutes. Unlike other construction toys, Skyrail is not limited to one or two designs. My son can create endless configurations, including loop-the-loops that really work. This toy is also easy to disassemble. The track and connectors seem a little flimsy, but so far -- after many, many uses -- none of the pieces has broken", 5.0
"When I was a little girl I stood along beside the table and watched the adults play. This was how I learned how to play the game. I have now been playing rook for about eight years and loved the style of cards shown above (90's style). Unfortunately, they have changed the style of the cards on us and I would like to purchase the 90's style. If any come availible to purchase please be sure to email me and inform me of this so that I can buy some. I really dislike the new style of cards and all of my friends and family agree with me", 5.0
"Just as promised.  Our son loves the Wiggles plate, bowl and cup!  Perfect", 4.0
"As usual, this is another quality product from Power Wheels. The fit and finish is perfect and the overall quality is excellent. The only upgrade I can advise is to buy the Power Wheels 12V quick charger for the battery", 5.0
"We bought our youngest son the pirate ship seven years ago when he was four. He is now eleven, and is asking for this new updated ship. He has played with the old one for years, outside in the pool, inside, along with the big king castle, and countless other sets that we have. Yes, Playmobil. is delicate, and young children can be taught how to play with it, there are alot of small pieces, but like Lego, it will and does encourage a child's imagination, rather than stifle it.  We have Castles, western forts, city sets, boats, all of it! It does take time to put together, but some of the best memories are of me and my boys putting together some of these intricate playmobil sets the day after Christmas! When you buy toys for your kids, don't look at a toy and say "what does it do", rather look at a toy and ask "what can my child do with this toy"? Playmobil has been one of the toys that my three boys have stayed with along with legos well past Christmas, much more, than anything else. I am keeping all of our collections for our grandchildren.", 5.0
"I purchased this pirate ship for my son's fourth birthday. This is by far the most popular toy in our house! My 8 year old son and 6 year old daughter also love this toy. There are so many items that come with the ship - from canon balls, swords, treasure chest full of goodies, food, animals and even jewelery for the pirates - they are never bored. My four year old plays on his own, or with his friends, and when all three are home they all play together. Definitely worth the investment for the amount of joy this toy has brought to our home!", 5.0
"My 6-year-old got this for Christmas and he and his 4-year-old brother love it!  They enjoy doing the battles and coming up with different monster combinations.  It teaches strategy since they have to figure out which combinations work best.  My kids also like to just play with the figures by themselves like action figures.  A piece of advice though:  This game only comes with 2 figures so you really must buy additional figures or it won't be much fun since the point is to create varying combinations.  Therein lies the problem - or at least MY problem!  I can't find the extra figures for this thing!  Luckily, they were available around Christmas so I got some then, but now I can't find them in stock anywhere.  Also, I have not had any durability problems although I had some sound quality problems on the 2nd day.  Fortunately, it turned out that all I needed was new batteries. You really need alkalines for this game.  Overall, it's what my boys think though and they ADORE this!!!", 4.0
"Not only will this be a fun gift for our 5 year old grandson, it will be a fun gift for our 65 year old brother-in-law!  Quite realistic looking!    It works great on smooth surfaces, but doesn't do well on carpet. Our dogs got a big kick out of it", 4.0
"There are always problems with an any type of bed, even an inflatable one. I am actually 21, but I don't have a credit card so I had to use the kid review instead.", 5.0
"This bed is great. Of course there are problems, but they don't outweigh the good that the bed has. It is great to sleep on, you can carry it on trips, you can have it on another bed that is in one place, or on the floor. I do admit, it is somewhat hard to set up, but it is worth the effort, for the sleep is unparralleled. I sleep on it every night and I have had no problems with it at all. I recomend this bed to be for ages 5 to adult because of the gap it has between the side and the mattress. What is the most important thing of all is this: Is the person you bought it for happy with it", 5.0
"we love the accessories this item comes with but the doll itself is... we have mixed feelings about her.  my daughter, 4, loves her hair because it's so different from all her other barbies, but she hates her feet.  her feet are way too big, even bigger than ken's (my daughter tried making her wear ken's shoes but it didn't work).  another thing we love and hate about her is that her hands can move like pregnant midge (good), and she has a bigger body than most barbie dolls (bad because she can't use the other doll's clothes)", 5.0
"I originally bought this monkey on vacation.  I showed it to my son and he grabbed it and hugged it.  How could I not buy it for him doing that?  It was so soft and cuddly and the feet are like beany babies.  I eventually ordered a 2nd one from Amazon for my parents house.  So now I don't have to drag it from house to house.  As he gets older, he is liking it more and more", 4.0
"My 5 year old daughter got this monkey when she was little and has slept with it every night since.  My 1 year old daughter loved her big sister's monkey so we had to get her one of her own.  She loves it and sleeps with her monkey every night now", 4.0
"I got this for my 15 month son. HE REALLY LOVES IT! He doesn't use it as a ride-on yet (more fun will await!), but he pushes the car from the back handle everywhere inside & out. there are alot of buttons which make sounds and some have the car talk back. The "oil change" sounds are his fav. HE also enjoys the toy phone(when you put it in the slot it rings and the car answers!) There is also a small storage section under the seat.. The only thing I wish it did have was a horn sound instead of one of the many car's sayings. For the price it is a great interactive toy!! And for a boy who usually is not big on his toys for very long, this still captures his attention months afterward!.oh, and this toy can take a beating! No complaints whatsoever! A great find", 4.0
"I run an afterschool program.  This game is a big hit with the 3rd through 5th graders.  They play it so much I bought an extra game in the tin.  They can't get enough of it", 5.0
"This is a quality product.  Good detail. Holds air well, ready to blow up and hang from attached loop. An excellent buy", 5.0
"I bought this for my children's room which has an outer space theme.  The planets are nicely done and look great.  No, they don't glow in the dark all night long... but who wants their kids room lit up all night anyways?!?!  They certainly glow long enough for both of my boys to fall asleep!  We have a round ceiling light which I put triangular "rays" around which is now our SUN.", 5.0
"I'm giving this 4 stars ONLY because I agree about the sticker stars... yeah... they kinda stink.  BUT, the plastic glow-in-the-dark stars are easy to find (I've even seen them in pharmacy's) and inexpensive.  We put up 2 packages of the plastic ones and added the sticker stars from the package.  It gives the effect of stars which are closer and farther away!!", 4.0
"The 3-D Solar System is great.  I rated it 5 stars because I knew there was no sun, so this product was exactly what I expected.  Easy to hang up, glows well, my 6 year old son is very happy with it!  A sun would be nice, but still well worth the money", 5.0
"This is the ultimate in home laser tag fun.  It has great range and accuracy for hours of exciting but harmless fun.  Get your kids away from the TV games and into the real (figuratively speaking) thing.", 4.0
"If you have, two kids make sure you but at least 4 guns.  Once you receive them, you'll experience the need for the two extra guns.  Everyone who sees them will want to play.", 4.0
"Great toy, thanks Amazon.", 5.0
"I just got the Laser Tag Master Blaster a few days ago and I love it.", 1.0
"I've had my eye on it ever since I got the Deluxe for my B-day back in September. I was looking on Amazon so frequently for the price to drop that I got tired of watching so I stopped for a few months.", 1.0
"Then spring came and I got into playing laser tag again with my little brother. I was suddenly filled with an urge to buy the LTMB. I looked back on Amazon and...BOOM! 60 percent off! 20 BUCKS!", 5.0
"I told my mom and dad about it and they said that I could get one. So the next day we began the ordering process on Amazon, through Toys R Us. We checked the shipping charges and...BAM! 15 greens!", 5.0
"So we just figured on our next trip into town we could just go to Toys R Us and see if it would be the same price. It was (minus the 15 bones for s&h). So we picked up a few and went home.", 5.0
"After reading the instructions a million times and doing a few tests I finally figured out how they work. I also found out that they are very much like the Deluxe, except for the shoulder stock, the sights, the fully automatic feature, the 3 shot burst, the shot range, the text messages, and who could ever forget the rocket.", 5.0
"Let me explain the Laser Tag Master Blaster to you: This large tagger is much better for a very large playing field. The Deluxe and the IRT-2X models are better for smaller areas.", 5.0
"The LTMB's laser has a shot range of up to one thousand feet. The laser has three different shot types: the single (fire one shot), the 3-burst (fire a burst of 3 shots, no overheatage), and the fully automatic (fire non-stop).", 5.0
"You can also send text messages (up to 10 characters long) to your teammates and opponents. Retreat...Behind You...Gotcha...Ouch!", 1.0
"The rocket is awesome. Just load, pump, and launch, simple as that. With just twenty pumps the rocket can sail over forty feet, blasting everyone in a 15 to 20 foot radius.", 5.0
"There is a lot more to the LTMB but it would take to long to type, so you'll just have to figure it out for yourself.", 5.0
"This product was highly recommended by a school teacher in the UK as a great teaching tool.  It was well received as a gift by the children and their parents. An excellent math teaching tool that the children love.  It is portable, user friendly and has something for those on many different levels, so much so that one father, an engineer, loves to play the game by himself when travelling and is equally enjoyable to his 7 year old son, as well as a game that they can play together.  Math Whiz is a tool that creates a friendly math experience which can be used for many years as the upgrading levels will remain a challenge", 4.0
"I bought this for my nephew's first birthday and my sister told me that he loves it.  When he gets up from a sleep it is the first thing he wants to play with and with him being at the stage where he is trying to stand up; it is a great motivator to encourage him to stand.  Your kids will love this toy and the sounds and lights will keep your child amused for hours", 4.0
"...and they are working out great with our Thomas Layouts.  Melissa & Doug products continue to impress me with their high quality and typically provide great educational value.  These are educational and your children will learn things like Police Station, Fire Station, Hospital, School, Town Hall, Grocery Store, and Post Office.  There are several different shapes too, including squares, rectangles, triangle, and the various signs.  The buildings and most of the roof pieces only have the building design on one side.  The trees, ambulance, fire truck, and mail truck are large and double sided.  The various street signs, and passenger cars are a little small, and as the box states ages 3+ and up, I would consider these smaller pieces a choking hazard.  The larger pieces are enjoyed by both my 1 yr old and my 3 yr old.  The rectangles are the largest piece in the set and measure 4 3/4 by 2 1/4" approx.  Squares are roughly 2 1/4 x 2 1/4".  These blocks are not as heavy as I expected, but still nicely made, and bright colorful additions to playsets like Thomas/Brio train sets.  If your children don't insist on the real thing, this is a great way to save some money and still buy a quality product.", 2.0
"The only drawback is the wooden storage box doesn't come with a sliding plexi cover like the Melissa & Doug pizza set or beading set does.  That would be really nice for storage and secure those little pieces that we don't use", 1.0
"This game is very easy to learn.  Each of the 16 playing pieces has 4 attributes, height (tall & short), color (white and brown), shape (circle & square), and hollow/solid.", 4.0
"The goal is to get 4 of the same attributes in a row (for example, you could have 1 tall white circle, 1 short white circle, 1 tall brown circle, and 1 short brown circle in a row, and that would be a winning set because they are all circles, even though they vary with respect to the other attributes).", 5.0
"The catch is that your opponent picks the piece you have to place on the game board.", 5.0
"This game is similar to SET, in that you are trying to make winning patterns across several attributes.  It is different because you are also trying to block your opponent from making winning patterns.", 1.0
"I do wish this game were less expensive so that more people can enjoy it.  Not everyone can drop $30 for a game.  It is a beautifully made wooden game, but it would be just as much fun if it were made of something inexpensive and priced under $10.", 5.0
"Nevertheless it is a game worth owning. And, for trivia buffs, this game was futuristic enough to appear in an episode of Star Trek Voyager :)", 5.0
"This game is very exciting for my son, he is five, I am teaching him to read his blends and this is a great reinforcer. I enjoy watching him do the math (one with the coins) as well as watching him make words.", 4.0
"It is fun!  And most importantly educational. It has a game where you have to put the exact amount of money in the game slot.  My kids like that part. They are 6 and 7 and ask me all the time if they can play their spongebob game, we are a two leapster family but they have to share their cartridges.  Next year my youngest will want one too, I am sure, as she wants to play theirs,but she is just too little yet, another year she will be 4 so will check into getting her one of her own then..", 4.0
"I don't know why poor Scrat got so many bad reviews. My kids absolutely LOVE this toy. They laugh hysterically every time and they're 4 1/2 and 7. He does have a tendency to fall down and doesn't scoot very well. But the laugh factor alone makes this well worth the money.", 2.0
"Ok, this toy does not deserve 5 stars but the other reviews were far too harsh.  The first 30 minutes of my chihuahua terrified by this thing were worth the price.  As a stuffed animal it's very cute but not too cuddly because it's hard plastic under the fur.  I love scrat in the movie and the sounds this thing makes are quite funny at first but the do get boring soon unless you have a family pet to terrorize like I do.", 4.0
"Here's another trick.  Put Scrat on a pillow with your hadn behind him so you can make him move and wiggle his tail without being seen, then have someone bring in the family pet.  When I lunged at the dog's feet he screamed as being run through a meet grinder.  This may sound cruel but I assure you the dog was not hurt and now enjoys showing Scrat who's the boss whenever we turn him on", 4.0
"My nephew Cooper put on his superman suit right away.", 4.0
"He especially liked the suit is inflatible.  Good choice", 5.0
"and excellent price", 4.0
"Makuta is Sooooooo cool! I love his giant staff/pitchfork.I think he is one of the best Bionicles there is! Probably the only thing that stands in his way is the exo- body special Bionicle", 5.0
"My three girls ages 3 to 7 liked this toy when added to their pretend food collection. We didn't use it as a game. You can place the different frosting and sprinkle combination pieces onto the different colors of donuts to make different varieties. Each would take a turn 'ordering' types of donuts and the others would 'make' them. Yes, the frosting won't stay on if the donut turns over but fits in easily and works great on a plate for pretend play! Box is flimsy but we just keep all the pieces in our general play food bin so not an issue. Would buy this again. Great for kids with imaginations", 4.0
"Puchased for my grandoughter who is 5 years old. She liked very much playing the puzzle. Only thing we didnot like the quality of side parts gone bad very quickly.", 4.0
" I was very pleased with the light sabers, I gave them to my two grandsons for Christmas and they loved them, they were made very well, my grandsons are 7 and 5 years old and they played pretty rough with them, they had lots of fun with them", 5.0
"I have been in love with this game ever since I first played. It was a favorite at choir parties over the holidays in Chicago. Since I have moved, I keep one copy at my permanent address and another at my vacation home. It is great for all ages. We are very loose with the rules and find teams the most fun. It doesn't matter who wins. As long as we play, play, play...we laugh, laugh, laugh!", 5.0
"I was recently in the play Alladin, and whenever there was a break, the whole cast would gather to play "Encore."  We used songs from the musical we were in-and talk about a boatload of laughs! It's a blast!  Everyone loves it, because everyone gets involved, and has a great time.  This is a fabulous party game!  Buy it now", 5.0
"i wrote some reviews of lila doll saying she is my favorite but this one is extremly pretty. her face is so pretty and all her clothes and cute. i say diffrent, i say that lila is better than polly! lila also comes with a cute horse and carrige. wow how can you think spending 25 dollars on polly will be better when you can spent less than 10 dollars on lila and get a real cute and worth-the-money doll", 4.0
"Most Old Skool fans are angry he's not a VW Beetle anymore. I kinda never liked beetles anyway, so Im happy with the new unlicenced thing. It looks like a mix of a MINI and a Peugeot. He transforms better than most, the picture does'nt do him justice, it makes him look stiff. Actually, for how bulky he is, he's amazingly bendable, I particularly like that his "door/shields" are'nt attached to his arm, their on a cuffling that rotates so they wont be too awkward like many of the others with "door/shields". The Jetski Jetpack adds an unneeded extra flair to an already awesome robo mode. And as an extra retro touch It has a tempurture sensitive decal on his chest/top of the car that must be held for a minute before it will reveal the autobot logo [just like his original 80s version]. I DO wish he had come with some sort of weapon, but I have a few other transformers from this same generation that don't really need BOTH that THEY came with. What's even MORE awesome for me is that I bought this at the grocery store, as one of the very few toys they had in thier christmas section, for $10 if your looking for just any ONE good transformer, bumblebee is a good choice. If you have Optimus, this one looks great standing beside him. Transformer fans Don't Delay, pick this one up! I can't wait to see movie's camaro bumblebee in july", 4.0
"I was very pleased with this product, it covered the back seat and has a handy little pocket to put bottles,wipes,dipers in. I have brought another two for the other car", 4.0
"My daughter purchased this with Christmas money and it did not work at all. We reported this to Amazon and they took care of immediately. I was very impressed! Now we have a new toy that she loves that works great. It is fun to play with and a storage container when she's finished.", 4.0
"My 8yo dd received this for her bday. She loves it. It has lots of storage space insde for all her Polly Pocket goodies. It's also quite sturdy. One of the levels got bent the wrong way and I was able to put it back and it still works", 4.0
"A "Jewelry Box" for your little girls polly pocket accessories. My daughter received this as a gift for Christmas and loved it!  Would be perfect if it was just a little bigger but is definitely worth the money", 5.0
"It's amazing how much a child learns by having access.  We are an American family living in Germany and felt my 5 year old would have a greater understanding of where we live and where our extended family lives", 4.0
"Even though I'm convinced that all monitors work differently in different locations, this model has treated us well.  We got this monitor (with dual receivers) for my first daughter 3 1/2 years ago and it was always clear & crisp.  Reception was perfect in the basement, in the frontyard, in the backyard...even at the neighbor's house.  One of the receivers konked out after about 2 years but we survived with only one.  The second receiver finally stopped working last week & after doing waaaaayyyy too much internet research, I decided to go with the same, trusty, inexpensive monitor and it works great!  I've never slept with a monitor in our room (because our babies stay with us for a long time) so I don't know about nighttime quirks.  I keep the monitor in our kitchen area to listen for the little one waking up from naps....and to spy on the girls when they play upstairs without me. :)  Baby #3 is on the way & I'm sure this monitor will last another 3 years until we don't need it anymore.  So, $40 over the course of 3 children isn't bad!", 1.0
"My husband and I travel a lot and someone told us about this on one of our last cruises.. We actually watched 2 people playing it as well. So my husband actually remembered the name of this game and got this for me for a Christmas gift. Surprised me!!", 4.0
"We plan on taking it with us on all our trips. We will be able to use it", 4.0
"on cruises, on planes, wherever we may have to play the waiting game. We know its good for 2 people on up!!! It seemed like a fun game", 5.0
"I received this promptly and in time for vacation.  Was great for the kids in the car.  They loved the stencils that came with the board.  Many hours of fun.  They like that they can make skid marks with the Lightning McQueen car", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5-year old daughter. She really enjoyed using it and actually enjoyed the challenge of having to figure out the answers in the shortest time possible. The different levels of difficulty are useful so she can keep using it over the years", 2.0
"My son absolutely adores all his Thomas the Tank Engine stuff. What can I say? Edward the Blue Engine is a fine addition to any child's collection", 1.0
"I BOUGHT THIS DOLL FOR MY 5 YEAR OLD GRANDDAUGHTER. SHE LOVE'S THIS DOLL AND TAKE'S IT WITH HER EVERY WHERE SHE GOES.PEOPLE ALWAY'S MAKE A REMARK HOW MUCH FUN THE DOLL IS EVEN GROWN UP'S WANT TO PLAY WITH IT.JUST MAKE SURE THE CHILD YOU GIVE IT TO IS THERE WHEN YOU SET HER UP, BECAUSE THE CHILD WILL HAVE TO ANSWER THE QUESTION'S THAT ALLYSEN ASK'S.SETTING HER UP WAS VERY EASY.SHE TRUELY IS A INTERACTING PLAYMATE.I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS DOLL", 5.0
"Bought this one recently for my eight year old (and myself) to enjoy and it truly took only a few minutes to explain it to him and we were off and loving it.  More challenging than checkers and less complicated than chess makes it a very accessible game for an eight year old yet not too easy or complex such as can be the case for those two aforementioned games.  I highly recommend it as it can help your child in a number of ways in terms of concentrating and focusing, thinking spatially, understanding the consequences of a move or moves, and introducing the concept of strategy", 4.0
"My six month old grandson loves these toys!  They are perfect for the teether and he loves the colors and noise.  They hold his attention for much longer than some of his other toys.  They are easy for him to hold and shake.  I would buy them again in a minute.", 5.0
"My son and I thoroughly enjoyed assembling and learning about how robots work. This kit may be frustrating for one adult or child to assemble. The screws require more 'adult strength' (he would start them and I would finish) and some of the instructions might need at least 3 hands to hold and assemble. But hey, that is why it was so enjoyable - we did it together! It is fun now to watch him play with it and tell everyone 'my Dad and I built this'", 5.0
"Samantha is 13 months and walking. She enjoys pushing the baby around in the stroller.  She thinks she is a big girl.  She pushes her baby, her elmo, and any animal we ask her to take for a walk.", 5.0
"I love the upstairs.  It is so fun.  Because it has an upstairs, you can move up a level twice as fast.  It is more fun to play when you also have the Love 2 Shop Malls.  (quoted from my 10 year old daughter", 5.0
"Breyer makes such authentic lifelike replicas of the worlds most beautiful horses.  My daughter is in horse heaven.  The detail is so accurate that my daughter noticed even the footpad of the horses were unique to each one", 5.0
"This is a very handy product to have around for our 3-year old if the batteries happen to die while traveling.  The AC adapter is a life-saver for long car trips.", 5.0
"Just as an aside note, the adapter does NOT look like the one in the picture.  It is gray-and-orange, like the adapters you seen in the store", 5.0
"This is my daughters first "real" baby doll. She is almost 2, and I have never seen her love another toy like this one. She loves to give the baby kisses and feed her with the bottle it comes with, and I bought an extra outfit so she can change the baby for bed. This doll is really pretty compared to other baby dolls I have seen lately. The skin is a very soft, nice feeling plastic with a cloth torso, and smells like sweet baby powder! I was pleased when I was able to wipe off dirt that was on the dolls hand really easily. I love all the accessories that you can get for the Little Mommy dolls too. I highly recommend this one", 5.0
"We recieved this bed as a hand-me-down from a friend's child who used it until he was eight (would not give it up sooner). My son recieved the bed at two-years-old and is now four. This bed is durable! The bed we have is twelve years old and looks brand new. It is so easy to wipe clean. My son feels that his bed is special and just adores it. He sees "regular" beds other places and feels so proud that his bed is a blue race car. I have a feeling he'll want to stay in this bed until his feet are hanging off the end. Five stars", 4.0
"I brought this toy to aid my two-year old in learning how dress", 5.0
"I think I missed the boat on this one; I bought it for xmas for my 13 month old and the only real play it gets is when my daughter and her 3 year old brother take off the "play top" and sit inside it!  They think thats fun but thats about it", 4.0
"I purchased this as a Christmas Gift for my 1 year old nephew.  Very pleased with the online price through Toys-R-Us and Amazon.com, it was $50.00 less than in a retail store!  Very prompt shipping, had to be put together but not difficult with common household tools.  Very nice quality wagon, top of the line and well worth the money.  Rubber tires give a more comfortable ride for small children.  I also purchased the pad set.  Fits perfectly, looks great nad comfy ride, but be sure to purchase the pad set for the Model #29 All-Terrain Cargo Wagon (BP-29), as other pad sets will not fit!  Very nice onverall. Don't hesitate to buy!", 5.0
"you can purchase this item at most any Walmart or K-mart ETC...for $4.99 or cheaper..toywiz is ripping people off!!!", 4.0
"These books have all been wonderful tools that my son has not only enjoyed very much, but they've helped him make needed improvements with many academic skills. This on encourages reading and it's another great example of a fantastic and useful interactive product", 5.0
"I had to buy my 4 year old a new Leap Pad after his old one wore out.  He is currently obsessed with Spiderman so I grabbed this one.  I didn't realize it came with the Spiderman book I was going to buy him soon anyway (saved me $15)!   So far the new Leap Pad and Spiderman book have been a huge hit!", 4.0
"this elmo item is pretty cool. if ur child is an elmo fan then im sure you know how annoying these elmo doll/ toys can be.. oh jeez the voice is so loud and it echoes.!!! however this one is far less annoying than the rest because he hums when you plug his mouth -- im srry i meant ta say when you give him his pacifier (lol)-- you just hear an adorable hum sound. Overall this is a cool gift. Theres is an off button I only wish there was a lower volume button for early morning play", 5.0
"we have hardwood floors so i bought this together with Playzone.  i'm pleased with these mats --these made it safe for the frequent falls my baby went through when he was learning to crawl and pull himself up.   now i put these mats beside his bed, softening his occasional 'dreamy falling off' his bed", 5.0
"This wagon was easy to put together.  We use it frequently when picnicking outdoors and going to the park.  It is big enough for my 2 year old to lie down and take a nap.  It was also large enough to hold our lunch cooler and my daughter.  It is very easy to pull around and is very durable", 5.0
"We absolutely love this wagon! My 2yr old will ride as long as I want to walk, stop, detour, whatever...she's glued! It is huge & on the heavy side. But also huge(you can carry so much/many children)w/ great quality & durability. I can easily see us w/ this wagon for years to come & would suggest it to anyone comparing.", 5.0
"The game is fun to play even if you're not a NASCAR fan!  Love it", 5.0
"I purchased the Parents Magazine version first and my one year old son didn't play with it much but after watching him go crazy at a friends house with this Hasbro toy I purchased it and he has been playing with it ever since.  The buttons are placed in such a way that he can hold it with both hands and press buttons at the same time.  He also enjoys teething on the keys.  I highly recommend this product for mothers who want to hold on to their own keys", 5.0
"X4 Metal Detector Rover", 5.0
"National Geographic & Uncle Milton; 6 and up;", 5.0
"The yellow-and-black vehicle and its 5-foot remote cable crawls over sand, dirt or grass. Lights and sounds alert the user when treasures (coins, old spoons, jewelry, etc.) are found. It teaches kids about magnetic fields and also can be used as an ordinary play vehicle.", 4.0
"This McQueen is different than the regular McQueen - slightly darker maroon with a white swoosh on both sides - it is supposed to be the McQueen that appears after the Radiator Springs team fixes him up...my son was slightly disappointed though because the wheels were not white.  I found out there was yet another McQueen with the whitewall tires.  Go figure", 5.0
"I say that because the paint on these cars chips VERY easily.  The Hamm car was already chipped sealed in the package.  My son's Matchbox cars, which get tossed into their basket quite regularly, don't seem to chip near as easy as the Cars ones do.  Never-the-less, kids don't care.  Though, my son (who is only 3-1/2) is wondering why they didn't make a red Ramone or the announcer Cars (Bob and Darryl)??", 5.0
"Also, FOR COLLECTORS, the Sarge and Fillmore are shown on the back of the card as being sold as individual items, but on the back of the Hamm card, they are not shown.  I have as of yet see them sold individually on the Supercharged card", 5.0
"My 2 year old son loves this puzzle.  The large pieces are easy to handle, and the colorful pictures keep him entertained.  It keeps him engaged and he's very proud once he's completed it", 5.0
"I like the set up. It looks like a daycare really appears. It is great to spur on your childs creativity and role playing skills.", 5.0
"i love this thing i have a verzion 2 and there best freinds and you can go onto tama town and get passwords that unlock items we looked every where for one of these we went target no we went wal mart no until we went to my freinds house and he wanted trade tamas but first i keep it for a ltille while for other tamas get here but i think i will trade cuz THIS THING ROCKS", 4.0
"I enjoy playing with this toy and it trains me to be a good Mom.  Your tamagotchi's appearance depends on how you care for it.  Mine turned into Mametchi. Mametchi is a really good character to have.  I have enjoyed this toy so much.", 4.0
"YOU SHOULD DEFINATELY BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"The v4, the newest american tamagotchi, is much like its previous japanese counterparts, the entama and uratama. This tamagotchi goes to school, interviews for jobs, and then has a career. Each career has its own game, so there are many more games on this tama than the v3. There is also a mail icon that flashes when your tama gets mail. [...", 4.0
"I read the reviews before buying this product, and I do agree that it is messy with the markers, suitable for children that are a little older.  It is fun, and very cute, but a little messy to wash off.  I just buy a pack of baby wipes at the dollar store, and let the kids clean off the screen with them, and then throw them out.  It works wonderfully, and the problem is solved, since the included sponge is not very helpful.  I would purchase this again, especially for the price", 4.0
"Anything Leappad is great . Its one of the best things to come from the computer toy area for kids yet. My son is ahead of his class in reading with the help of Leappad. At 6 he reads at a midrange grade 1 student and is progressing quickly. I highly recommend This and any other Leap pad book and toy . Most schools have dropped Phonics from the classrooms and Leappad has brought it back in a fun form your little one will love..", 4.0
"We bought this and the Sing Along Favorites and my 5 year old loves them both.  She wouldn't have know many songs on the other ROM packs.  This is definitely a hit for the younger ones!", 5.0
"I purchased the Miss Weather Dress-Up Set for my cousin's two year old daughter. At her birthday party, all the other gifts were forgotten as she sat and played with the Colorforms. The adults were waiting in line to play with them also! This set has larger pieces which are perfect for younger children. This is the perfect gift...inexpensive, fun, promotes fine motor and speech/language skills, and has educational value", 1.0
"I would recommend this game to any and everyone completely.  I would have to say if there are choppy portions on your dvd player then it might be time to buy a newer dvd player.  Ours was flawless ran so smoothly and it's sooo much fun.  Most fun with multiple people but still fun with a few.", 1.0
"I would only hope that in the future they put a few more games and also maybe full motion video instead of pictures of products.", 2.0
"Never got tired of the game and like I said I recommend it to everyone.", 5.0
"Thanks,", 5.0
"B. Wolf", 4.0
"West Chester, P", 5.0
"The game itself is actully pretty good.  You can go through the entire Price is right game or you can just go to each section.  Like if you just wanted to do the pricing games, there's that option or you can do the showcase showdown etc...", 5.0
"There are times that the graphics of the game lag, which is kind of odd since to me since I wasn't playing it on a computer, but on my DVD player.", 5.0
"The pricing games are 'random' but you do tend to get some of the same games more than other games.", 4.0
"You can technically play this game by yourself, but it's obviously going to be more fun the more people you have", 5.0
"My daughter got this for her 6th birthday.  She absolutely loves it, as does her 3 year old sister.  One of them is using it all the time.  The 3 different tops on the wand are a little frustrating for my 3 year old, as she can't switch them out herself and comes running to have someone else switch the tops for her.  My 6 year old has caught onto all of the dance moves and is able to do them along with the DVD.  My 3 year old can't do them all, but she has a great time just doing what she can.  Both of my girls love Cinderella, so they put on their dress up Cinderella dresses whenever they do the DVD.  I wish there was a way to order just an extra mat, though, so they could do the DVD together instead of fighting over who gets to stand on the mat", 4.0
"This is a toy that my son always wants to play with and we've had this dinosaur for quite a while now.  Usually, we buy our son a toy that he pleads for (he likes it soooooo much) and it looks like fun but then it ends up in the back of his closet after a few days of playing with it.  This brontosaurus makes a booming sound with his feet when you pull a trigger underneath which both my sons love (4 & 2) and the included figures are great.  This toy stands up to the brutual tug of war that accompanies our two small boys and it is quite the bargain at the price.  I highly recommend all of the dinosaurs and cavemen in this series.  Not only does it keep my sons busy (oh yeah)  but it also helps built their imagination as I hear them tell each other all these stories about their dinosaurs.  Imaginext has even come out with "NEW" dinosaurs in this line which can be found at Target or other stores (I have found that TRU has a limited selection).", 2.0
"It was the most popular gift on his first birthday.  He loved pushing it, sitting on it and moving the small animal figures.  Lots of different kinds of fun for him", 5.0
"This is a nice toy for kids to ride on.  My daughter loves the little horn.  There are some little figurines that go inside the seat which activate the music.  That does not work well at all.  There are also little toy holders for the figuerines but those never get used either.  It's a cute riding toy but a lot of the features don't work well.  Worth the buy if a family is really into the John Deere theme", 4.0
"This is a great doll--we gave it to our 2-year-old daughter last week and she now carries her everywhere, feeds her, reads to her, puts her to bed, covers her with a blanket, and obsessively pats her on the back and tush.  She's quite cuddly and soft; you'll want to hold her yourself.  You might expect from the pictures that the arms and legs would be hard plastic like the head, but in fact they are very soft and pliable, and the trunk of the body is all cloth, like a pillow, with a bean-bag tushie.  The headband is removable but actually stays on there pretty well.  The eyes don't have those stupid eyelids you usually see on baby dolls, the ones that open and shut when you lift the doll, and that always seem to stop working properly after a couple of weeks.  We'll see how "Maria" holds up to the kind of punishment our daughter can mete out, but she seems pretty durable.  What a great purchase!", 4.0
"I agree that the Denver reviwer is totally out to lunch. This doll greatly resembles my daughter's friend Jenny Liu. Jeeny  was born in Taiwan. Chinese people don't look any one way and to expect them to is racist, like saying they all look alike.", 5.0
" The hair ornaments are plastic but they do look good . The dress looks redder when you display her out of the box.Fabric quality is better than average for Mattel. Her hair is also much nicer and has more style than Mattel had been giving us. I think this doll bodes well for  better things to come  in this doll series.", 4.0
"I've heard no complaints from either one, it's a hit", 5.0
"i purchased this for my son @ babies r us only because i had a gift card... but i dont regret it at all... this is one of kristobals' favorite toys from the peek a block collection! my oldest son enjoys it also! not bad for 20bu", 4.0
"The Big Bubbler is the greatest bubble wand----we have had consistently huge bubbles with the top-of-the-line/expensive bubble solution, as well as, the cheapest $1.99 jugs.  The only thing that didn't work at all for us was straight dish detergent (hey, we were desperate).  My youngest toddler will chase the bubbles endlessly, and even a neighbor's preteen son couldn't resist chasing the large bubbles across our yard.  I also like that I am playing WITH the kids when I make the bubbles for them vs. simply turning on a battery-operated machine and then standing back.", 5.0
"If I had to gripe, it would only be to say that I wish the top of the wand (the end that holds the bubble solution) could be stood on end.  It is hard for the little ones to keep the top from spilling while waving the wand; it is also tough for them to get the wand back into the top to get more bubble solution.", 4.0
"We also go through a LOT of solution---I plan to buy a few large jugs of it to have it on hand.  But, this seems like a minor inconvenience given how much fun we have all had watching the bubbles dance all over our yard", 5.0
"I am confused by the poor reviews of this product. My daughter received this toy from the Easter bunny this year and the whole family plus Grandparents/Aunts/Uncles etc. have had a ball with it. It creates huge bubbles round or long, that float in the air for quite a bit of time. I do agree that the solution runs out very quickly and it is too hard for a three year old to work...but for the price I have to say this toy is WELL WORTH IT! We also made our own solution (Granny's recipe) and it worked...very messy and sudsy though. I would recommend this product to anyone who loves bubbles", 5.0
"My 8 yr old grandson wanted this for Christmas but the price was over $100 so when I saw it for under $15 on Amazon, I got it for his birhtday in February.  He and his 9 yr old brother LOVE it!  I also purchased one booster pack at the same time.  Then I found another game and booster pack at Target for a very reasonable price. So he got the game system, two games and two booster pack of cards all for under $50.00!  Both he and I were happy!  (The only reason I give this a "4" is because the games are a bit hard to come by", 5.0
"I bought this game for my 7 year old last winter - because he loved the book so much.  He quickly mastered the game, which requires you to earn state cards by recognizing certain items about each state, such as the color of the card, whether the capital starts with a certain letter or if the state nickname has a person's name embedded in it.  All his friends liked the game when they came over, so I ended up buying and giving at least 6 more as birthday presents for his friends and for a niece and nephew.  But, more than that, this game has spawned a further interest in geography in my son.  He began playing with a wooden puzzle of the USA as a result of the information on the game cards. In doing so, he taught himself most of the capitals (which are also on the game cards) and the shapes of the various states.  He continues to want to learn more about US geography.  I highly recommend the book and game for ages 5 and up.", 2.0
"My granddaughter loves the buckets.  They are large and easy for little hands to pick up.  They make great hats and are great for putting things in as well as for the coordination of putting them on top of each other.  The colors are bright and the plastic is sturdy. A great gift for little ones and older ones as well.", 4.0
"We were very pleased with the service we received.  Our purchases were shipped in a timely fashion and came in good condition", 5.0
"This is a great,simple, fast game that is fun for all ages", 4.0
"I don't care if it stops working tomorrow... my daughter has gotten so much enjoyment out of this in just one day that it was totally worth the money.   (you can get them cheaper at Target though)  She was always stealing the portable phones around the house or walking off with my cell phone... and now she has "her" phone she is just delighted.... she loves when it rings and she opens it up and pretends to talk.... so far this phone works great, but like I said... it is such a cool toy I'd go out and buy a new one right away.", 5.0
"My infant just likes the crinkly fishy that comes with the buckets.  I'm sure she will grow into this toy.  I do wonder how I'm going to keep the felty material clean especially when she starts putting these things to her mouth.", 5.0
"Took my daughter roller skating and I like how they have 3 levels to choose from this really helped her", 5.0
"This toy is great for little boys or girls who love equipment. I got this item for my son 2 nd birthday gift and he just loves it. It is a tiny tractor and it is just like his grandpa's tractor so which makes him a very happy little boy. THIS IS A GREAT ITEM", 4.0
"While nothing beats wood blocks (in my opinon) we had these first, and they are fun! We like that they are flexible and easy for little hands to manipulate, and not painful if they fall on you!  The only downside is that they are large, and storing them in the bag is like putting together a puzzle-they JUST fit.  Storing them in a toy box fills the box with wasted space; so we stack them in 4 rows beside the toy box. It's worth the hassle if you have space for them and don't mind stacking them up and teaching your little one to", 4.0
"After assembling a Dora's Talking Cash Register that scans the wrong items, a Dora's talking backpack that is just plain dumb- this is the toy that scored this Christmas!  This toy is easy for my 3 year old to maneuver the pony in and out of the walker and actually works like you would expect.  Plus the pony is fun to play with out of the walker.  My daughter doesn't even question why it only talks in the walker. So what if it doesn't!  It will be fun to sleep with because it is soft and has pajamas on.  I would recommend this toy- very cute and fun!", 4.0
"We LoVe this game. We were first introduced to it at our children's preschool where it fast became a favorite at "free choice time". The children engaged in it delightfully and playfully. Everyone has fun. The game board is durable and can be constructed differently over and over again -- this works out so great because with all the repeated play ours gets the kids are not memorizing the spot the item was. I worried a little that it might be too competitive and those that were "better" at it might leave those not as quick at hunting feeling discouraged, BUT have not ever found that to be the case when we have the game out at home or at the school. The board is brightly colored the items are fascinatingly fun to search for. It is a challenge even for us BIG kids. I would recommend it highly for a fun family activity game", 5.0
"Transaction went well.  Grandkids are having a blast at using the product...innovatively with lots of fun and excitement", 4.0
"My son absolutely loves his "animals". He can sit and play with the book for awhile. He's 20 months old and knows where each picture belongs. It was a great gift and I recommend it! I do agree with the other reviews regarding the dinosaurs.", 5.0
"This is a good toy for a toddler, not a baby. I've used this toy in two different setting (first as a nanny and then as a mom) and both times, the babies were terrified of it. It's just too much stimulation for a 9 month old. The balls fly everywhere and you've got to run about after them to keep it going; unless of course, you've got a toddler, then they can run about after the balls (which seems to be half the fun for them). Good toy, but not until maybe 14 months.", 5.0
"My son cannot wait to get a bigger set.  Compared to other magnetic building sets Geomags is, by far, better quality although it is also more expensive", 5.0
"I purchased both of the Mega Bloks Pyrates Ships and have built two other Mega Bloks vessals before, namely the Man-o-War models from the Dragons line and they wer both more difficult to construct than this one so if you want a challege try finding them instead. The first thing I noticed when I opened it up was the lack of pieces in the set, almost the entire ship simply snaps together, a ten-year-old could do it. There isn't a lot of rigging like in the Playmobil series that will keep coming undone either. All in all it can be assembled in 30 min to an hour. The finished products are full of detail and Mega Bloks has gotten better at it each time, anyone who follows their Dragons line will know what I mean. I'll post a review of the Phantom next and I caint wait to get the Privateer ship Blue Beard's Avenger it looked massive at Toy Fair. With the Pirates of the Caribbean 2 and 3 films coming out this line is sure to be a hit", 5.0
"My 14 mo old son just got his go kart today.  He loves it.  He loves pushing the button and making it go.  He hasn't figured out the steering yet but we have a long straight entry way to our home so no need to steer yet.  My 4 yr old daughter also loves it and fits into it just fine (about 40 in tall and 35 lbs).  She received the razor go kart herself and loves it but that one is outside only.  They have had the best time today playing with the PW go kart.  I agree with other reviewers that holding down the button is hard for little ones but they figure out ways to get around it.  (The razor go-kart also has a thumb throttle control)  We got the Lil Quad 4 wheeler for my daughter when she was one and would still ride it if she didn't have the big 4-wheeler.  Now both kids can ride their 4-wheelers together or their go karts.  Thanks Santa for 2 great gifts", 5.0
"This is a great pack for a day trip to grandmas.  It only holds about 4 cassettes, so if you have a lot of books you should go with the zipper case.  Other than that, my daughter loves it", 4.0
"This is a great and unique product to encourage creativity as well as physical fitness.", 4.0
"I think that the soccer ball is great but not that educational only because all you do is paint", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old grandson, he is VERY active and I thought it would be a good way to burn up some of that extra energy!  Not only does he love it, but so does his 2 year old sister.  My daughter tells me that they both dance and dance, until they fall down laughing.  This was certainly a good buy", 4.0
"Being a preschool teacher I use these all of the time. I have found that taking the sheets out individually clipping them to the easels clip to be the best way to work with them. Even if you don't have an easel these are wonderful for children of all ages. Large, unlined sheets of paper encourage children to be creative and to express themselves in a completely original way. For infants, toddlers, and preschoolers I will often tape the sheets to the table and let them color/paint/glue to their hearts delight", 4.0
"yesterday we where buying the christmass presents, when i saw there was the big air towel at 40 bucks, so i said to my mother if i could buy so she said yes, when i got home i began building it, after 6 hours i finished it.", 4.0
"And when i tried everything was going all right, so it wasn't that difficult", 5.0
"Although my granddaughter is in love with the Webkinz, I was upset at the fact...after just receiving it, the glitter string around the Unicorn's neck came apart from the Unicorn.  Still my granddaughter loves it", 5.0
"Very cute and soft. Little girl loves it and goes on line to the web site to play with her virtual pet.  Lots of fun", 5.0
"Everyone in the Children's Room at the Avon Library loves the Gazillion Bubble Machine.  It is used frequently during story hours and captures all the chidren's attention.  It's not necessarily educational but is alot of fun", 5.0
"Comment given by my four year old son Bilal, "I like this game because the buzzing things are so close to each other. This is good because it's fun. Also it'a hard to get the things out and this makes it fun. I play this came with my dad. I got the game because it has shrek on it. I win this game sometimes. The cards have funny things on them and it makes me laugh.", 5.0
"I bought this for Christmas for my three children ages 4 (twins) and 18 mos. Although the younger child doesn't really get the games we play with it, the older ones do and we all have a great time. My goal was to get them to be active during the winter (less TV time), and this works for about 30 minutes. I only wish we had a bigger house so I could have gotten the bigger parachute. I can't wait to play with it outside when it gets warm", 5.0
"My family loves this game because there are several different games you can play with it and it goes along with the book, so the kids like to compare it.This product is very durable and will last", 5.0
"I love this  doll house and all its furniture. It was very average no fake looking dolls and I loved the office furniture for the doll house. We have had a lot of fun playing with it including me. It is good for my daughter and I to spend time playing together.", 5.0
"this was ordered for our 4 year old,she just loves it!", 5.0
"very realistic features,size of set,& quality is why fisher price is still the very best for imaginations of all ages!!", 5.0
" Its a really good present, for anniversaries, birthdays, etc. Also its fun to do with a team or a club", 5.0
"people say that the iquest stinks because it doesn't have all their text books. but i honestly think that even though it may be a little different, there's no harm in learning new things.", 5.0
"These are really cute and a great alternative to the standard "Numbers and Letters" version of these foam tub toys. My 2 and 3-year old sons enjoy playing with them. No complaints here", 5.0
"I bought this set for my 3.5 year old.  We have had a great time putting it together on several occasions in the last couple of weeks. Once put together, my son imagines adventures on it with the included soldiers.  I am not very mechanically inclined but the instructions are excellent, well-illustrated and clear, and I had no problem with them.  (My only quibble is that the orange sticks in the manual are a different shade of color from the ones in our set, and took a moment to identify.)  At first my son just wanted to put together the foam walls, but the second time around he wanted to help constructing the walls of the castle.  By imitating me, he was able to make duplicate versions of some simple structures rather well.  He also figured out how to make the soldiers all by himself, with their arms, legs, helmets, swords and shields.  Through doing the set I also was able to explain that you have to build the foundation first before you can put in the walls and floors, and the third time we made the castle, he was repeating this point to me!  The drawbridge is really fun and well-done.  It raises and lowers very smoothly.  This particular set is really only designed to make the castle, so it's not really meant for making many different things like the other Superstruct sets.  But this was our first one and I have no regrets.  Assembly time was about 30 minutes the first time, but after you do it once it seems closer to 15 minutes.  The pieces are high-quality, fit very well, and are generally a joy to handle and see.  The castle looks great once assembled, and will impress any adults or kids who see it", 5.0
"I bought this wireless weather station as a gift.  The recipient loves it.  For the price, he is really enjoying it.  The only things he would change are:", 5.0
"-interface to computer so that data could be tracked", 5.0
"-display of actual barometric pressure value", 4.0
"These two features are available on more expensive models so I imagine in the future we will be upgrading", 5.0
"My 3 year old just loves it.. This truck has been great and very durable.. I have a 9 year old boy and he and his friends have just as much fun as my little one.. We love the fact that we are the only one in the neighborhood that has the black escalade.. We have certainly got our moneys worth.", 4.0
"My 7-year-old daughter loves this tub of K'nex, and has now foresworn her LEGOs.  400 pieces does not go as far as you might expect, however; you may find yourself shopping for an expansion set soon.", 5.0
"LEGO:", 1.0
"  * you can build houses", 4.0
"  * simple stacking approach", 4.0
"  * upgrade to Technics for 3D building", 5.0
"  * those adorable little LEGO people", 4.0
"  * wider variety of pieces and sets", 4.0
"K'Nex:", 1.0
"  * 3-dimensional construction", 1.0
"  * more complicated trigonometric approach", 4.0
"  * you can build bridges", 1.0
"  * everything can rotate", 1.0
"And I saw a K'Nex set that lets you join LEGO and K'Nex ..", 1.0
"This toy is so cool! I use it all the time with my friend Erica.You could text message each other and it even takes pictures .My parents bought it for me at christmas . They were happy because they did not have to pay a phone bill or for minutes! This toy is so cool ! Now i do not have to beg my parents for a real cell phone!!! I highly recomend for any one who is reading this to get this toy!", 4.0
"Both my 3-year old daughter and my 5-year old son (to his father's chagrin) love playing with and endlessly dressing Dora. Her outfits are darling and my children enjoy mixing and matching (or not-so-matching in some cases) the clothes, too. We are looking forward to adding new outfits as well as the armoire and bed - Dora needs a place to sleep!", 5.0
"Dora is well made and sturdy, and her clothing has even been through the wash and no harm done.", 4.0
"And I have to admit ... I've been known to dress Dora a time or two myself. We have the same problem with the shoes not staying on well, but it doesn't seem to bother my little ones at all", 1.0
"This product was exactly what I was looking for. I recieved it in a timely manner and the merchant communicated kindly and proactively with me about the shipment. THANKS", 5.0
"Bought this for our girls, 2 and 4. Huge hit, even before the batteries were put in the blow dryer. This set is great for several reasons, and I'll try to list the top few. First, the dryer actually has a little fan in it that whirrs loudly enough to seem real, but not so loud as to disturb the cat when she is getting her fur done. (uncommon for a kid's toy) Also, the nail polish and eyeshadow are both made to open and "use", but no mess. And once you have removed the inner packing materials, the bag is large enough for headband and tiara storage. A must for today's Princess. The one thing I will caution you about is the curling iron. If your child has longer hair like my girls do, it can get tangled when hair is being "curled". Fortunately, the curler has no moving parts, so tangles are discovered long before any permanent damage is done. All in all, a pretty sturdy little set for $15. Great for practice make-overs and such, but probably not for experienced princesses, as there is no actual make-up involved, just imagination. Perfect for my house! No glittery door handles or perfumed pets!", 4.0
"Why do some people call Bratz dolls 'sluts/slutz'? Are you guys mad? They are just dolls. They are made of plastics. So what they wear SHORT mini skirt? They just DOLLS. If you hated mini skirt soooo much, well don't wear them.", 5.0
"I saw many teenage celebs wear mini skirts.", 4.0
"THEY ARE JUST DOLLS, okay? No need to argue if they wear short mini skirts.", 4.0
"Anyway, about this doll I am totally adore her. She is very pretty and very ROCKSTAR material (I don't know how 2 spell.I don't care about her having tatoos. Lot of celeb got tatoos and she's a rockstar material.", 5.0
"Great fun for the family or a group setting.  We've had hours of fun", 1.0
"A lot of fun! The kids really enjoy this updated version of their favorite game. Product was shipped promptly!", 1.0
"I purchased the game to play at a christmas party.  It was a lot of fun.", 2.0
"Thank yo", 2.0
"I bought these for my 5 year old son who is a huge Car's fan. He was using matchbox cars and pretending that they were Lightening McQueen and friends, but when he recieved the set of these he was so excited. These cars are larger than matchbox cars, and are heavy for their size, good quality!! Great for the Car's fan in your life", 5.0
"My girls, twin 4 year olds, received this when they were 3 and have played with them over and over again in a variety of ways. Great for pretend play as well educational- matching of shapes. Super durable and not easy to lose. I highly reccomend these cute cupcakes for your little cupcakes", 2.0
"My daughter really wanted this for Christmas.  She really has played and played with it ever since.  I wish that it came with some dry erase markers for the board in it but other than that we have been very pleased with the product", 5.0
"I got this for my 5 year old, who started kindergarten this fall, and she is in love with the whole school concept.  She loves to pretend to be the teacher with this playset.  Her friend came over one day and played with it, too, and they took turns being the student and teacher.   I ended up buying another set for her friend's birthday.", 5.0
"Fly Through Spanish is some of the best software for the Fly pen available.  You can write a word in English and hear the Spanish translation, or write a Spanish word and hear the English translation.  The translator will also spell out translations for you (my only complaint is that the translations are spelled a bit too quickly, especially if you're trying to write them down).  The cartridge even comes with some games to help you learn Spanish words.  Fly Through Spanish also comes with a booklet that has verb conjugation charts and ideas for games you can play.  I was very impressed with the verb charts.  They actually includes all the tenses and a chart of irregular verbs.  Fly Through Spanish is a great tool for learning and practicing Spanish words.  Please keep in mind that this software will not teach you Spanish but it is a wondeful and downright fun addition to a class or self-study program.", 4.0
"I hope that Leapfrog releases more languages, especially French", 5.0
"Any game that gets my husband dressed up in a tiara and earrings while playing a board game with his girls, is a GREAT game! It's simple to play for anyone over age 3 (unless the child is orally fixated- there are smaller pieces, so use YOUR better judgment!), is fast enough to hold a child's (and adult's!) interest, and let's everyone relax and not worry about rules- we really enjoy it and are wearing it out pretty quickly. It has been a great gift for other friends as well as it's not too well-known.", 5.0
"Santa Claus brought this game for my daughter for Christmas and she LOVES it! It doesn't take terribly long to play, so it's a great game to hold the attention of a nearly 5-year-old. We've even talked Dad and big brother into playing, and there's a (playful) fight over who has the crown. The perfect gift for little girls. Thank you, Santa", 5.0
"My daughter is almost 3 and she LOVES her trampoline. She is very curious about how Santa got it down the chimney, though! Not easy to put together, but could be if directions were clearer. Great product, great price", 4.0
"This is a well engineered product; I cannot call it a toy because it is much much more than that. After building just one of the sample setups I was able to put down the manual and start creatively designing and building my own. My daughter (3.5 years old) loves it. She really likes placing a marble on the run when I tell her its time to "test it", and I let her identify the error. The only marbles that have fallen off the track are due to construction errors by myself. After 1 day (and several of our own setups) we already find ourselves wanting more pieces. I suggest buying the largest set from the get go if you have an engineering type mind or just enjoy puzzles. Nice feature to note : the coloring of the blocks is logical; each color has its own unique function(s).", 4.0
"The quality and workmanship of this item was very good. I gave it to my grandson for X-mas. It was almost identical to the one his father had at his age. Thanks for a quality product", 4.0
"My toddler (22 months) LOVES this doll.  There's something about his wide open mouth and little round nose that enchants her.  She actually threw over Elmo for Ernie.  I never thought I'd see the day.  Ernie is carried all around with her, and the nose gets lots of kisses.  Great toy for girl or boy fan of Sesame Street", 4.0
"I played this when I was young so I thought my 2 1/2 year old would enjoy it too.  She got to pick which color she wanted to be, and we counted how many ants to get into the pants.  It took a little practice, but she got plenty of ants in and had soooo much fun.  We really had a great time", 5.0
"After I read the reviews on this toy, I wanted to cancel my order. Thankfully I didn't because my kids love it. I have two boys 5 & 9 and they love bowling with this toy. My kids have played with it since we got it in Feburary. In the reviews, people said the toy broke soon after playing with it. My kids play with it all the time and we have not had any problems. Everything still works great; the pins, the sound, and the ball return.", 5.0
"I am quite fond of this character.  Sure, he is a horribly evil dictator who wouldn't give a second thought to breaking you in half if you looked at him wrong, but you have to understand where he's coming from.  As the Hulk, Bruce Banner focused his rage against evil to help humanity.  Then there is a world-wide nuclear holocaust, the world is a wasteland, and, as the Hulk, Bruce sucks up a lot of the radiation.  Fusing his mind to the Hulk's, I think he has a right to be a little screwed up and angry.  This highly possible figure comes with a spiky crown thing and the appropriate comic book.  He may not make a great center piece, but the figure is good looking, none-the-less", 5.0
"This is the only figure in the Apocalypse series that dose not have a variant figure. Kinda makes you wish it were the Sentinel series, and if you can find them, most of them are variants that you might actually want. I was fortunate enough to hit Wal-Mart at a time when the shelves must have been just stocked, because the racks were full, and all five variants were right there in front. Needless to say I bought all 5. But Maestro, as far as I know has had one appearance in the entire Marvel Universe, so what variant is even possible.", 5.0
"Despite some protests that this is "another Hulk figure" this is not some namby pamby rehashed Hulk with screaming action, fist pounding, and slightly purplier pants that we've seen a dozen times before, but an almost entirely all new figure. One reviewer said the body was based on the Smart Hulk figure, but I wasn't lucky enough to snag one, so I don't have a basis of comparrison.", 5.0
"However, he is well muscled, warty, and weathered alot like he looks in the included issue of Captain Marvel. And if your wondering just what exactly to do with him, fear not, Captain Marvel is to be released in Series XV near the end of this year. Then he can go a few rounds with your Maestro. Now ML, where's our Legends 2099 Spidey? (He was also in that CM comic.)", 5.0
"He is a good figure, could be a little bigger, like more on scale with Juggernaut from Series VI, but he does come with the Apocalypse piece whcich is a great figure in and of itself", 5.0
"The Maestro, the evil future intelligent world conquering version of the Hulk, comes with one arm and arm tube of the mighty Apocalypse.  Apocalypse being the kick butt 14" giant figure you can build if you buy the six figures in this series.", 5.0
"Maestro Hulk has great paint and body sculpt with tons of detail and his muscles are so huge it looks like his skin may burst.  His beard is scuplted and painted well and he comes with his crazy pointy hat that fits well on his bald head.  He is a touch shorter than I'd like and this plus the swelled size of his arms and hands and his funny clothes do make him look dwarf like but once you get used to it it grows on you.  Overall a really cool figure and someone to take on the first appearance grey Hulk from the Galactus series.  Talk about alpha and omega", 5.0
"We looked everywhere for this float after borrowing one while swimming at the lake with our 11 month old.  The nice thing about it is that it provides a safe and comfortable ride while allowing the child to be right in the water and splash around.  We can swim right alongside and spin him around or swim underneath to come and suprise him from the other side.  We don't have to worry much about the water being too deep because the float is so stable.  I would say the only drawback is that while it inflates fairly easily, squeezing all the air out and collapsing the float can take a few tries.  I would recommend this product to anyone with an older baby who wants to take their child for a float in calm water", 5.0
"My one-year-old son had a great time playing with these blocks ...  He loved the colors and shapes.  He really enjoyed knocking down my block creations.  We had such a good time playing with the blocks that I decided to go on-line to buy him some.  I was shocked at the price.  I cannot believe [what] these blocks cost ...  For thirty-two foam blocks?!?!?!?!  Forget it.  It's too bad that these blocks are cost restrictive; they're great fun, but not worth the price", 5.0
"Great slide!!  No assembly required, just unfold and your ready for fun..perfect size for young toddlers.  Bright colors and cute, happy carrot face.  Great fun for indoors or out", 5.0
"After we saw the Monster's Inc. Movie, my daughter bedded for a book!  It was wonderful when we found out that Leapfrog had developed a book for the leappad.  My daughter has spend hours playing with this book, and playing the games in the book.  It is her favorite leapfrog book", 4.0
"This is one of the most fun games I've every played.  There are tons of belly laughs as people try to bluff their way through an answer to a question.  I find the questions (and answers) are quite educational too, I've learned a lot from these questions.  A group of family members played at Christmas (6 of us) and it was hilarious to watch some people try to come up with an answer to the question (a bluff).   We even let our 5 year old nephew "play" and he was pretty good with coming up with some bluffs.  Try it, it is loads of fun.  I recommend a group of at least 4 though", 5.0
"I was so glad when my little sister got this game for her birthday! Unfortunaty our version wasn't like the version I had when I was young. For some reason the people stand didn't open or close very well. So while for some you could smack down, others you had to jiggle and wiggle to get to lay flat. Not only that but when we would start a new game, you're soppose to be able to just flip the board over and all the stands would flip out. Well for the red board they didn't flip so well, in fact only a few would flip up with out help. That could have been my fault when I put the pieces together.", 5.0
"The game was still fun, althought it was hard teaching my six year old sister not to exclaim out loud that she's glad of who she got because she likes her hat. Although I didn't have a problem with her picking her person instead of doing it randomly,(like you're soppose too) I still love this game and forever will.", 5.0
"Cute Barbie, good for $5 with free shipping. Very trendy clothes, would make a good collectable because that will go out of style quickly I would think", 5.0
"I recently bought these 4 little Dora dolls for my 4 yr old's birthday.  She really loves them.  She plays with them all the time.  It is a nice collection to her Dora stash!", 5.0
"This was my 3rd bionicle and my 1st Rahkshi.  So far all i need for the green bionicles is Lewa the Toa Nuva of air, it is sold out every where. Well any way each Rahkshi has a staff with speacial powers, Rahkshi Lerahk's staff can poison anything at touch", 5.0
"I've been consistently impressed by the Bionicle toys from Lego, and the Rahkshi are no exception.  Wish I was young enough to actually play with this stuff.  Sigh.  Anyway, Rahkshi take the Bionicle can-sold figures to new a new level of articulation.  In total, joints are found at the neck, shoulder, wrist, hip, knee, and ankle, and the crank on the back swivels the entire arm assembly from side to side so you can whack things with the staff-like weapon each of the Rahkshi weilds.  Then there's  the opening case on the back so you can flip spooky little rubber leech/slug things through the air.  Each one of these things appears to come with a miniature CD full of Quicktime promotional stuff for the toys, game, web site, etc.  The voice is a bit melodramatic, but it's still kind of neat.  I like the 360-degree rotating model of the toy you just bought...sort of redundant, since you can look at the one in real life, but nifty all the same.  One thing that mildly disappointed me is that the Rahkshi's weapon isn't really an independanly existing object - which is to say that the bar held between the "hands" is only attached to the hands, not the heads of the weapon.  This isn't a really big deal, except that it means you can't have the figure hold the weapon in only one hand.  This could be rectified with 2 small technic pieces, of course, but it does mean you'd have to add extra bits to the set from somewhere else.  Overall, a very cool build-it-yourself action figure that could either be set to stand looming on your monitor at work, or actually played with.  Educational value is limited to following instructions and demonstration of structural principles, as in any Lego set.  Durability seems good so far - Lego is pretty sturdy stuff", 5.0
"Two grandsons (4 years and 6 years)have truly enjoyed this cartridge. Recommend it highly!", 5.0
"My niece is about to be two and she loves school buses, so I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE WORTH A TRY.  She loved it... hours of fun and if you are patient you could fold it back up and put it back in the box", 4.0
"Bought for 2 year old twins... it held up with about 5 kids in it and even an adult at the birthday party.  The only thing that doesn't appear to be the greatest is the detachable steering wheel because with my kids it would end up missing in no time.   Definitely a great gift.", 5.0
"This is the greatest thing, I was worried because some of the reviews said it was not made good and it was easily torn.  Not only has it lived up to my 3 year old, but we set it up outside and all the kids come and play, it has not torn.  It sparks great imagination.  All her friends go to school now, this allows her to pretend with them that she is going also.  And best of all, we can store it anywhere when we are done, she has even learned to close it up and put it away.  I highly recommend this bus to all!!", 5.0
"I got this game for my then nearly 4-year-old daughter and a year later she still enjoys playing it.  The game is VERY simple and does not require reading. All the parts and pieces are high quality. It's a good opportunity to work with numbers and measuring, plus the game goes fast so you can play it quickly if needed or multiple rounds if you have the time/inclination.", 5.0
"The object is to create the tallest character by mixing/matching 5 parts (feet, legs, body, head, and hat).  The character pieces are brightly colored and fun and include: ballerina, doctor, fireman/woman, policeman/woman, cowboy/cowgirl, and a clown.  A roll of the die determines which part you select.  The die has both pictures and words--except for the WILD side which is printed in red.", 5.0
"After the characters are assembled each player measures with the included ruler (you can choose centimeters or inches) to see whose character is the tallest. It's a sliding ruler with a base so the kids can actually fit their character inside and line up the top with the corresponding number on the ruler.", 5.0
"I wouldn't recommend this game for kids beyond 5--it may be a little too simple.  But for 3/4/5's it's a great game", 5.0
"I first became aware of "Eat It" through an article in the Washington Post. My family enjoyed playing the game so much that we invited the creators of "Eat It" to appear at an event in our local community. It is a game that truly the whole family can have fun playing together. My seven year old daughter, Emma, was thrilled to learn that one of the questions asked in the game was about a candy bar that was called "Fat Emma", and was hoping that it was still being sold,(it isn't). GREAT GAME", 5.0
"it's a nice pool..a pain in the ass to blow up without a pump but oh well. lol  it's a good tuy over all to have and holds a lot  of water. it's just hard to dump it all out once you're finished..that drain hole should be on the side and NOT on the bottom of the pool", 5.0
"I think that this was a great item - something unique from what I can usually find around here.  My daughter loved it.  Like any other Polly items, lots of little pieces but overall very nice.  I was a bit miffed when I found out that the photo booth really doesn't take photos.  I guess I should have thought about that a bit more.  Overall, it's just fine", 5.0
"I love the Luke Fx lightsaber more than any other one because it is made nicely, it is light, and it has a good glow in the dark that makes it look real. I would not even dream of fighting with it, I would think it would break in a few days of fighting. There is not much to say except it is the best Fx next to the Darth Vader and it looks cool in the dark. It is so bright it lights up a whole room when the lights are off", 4.0
"I love this chimp and I am an adult.  All the kids in the neighborhood come to play with it.  It is so realistic", 4.0
"Excellent I love chimps and watch all documentaries,so I had to have this one for my birthday and I am thirty seven years old.I would buy from you again", 5.0
"Santa brought this for my 5 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it.  She takes it in the car with her with her baby doll and belts it in with the seat belt.  One of the things I love about it is it isn't too heavy for her to carry.  She can carry it with her baby doll in it without any trouble.  It is also very sturdy.  She has even sat in it herself and it didn't break.  I would recommend this doll carrier.  It is great for little people who enjoy pretending to be mommy and daddy", 5.0
"You know the family games that you regret buying, especially when you see your child coming at you with it on a rainy day, saying, "Will you play this with me?" Well, Rat-a-Tat-Cat is not one of these.", 5.0
"It's simple enough to learn, but there is enough challenge in it to keep even an adult guessing. Rat-a-Tat-Cat was a gift to our family, but when my youngest daughter (age 4 or 5 at the time) got the hang of it, it became her favourite and here's why: 1)Though she was just learning numbers, she could understand the game, 2)The guessing part of the game put her on equal par with adults, to her delight. 3)Even for a busy adult, it's easy enough to sit down and play this game and actually can be relaxing. 4) If a guest came over, my daughter was able to explain the game rules to the guest and soon she'd have even teenage guys sitting cross-legged on the floor trying to get rid of the rats. Good ice-breaker.", 5.0
"Simply put, rats are bad, cats are good. High points ~ you don't want them.  The higher the number on the card, the more rat-power in the drawing. Zero is the best, with rats gone and a cat installed as a happy Statue of Liberty. The drawings are whimsical & clever.", 5.0
"The reason it's a success as a game for all ages is because though it appears simple, there is the element of not knowing what your cards are and even if you peek (with permission), opponents can take your best away from you. So, if you don't mind losing to a kid and making that kid's day, as well as having a laugh, go ahead and get this game. My daughter is older now and we still play it.  She's also learned to be a good loser :-", 5.0
"My son received this as a christmas gift and loves it. Took a little bit for him to understand how to work it. Only down fall is that it won't run on carpet. Requires hard floor or table to sit on.", 5.0
"Goes really fast", 4.0
"I read about this RC racer in  Family Fun magazine and it got best toy for 10-12 age group and they were Right!  It is alot of fun to put together..not too hard, but a good challenge...It can also be made into a different model,we went online to lego and got the directions.", 5.0
"It is  also sturdy, maneuvers, speeds up to 13 miles in hours and can take all kinds of terrain including snow jumps. The battery has given us about an hour of hard driving.The remote is alot of fun to use. I loves it...its spendy, but I've already had hours of fun", 5.0
"My 2 year old loves it... though one set of grandparents can't stand the noise so if you don't like noisy toys - obviously this isn't one for you. Otherwise its great! Runs out of battery very quickly though.", 5.0
"i bought it for my grandson who is 4,but my granddaughter liked it better then he did and she is only a year old,she kept hugging it and trying to dance with it", 5.0
"My 9 month old received this for Christmas and loves it!  He is not quite crawling yet, he sort of scoots around and loves to grab and wrestle this toy.  So far it has been very sturdy but yet soft enough for the baby to roll on and squeeze.  The voice and phrases it says are so very cute too, we love the little giggle and when it says "Hello Baby"!! This is an adorable toy", 5.0
"My son turned 4 on Tuesday and I had bought this and was saving it as a birthday gift! He ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT! He has spent hours and hours of time already sitting and playing with this playset and his turtles. Even my husband thinks it's cool! It wasn't too difficult to put together and it stays together quite nicely! Great toy for a 4 year old that loves TNMT", 5.0
"i don't know but mine has stayed together for the whole year nothing broke i had to fix the couch a little but i forgot to snap in the little thing into the front. but nothing broke and i'm not rough on it and i pick it up by the handle nothing's wrong with it though", 2.0
"An inexpensive way to have fun, and they have brought smiles to every person who uses them", 4.0
"This was the best stocking stuffer ever. And we got 4. One for each of us. Mine is know at my office, and my boss loves it", 5.0
"We (my husband and I) brought this toy for our 2 year old last Christmas because then she was an Elmo fanatic. She still plays with this toy even though her intrests have shifted to Dora! At first I wasn't quite sure what this thing did except make noise but as I watched her play with it, I realized it taught her to follow directios.", 5.0
"It's a mode where elmo asks you to follow the light and the keys light up one by one as you press them and I was truly amazed at my baby actually following the directions.", 5.0
"This toy also teaches numbers. Overall, this toy is great for toddlers and tends to stay a favorite unlike those toys that end up at the bottom of the toybo", 4.0
"I just found this car at ToysRUs for $3.49; plus others in this series. I came online to Amazon to see if I could find characters not available at the store and I was blown away by these prices--$29.99???? You've got to be kidding me! I bought the TOY cars for my five year old son to PLAY with--the only reason I can see TOYS being priced this high is they must be trying to catch collectors. I'm glad I could find what I did at a local store; I definitely would not pay these high prices...", 5.0
"I would have been very happy to buy others in the series from Amazon, but at these prices I am definitely NOT going to!", 4.0
"My daughter received this loom as a gift for her 6th birthday. Even though the box says for ages 7 and up, and even though she's not the most nimble-fingered kid, she has no trouble using this loom with just a little help. The materials seem to be high quality and it comes with a good amount of thick, colorful yarn. The loom has been keeping my daughter happily occupied for long periods of time. She enjoys watching me knit, but doesn't have the dexterity yet to knit herself, so she's thrilled to be able to weave herself scarves and the like", 5.0
"When it first came out almost 20 years ago, I saw this game at a bookstore and bought it to take on a Christmas skiing vacation with my family.  Unfortunately, my mother ended up having emergency gallbladder surgery instead.  We didn't have gifts that year, but we did made it to Colorado and spent hours by the fire laughing until our ribs ached playing this crazy game.  It doesn't matter if you can draw, it's how fast you can put something down that halfway suggests the word they give you, and how ridiculous everyone's scribblings usually look.  I've played it with an artist. He couldn't even draw a nose and chin in the 20 seconds he had, so his artistic standards took a dramatic tumble. If my spirits need a boost, I play this game. Buy it.  You'll love it", 4.0
"This game was given to our 3 year old as a gift and he loves it.  His little sister, who is two, also loves this game.  This game really helps to develop a childs ability to concentrate on visual cues.  It is basically a matching game combined with a puzzle concept.  There are no complex rules to learn, so within minutes of opening the box any child can begin to play and enjoy this game.  As each match is made the child receives immediate reward and motivation to find a new match.  Best of all is that this is a simple game with no buzzers or bells and is best played with the TV turned off", 4.0
"This is the best game for the beach and the car. The little letters clip right into the board. It has a zipper case also. It's great and we enjoy it very much", 1.0
"For scrabble aficionados with children who often travel long distances by plane this game is a MUST travel accessory", 4.0
"We recently played BONKERS at our game club. As we read the instructions we were hoping going BONKERS would be fun and it was. BONKERS is a game based on asking players questions.  The questions are not trivia and knowledge-based questions, but instead word-based questions.  For instance, a question might ask you to "Come up with words that end in BELL".  During your turn you have 30 seconds to "Go Bonkers" trying to blurt out answers like: BARBELL; DUMBBELL; DOORBELL, COWBELL etc.  Your goal would be to find as many answers as possible in order to hit any or all of the four answers provided on the game card.   For every answer you hit, you win scoring chips. That was just one category of questions called ADD ONS - where you find words that begin or end with a certain word.  The other categories are:  WHAT THE BLANK - where you find words to complete the blank;  RHYME TIME - where you find as many rhymes as possible in order to match those provided on the game card; and LETTER PERFECT - where you would find words which begin or end with certain letters.  The game play is interesting because there is some strategy thrown in.  At the beginning of the round, one player (the Card Reader) peeks at the Question and Answers on Game Card and decides how many scoring chips each answer is worth.  So, in the example above, the card reader might allocate 5 scoring chips to the answer COWBELL, four chips to BARBELL, three chips to DUMBELL and two chips to DOORBELL.  This is done by placing the chips on the gameboard under target answer "A"; "B", "C" or "D".  The object is for the card reader to decide on which answers are hardest and place the most scoring chips on the hardest answer.  This is because if the players do not hit some or any of the answers provided on the game card, the Card Reader will win the scoring chips leftover and advance on the Board.   However, if the players hit all or any of the answers on the game card, they win the scoring chips for the correct answers provided.  I really like the strategy part of the game, it adds a good deal of spice.  BONKERS provided for an entertaining evening.  We will play again!", 5.0
"I love this playpen!! Durable plastic, can be extended to larger size (or shortened if going someplace that is not as large). Only problem is that my baby loves to "wander." She is not thrilled when Mommy "cages" her up in order to protect her while I make dinner and cannot watch her as closely as necessary. Crib toys can be safely attached on the sides (did that with her Aquarium toy, which she loves and it soothes her). Occasionally plays with music buttons and phone but nothing else seems to interest her. I just put her other toys in for her to play with", 5.0
"I bought this mostly for the container.  I had individual play-doh products, like the barber set that came in it's own box.  I'm able to put ALL play-doh things into this container and everything is in one spot.  No more boxes and sorting.  I even still have space for more things like different colors and everything.  My daughter loves the variety of the toys and I love the convenience.  I'm going to buy it for presents for other families I know!", 5.0
"These dominos are great for the hello kitty lover.  My six year old loves them.  Don't be fooled by the picture though, the tin is not full.  If you ask me, there are not enough of them in there.  The tin is filled about three quarters with plastic to hold the dominoes up in the window and make it look full.  I would have rated it five stars if it had been full", 4.0
"We use this travel turtle on the airplane and in the car for my 1- and 2-year old children. It's intended for children a little older, and I can see why, as they are not able to easily balance the turtle on their laps. However, my 2-year-old can use it by herself, and it helped her to have a flat place to color and play with her magnetic board toys. I had to hold it in place for my 1-year-old, but when doing so, it also allowed him to color. I would recommend it, especially for children 3 and up.", 4.0
"I'm not one for guns in my household, but my potty-training son really wanted this blaster gun. He's a total Star Wars fan (like his father) and I told him that he could have it if he said good-bye to diapers. He did. So we ordered it and waited for the UPS man to come. He was so excited when it was delivered. He thought the UPS man was so cool for giving that to him! Anyways, there is so much detail on this blaster gun. The sounds are pretty cool and it lights up red. My son loves the sight scope too! Big hit in our household!!!", 5.0
"this is a great table/chairs set.. my 22 month old is enjoying it but may be a little to young.. the chairs tip very easily. other than that its a great set.", 4.0
"i really love this table set.i bought this for my 3 year old ...i dont have to worry if she s running around the table b/c its safe and made of plastic ...its light so easy to move around...easy to claen... reasonable price...i thnk i love it but i just wish that table size wa  a little larger", 4.0
"I have read other reviews here that this table is too high for 2 and 3 year olds. Maybe so but, it is wonderful for 4-5 year olds! Those "in between stages" kids who want to have a small table of their own but, need something a bit taller and more sturdy than those made for toddlers. My son (almost 5) and his big sister (7) can both sit together and eat a snack at this table. It is very sturdy! The small drawer is great for crayons or stickers to be put out of the way at snack time. The surface of the table is just the right size for imaginative play with puzzles or action figures. The unique oval shape of the table takes up less room while still providing a good sized table top surface space. My son had outgrown 2 "child size" table and chair sets by age 4- most are actually buit for toddlers- this table is actually for "Kids" and it has been a big hit at our home. Guess who's getting the matching Lifestyle kitchen for Christmas", 4.0
"The only draw back of this toy as others have said is the arms are stiff and make it hard to hug..", 4.0
"Other than that, this toy is simply adorable , the motorized sound of movements are hardly noticable.. and the sounds it makes are truly neat. My daughter got this over a year ago, (she is 7 now) and she still loves this bear and we have not had any problems with any broken limbs.", 5.0
"The doll is wonderful and my granddaughter thinks it is her best birthday gift. I also want to especially compliment and thank Amazon for their excellent handling of this purchase. I made a mistake when ordering and they very promptly helped me to correct it. I look forward to doing business with Amazon in the future", 4.0
"Ever since my son was 10 months old he just HAD to check out the vacuum whenever it was out. So we decided to get him a toy vacuum for his birthday. Since we use a canister vacuum I wanted to get him a canister vacuum as well, and this was pretty much the only one out there.", 4.0
"He just LOVES it, and since he is under 3, (the recommended age), I took the long gray pole out of the vacuum so its just his size. (the head fits fine straight onto the hose.) He knows how to turn it on & off, but mostly likes dragging it around. He also likes taking the two attachments out. And I love how this vacuum has no real suction because then it would not be safe for my little one.", 5.0
"The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because he loves this toy so much that he wants to drag it EVERYWHERE. And that can be a pain- (to the car, in the highchair, on the changing table, etc.) so I've had to hide it sometimes. :) But I am very happy with this vacuum", 1.0
"My two daughters (two and four) got this for Christmas from "Santa", after seeing this, they no longer had any interest in any other gift.  They love it and spend hours on in fixing each others hair", 5.0
"This was a great addition to our Read with Me dvd collection.  My son loves it - there are so many games and options available that it keeps him occupied for hours!", 5.0
"I love this motorcycle and it is a "no-duh" that it doesn't run on fuel.  Really...think...what fuel are you going to use.  Plus, fuel is hazardous to children and a company wouldn't threaten the lives of innocent children!  That's my OPINION", 5.0
"My 9 year old son loves Dragon Mountain.  He wasn't able to assemble it alone; eventhough he's typically very good at assembling most other toys.  It took about an hour for him and his dad to assemble it...but he felt it was more than worth the time it took to put it together", 4.0
"We are loving this set!  Very cool dragons, a fun environment for characters to explore and fight in.  Extra fun from several moving features - rasing/lowering cauldron, tramcar on sloped tracks, erupting mountain top, opening dragon mouth, flapping dragon wings, firing cannon.", 5.0
"A little challenging to build, but the instructions are fairly clear.  Assembly took an adult about 3 relaxed hours.", 5.0
"A few sections come apart after some play but they are pretty easy to put back together.  So far no pieces have broken.", 4.0
"Most important, this is a lot of fun to play with.  Over the past two days, our set has been getting non-stop play from a 9 year old boy and 6 year old girl.  A great toy for two kids to play with together, and the boy says a single child could also spend hours happily playing by himself.", 5.0
"We wouldn't have paid the full retail price for this, but at $35 (Amazon discounted price), I think this is appropriate value.", 5.0
"This costume kit was a great deal for the price.  My son loves it", 5.0
"Saw this on Jay Leno and it was a Hilarious Gift!  Tried it out and it dances to the chicken dance song and when you grab its neck it yelpsand pretends to choke then when you let go it continues its dance.  I Can't wait to give it as a Christmas Present.", 5.0
"These 'Cars' characters are all quality die-cast replicas that kids young and not so young can enjoy. The kids love playing with them and so far, our 'cast members' are still intact.", 5.0
"But they do look so good you might want to put one on your desk...", 5.0
"The details: painless shopping and quick shipping, as usual on Amazon", 5.0
"The Tonka truck was for my grandson for his birthday.  His first Tonka Truck.  He loved it.  Couldn't even wait to get it out of the box.  He turned one yrs. old and he started trying to sit on the top and he did and it held up.  Good going Tonka", 2.0
"My daughters(4year old, 2year old and 9 mos) love this toy. The keys are a little hard to hit but they seem to really enjoy it. The baby enjoys trying to play it but likes watching her sisters play it more", 5.0
"I first purchased the Winnie the Pooh Soft 'n Silly Tigger for my son when he was 4 months old.  He is now 14 months and LOVES his Tigger.  We now have 2 Tiggers, one as a back up, and he carries them everywhere he goes.  It's a great toy for young children to sleep with, being soft and cuddly.  Tigger has been a great comfort for my son and I don't know what I would have done with out them!", 5.0
"My 3 year old received this puzzle as a gift for his 3rd yr birthday. I wasn't so sure if he was ready for the puzzle at the age of 3, but four months after his birthday together with his cousins he started putting the pieces together. He is now 3.5 yrs. and knows how to complete it all by himself within less than 10min. I give ten stars", 5.0
"This is a great toy that lets childrens' minds grow.  Both ,my 7 and 5 year old love to play with this toy.  The magnetic base is so strong that you can build the metal peices ontop of each other to make a big sculpture.  I would highly recommend this", 5.0
"Previous reviews listed the lack of volume control as a negative point. In a panic I ran to check the three I have purchased for Christmas gifts 2002. ALL three have volume controls now! Don't let reviews on a previous model keep you from purchasing these products. Friends have these and my girls begged for their own. As a home-schooling mom I prefer to buy toys that are both fun and educational - Leap Frog is my best source", 5.0
"The game of memory is a great equalizer because little children are just as apt to remember where they saw the hidden images as older children or adults.  This makes it great game for the whole family to play together.   The images from the &quot;I Spy&quot; book illustrations are bright and  creative.  They don't match exactly- for instance, there might be two  images of cats, but borrowed from different photographs in the I Spy books.   So there is a bit more visual variety to spice things up.  This is a much  more attractive memory game than most, and would make an ideal gift for a  child or family", 4.0
"I just purchased this redesigned AT-ST from a local retail store. For the basic price of $20 for 244 pieces, this set is well worth the price.", 4.0
"I purchased the original AT-ST years ago and this model far surpasses that one in all ways. It's larger, much more stable, and has a unique pivoting mechanism which rotates the cab. It was very difficult to get the original AT-ST to stand upright without falling over; the 7657 is extremely stable.", 4.0
"The original AT-ST had Chewbacca at the controls which was pretty cool. However, not as cool as the AT-ST driver that has a new helmet and blaster. The only drawback is that his minifig head is flesh colored instead of traditional LEGO yellow.", 4.0
"It took about 20 minutes to put the model together. It wasn't very challenging but interesting to see how the rotating mechanism was put together.", 1.0
"I would highly recommend purchasing this set. For the low price of $20 for such a detailed and complete set, it's well worth the price. You won't be disappointed", 5.0
"I bought this toy because Amamzon's price was a great bargin compared to other stores.  I would have given this product 5 stars but gave it only 4 because the can is so large and the lincoln logs only fill is maybe half way.  There is a lot more room for more logs.  115 sounds like a lot but you are only able to make the one cabin seen on the front.  I ended up buying additional logs (not lincoln logs) so that me and the kids could build additional buildings and a fence", 4.0
"I was very happy with the Lincoln Logs I ordered for my three year old grandson. He has been enjoying them. They seem to be more complicated than they were when my son was his age which was about 35 years ago or close to it. Then it was only one small log cabin but this set is a western building. My grandson has still been able to build something that he likes. Thank you for making it available", 5.0
"I recently bought this Read With Me DVD System after much hesitation from other reviews. It was on sale at Toy r' Us for $18 so I decided that I would go ahead and try it. I took the advice of one of the reviewers and waited until my daughter went to bed to program it.  To be honest, it took me longer to get it out of the package than to program it. The system was programmed in less than 5 minutes and I have a Pioneer DVD player that is over 5 years old. The only thing I would suggest besides waiting until you child is asleep is not to lay the DVD control perfectly flat or it will be lower than the eye on the Read with Me DVD system.  My daughter absolutely loved it! The reason I gave it 4 out of 5 is because wish they had a few more DVD available in stores.", 5.0
"Ok so my son got it for christmas and here it is june and i just hooked it up. it took me all of 5 mintutes not even that to program it. the first try #4 wouldnt take so what i did is i put the toy remote on one thigh and the remote on the other so that there were almost touching and so that the "eyes" were right on top of each other. and it took straight away.", 5.0
"Its really fun for my 4 year old my 10 year old got bored. my only suggestion is that there needs to be a bigger choice of games. they are so similar that my 4 year old changes games quite a bit.", 5.0
"i am actually having trouble finding games for it now.", 5.0
"its great and if they are going to be in front of the TV might as well be learning. he also hase VSMILE which is a little bit better if you can afford the 60$ for the game unit and 20$ for the games. (grandma and grandpa got ours for us with games) so it wasnt bad for us.", 5.0
"read with me DVD is good though, i really enjoy playing it and listening to the stories", 5.0
"My children are 7, 5 and 20 months, and they all love it.  The baby is especially fascinated by it and was able to make the top spin by herself after her brothers coached her a bit.  The humming sound is much less annoying the many of their battery operated toys with voices and electronic noises", 5.0
"my 19 month old loves the toy for its colors, I like it because it allows me to get more chores finished in the kitchen! It has a nice suction base to keep the top steady on tile. It was a little difficult at first, for my son to handle, since a good bit of strength is needed to push the bar down especially if you want to hear it hum and spin fast. The colors are pretty cool, The faster it spins the more colors come out (primary + yellow/orange colors). I like that it holds his interest. A [...] could defentley get this down better but at least there is room to grow!", 5.0
"This is a perfect game that you can enjoy with the whole family! It is very fun and great for little ones too! I own this game, and my family enjoys it very much. This is a great mystery game where you spy to find out each pearson's idenity. I love this game and I think you would too", 2.0
"If you love the unpredictable, then Catch 22 is for you.  This game has plenty of social interaction and combines skill with luck in the pursuit of 22 gold tokens.  Just when I thought I was about to win the game, my boyfriend landed on my game piece and stole all of my tokens.  Boy, that did not make me happy at all.  The key to this game is to use your blocker cubes wisely.  The cubes are used to either block an opponents way or safeguard your path to the money.  Once you use the cubes, you can only retrieve them by landing on a 'collect blocker' square.  You can collect any blocker cube placed on the board, including your opponent's cubes.  I made lots of money selling blocker cubes back to my opponents. We were so addicted to this game that we played it all night long.  I highly recommend it, but be prepared to either win big or lose your shirt!", 5.0
"I especially like this product for traveling and sitting in waiting rooms. My only complaint is that you have to hold it just right to see the puzzle clearly on the screen.  It has a contrast adjustment, but it not very helpful.  It also has a lighted screen option which is not very good either. A great improvement would be a screen with greater contrast.", 5.0
"I purchased this item for my 4 years old neice. She is Dora crazy as my 6 year old was at 2 and 3 years old. My daughter has the older version and she still plays with it. It's her house for her and her dolls. My neice is also enjoying her Dora house. Great gift. It does not  take up too much space. You can slide it under a bed, behind a couch etc. Dora house is great!", 5.0
"This set of crayons is very durable & colorful!  It comes in a cute organized pouch which has 4 zippered compartments that fold togehter and velcro shut.  The crayons are EXCELLENT quality, comparable to Crayola.  Young kids and adults will enjoy hours of fun with crayons.  Create things to your hearts desire.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED PRODUCT and Great for Travel Too!", 5.0
"7yr old son has had many many hours of fun rebuilding this into many different tracked and wheeled vehicles. Quickly lost interest in snow monster part but the vehicle part is easily changed around for new setup each time.  Highly recommended", 4.0
"My 4 year old son got some early christmas money from his grandparents. So we went and bought this toy at Target (and paid 30.09 for it) He loves it... his favorite part was that you can take the whole thing apart and put it together different each time. My only concern was that the snow monster needs camera batteries or cell phone batteries??? What are those??", 5.0
"Many people are not time oriented.  I have used this both in the classroom and at home.  It allows the children a visual clue to how much time has gone past.  I tell them they have 30 minutes to complete something.  I set green for 20, yellow for 7, and red for 3.  I don't have to say anything else.  This eliminates waiting time once they realize that at red they need to be picking up and getting ready for the next lesson", 4.0
"My three year old takes a "rest" instead of a nap, which means he stays in his room for a quiet time so mommy has some sanity.  He can't tell time, so he would come out every 5 minutes to see if rest time was over.  In order to keep him in there for an hour I purchased this clock so he can see and hear when his time was up.  It works perfectly and he isn't anxious about when his time is up.  He understood the concept of the clock changing from green to yellow to red quickly and knows when the clock is red that his time is almost up. I set the clock to announce when his time is up and then he comes on out. No more "is it time yet?".  I get my full hour of sanity uninterupted!", 5.0
"We wanted this little doll for our own "Little Ariel". She is perfect for the bath tub! She comes with her own float, wand with bath tints, and swim coverup!! Her bright red hair is put in little pig tails with bows and she has a baby powder fresh scent (which we were not expecting- my husband is not to found of that). We are very pleased and hope that this company continues to make baby princess items!!!", 5.0
"Our son is 2 y.o. and had a great time with this puzzle. Enjoy all the animals", 5.0
"This game is great to get to know your friends and family in a new light.  It encourages deep converasations but can also be a fun and energetic game.  You'll find yourselves wrapped up in topics that you'd never discuss otherwise.", 5.0
"Great game for all ages.  Lots of fun if played with many people.  Very intertaining", 5.0
"I love it! it's really light weight and portble.  The batteries do go dead without the charger and the PVDs should have more then 30 minutes-60minutes.  I like this video now alot.  Calling it a toy is a little far fetched but it's wonderful.  I hope you buy it!", 4.0
"This item showed up on time and without incident... I'm not sure what else I can expect from a pair of novelty glasses.", 4.0
"We all LOVE this toy.  What I like about it, is that it's easy to use, even for my almost three yr old, it has realistic sounds yet not obnoxious, it's sturdy, (Will only tip when it knocks into something pretty hard) it LOOKS good, not cheap, and it's pretty wallet friendly as far as price goes.", 4.0
"This has been THE big hit this Christmas.  Even more so than Tekno Puppy", 5.0
"My 11 yr old son got these Moon Shoes at Christmas and he plays with them a lot.  He has ADHD and Sensory Integrative Dysfunction, and the bouncing really soothes him and gets him refocused.  I don't think he ever expected to bounce very high; he seems to be happy enough with the bounce he gets.  When he wants to play with them in the house, I send him downstairs to jump around on the concrete floor to save wear and tear on my hardwoods.", 5.0
"The downside for us has been that the bands have started snapping very frequently.  At the rate he's going, he'll run out of bands long before he outgrows wanting to play with the toy.  So if anyone hears of a way to get more bands, please speak up", 4.0
"My 8-year old wanted a pirate ship for Christmas, which was a dilemma because all I could find were ships for toddlers or LEGO-related ships.  This one is fully assembled (PHEW!) and when he opened the box, he jumped for joy.  The 4 action figures have the sinister look an 8-yr old could appreciate.  The cannon really shoots and the hoist loads and unloads treasures.  My son found enough small removable parts on the ship (a parrot, tools, anchor, lamps) to keep him occupied for hours.  The whole ship is hard or molded plastic, including the sails.  I'm fairly confident it will hold up in many future battles.  I'm VERY happy with this ship, but I wouldn't recommend it to a toddler or a child who looses small objects", 5.0
"My son wanted this piece and we have enough of the other pieces to incorpate it into the track system we have started and my son loves it and plays with it so I have to say it has exceeded my expectation for the value it added to our GEO Trax railroad", 5.0
"This review is not about the toy, but about the service you can expect to receive from Amazon.com.  If you are buying this as a gift, only do so if you have months to wait, even if the item is listed as available.  Amazon.com will allow you to pay your money under the guise of sending your items, and then days later, inform you of a delay in shipping, and then a week later inform you the item has just shipped and can take up to an additional 10 days for delivery.  Despite the site's claims that the item would ship in 24hrs and be delivered in 3-5 days.  Mind you, they're sending it via UPS or American Home....", 5.0
"Honestly, there are other retailers out there who are more reliable than Amazon.com and I strongly recommend using them - unless you're okay disappointing the little girl in your life.  I know I hate having to tell my neice that the gift I promised her still won't be there - even though her birthday has passed, by almost a week at this poin", 4.0
"My daughter is 2 1/2 years old and I often find myself surrounded by some loud toys that jingle or sing.  After dinner I find that this book is a wonderful transition into our bedtime routine.  She has learned how to button, use a zipper and problem solve by using this book.  Also, I find that this is a great toy to keep in the car when rush hour traffic becomes horrible.  I have bought this book for many of my friends children and would recommend this to anyone who has a toddler since the it holds up extremelly well no matter how hard your child plays with it", 5.0
"Our whole family loves this game.  I like this version because it includes the history and rules of the game on the inside cover.  I also like that you can close the cover and not lose the dice.  The construction is a little flimsy and there is not enough felt on the board which makes the dice rolling a little noisy.  We added a piece of felt on top of the board and it is much better", 4.0
"These days, classic game shows aren't really as popular as reality shows like Survivor and American Idol. However, with the surprise Summer show, Game Show Marathon in CBS, many clssics had the opportunity to breathe a glimpse of new life, like Press Your Luck, Match Game, and Card Sharks. Another classic which was revised, Let's Make A Deal. With Monty Hall's benchmark into pop culture revisted, many have wondered whether the classic game of trading will ever come back onto television again. Thankfully, those who easily own DVD actually don't have to wait for the show to return. They can just trade in the comforts of their own living room.", 5.0
"The Let's Make A Deal DVD game, recaptures the classic trading that Monty Hall made popular from the 70's and 80's into a great fun game. In this game, Monty Hall puts traders to the test where you can trade your chances for big nostalgic prizes like classic cars from Datsun, and Cadillac, to trips and fur coats from Dicker & Dicker of Beverly Hills. On top of that, there are classic quick deals to play for extra cash. For example, if you have a pair of scissors, Monty will give you $700. Also, there are the classic booby prizes, Zonks!!! Although they are fun to receive, you get absolutely nothing to show for it. There is also the anticipation of getting the Big Deal for big bucks. Unlike DVD editions of shows like Family Feud and The Price Is Right, the game really delivers a great job from Monty, and each of the great concepts from the classic game show. The mastering really thrives with classic clips of Carol Merill and Deal's announcer Jay Stewart on each of the prizes.", 5.0
"Although I just wish there could've been more games to play, I am absolutely impressed with the way Let's Make A Deal was put into a DVD game. If you haven't seen this classic game show, Monty Hall hosted, you have to buy this great game. I absolutely recommend this, and that is definitely not a zonk!", 5.0
"Price: B 1/2-", 1.0
"DVD Mastering: A-", 5.0
"Fun & Enjoyment: B 1/2+", 5.0
"Overall: B", 5.0
"We gave our nine yr. old grandson this train for Christmas.  He had a such a good time putting it together, then running it on the track.  The train absolutely glides on the track, so quietly and smoothly.  It is a great product", 5.0
"I bought my seven and ten year old daughters moon shoes for christmas.  I had read all the reviews, so I immediately instructed the girls to always wear their bicycle helmets when playing with their moon shoes.", 5.0
"Yes, they can be dangerous, but with a few precautions, I think the kids will have more fun, be safer, and the parents will have peace of mind.", 5.0
"1. Don't let the kids start jumping right away, hold their hand or have them put their hand on your shoulder as they practice walking in them.", 4.0
"2.  Once they've achieved the ability to balance, have them practice bouncing in place just a little bit.  This will help them learn to balance as they move and learn how the moon shoes respond to the way they move.", 5.0
"3. Set ground rules, no bouncing when there is a lot of debris around, no bouncing while holding objects, always wear helmet, no bouncing near each other, and if you feel or hear any of the rubber bands break while bouncing sit down immediately and take off the shoes.", 1.0
"My kids spent the first half hour/45 minutes getting use to their moon shoes.  They now can bounce around with stability and confidence", 4.0
"Great little wagon!!  The canopy is nice and the fold down seats are very useful", 4.0
"The gizmo doll is very realistic. It looks just like the one in the movie. The doll's ears are about 11 inches across and the doll is about 8 inches tall. I bet your going to really like this Plush Gizmo Doll, my son treats him like a member of the family. Thank you for reading", 4.0
"This is great! No more lost cartridges or torn books. Very easy for my four year old to store all her leap pad items", 4.0
"both of my kids have a LeapPad and several books ... this is a great way to keep them all together.  It's durable and kid friendly--so they can keep track of their cartridges and books ... and it's great b/c they can just grab it and go which makes it nice for travel too", 4.0
"We bought the LeapPad Plus for our 4 year old for Christmas and 4 books to go along with it.  Then I realized we had no where to put it, we also bought the Littletouch leadpad for our 1 year old and a bunch of books.  Yesterday we went and bought this and the carry case for our little one's littletouch.  Great space saver.  It is made very well too.  Our daughter calls it her briefcase.  It fits everything perfectly", 5.0
"This movie teaches the basic ballet steps with the use of a mat.  Although it is a little slow in the beginning, once the dancing starts my daughter is hooked.  We started with with a VHS and had to buy a dvd because we played the video so much.", 4.0
"My grandparents bought me this for Christmas and I really love it! The doll is absolutely breathtaking, and she has honey blond hair with golden highlights. Her eyes are a deep blue green color, and she is very pretty overall. The closet she comes with is very cute, and I can put Barbie shirts and skirts on the little hangers! There is a lot of room for shoes and purses and hair accessories, I love this toy", 1.0
"I was really excited when I saw this Doll, because I'm Navajo.  It's something I can let my daughters take into school to share during native American Month.  We all like it a lot", 4.0
"This was a hit for both of our kids.  They had so much fun making their very own unique soccer ball.  We have already used it for our indoor soccer league and it was a hit!!   For all you soccer moms and dads, this is a wonderful gift for your child.", 5.0
"I thought this would be a great gift for my child since she is an avid soccer player and very creative.  The markers provided were not any different than ones that we use for crafts.  I hope that her design will stay on the ball after playing with it", 1.0
"GREAT!!! It is the Perfect place to store all those wooden puzzles we all have for our toddlers! The puzzles slide right in on the small metal rods...Very easy to remove puzzles! I also like the fact that is made of a lovely natural wood! We have this in our living room, and it is quite attractive", 1.0
"My son got this game as a gift.  I brought it into my junior high classroom to use on a game day.  The kids love this game and request it over and over.  Many other teachers have asked to borrow it for their classes.  It is a great vocabulary builder.  I also made my own cards with letters of the alphabet on them.  I use these when we are studying parts of speech --  they have to come up with a noun (adjective, verb, etc) that begins with that letter.  This is a great game and a good way to make a rather dull subject more interesting", 5.0
"My 3 3/4 yr old got these for Christmas and he loves them.  Plays with them almost every day.  We bought both dinosaur kits and they are fun to combine together.  My son loves to not only put together the "proper" dinosaurs, but make up his own creatures as well.  A fun way for dinosaur loving kids to engage in some creative "think outside the box" play", 5.0
"WE PLAYED THIS GAME WITH 3 COUPLES AND ALL OF US ENJOYED IN VERY MUCH WE LAUGHED THE WHOLE TIME IT WAS A VERY ENJOYED GAME FOR ALL", 5.0
"The little mermaid pop-up castle was sold out everywhere this past holiday season selling at $34.99.  I found it on Amazon for $26.47 and free shipping!", 5.0
"My daugher, 3 yrs old, just loves it.  The accessories are very tiny, like the tea pot and tea cups.  Tiny like your pinky fingernail.", 5.0
"We all love it! Easy to put together, but I think it folds up, I don't know how though", 5.0
"Pefect addition to any little mermaid collection. Very durable plastic, not too many little pieces. Clothes for dolls could be easier to take on/off", 5.0
"Apparently she has loaded this stroller down with dolls, purses etc and has not let it out of her sight since it was delivered (on time incidentially!)", 1.0
"We bought this pool toy for our daughter, and she was thrilled!!! But after being on this toy one time we now call him the bucking bull. Good luck staying on the silly thing. Now my child sits and hangs on to the handles and we pull her around the pool on it. My husband and I cannot stay on this thing either. Every now and then we bail on with sheer determination, only to be off in a matter of seconds", 4.0
"I have been having such a good time with this marshmellow shooter! I recommend it to anyone. Plus you can aim at someone and they can eat what the ammo! Thinking of giving these to me employees as Christmas gifts!", 1.0
"This item is sooooo cute! Garfield is dressed in his jammies and is clutching Pookie in his left arm. We highly recommend TY Goodnight Garfield, especially if you are a Garfield fan", 4.0
"The remote on this car has nice big buttons that are easy for my two year old to use.  One button makes the car go forward and one turns it around.  The third just makes reving engine & squealing tire sounds. Not very realistic but convincing enough for a toddler.  This car has been tossed around and dropped yet still looks and works great.  It is a very durable toy that is simple to use.  It is a great first remote control car.", 5.0
"This doll is absolutely breathtaking.  I bought her for my "gift closet", but I think I'll keep her for myself!", 5.0
"The price was only $5.29 during the special Toys R Us sale, plus free shipping.  Couldn't ask for a better deal or a prettier collectible doll", 5.0
"Excellent!  My 2 yrs. old grandson is loving it.  I purchased a storage case for his Melissa & Doug puzzles, and it helps keep them organized and neat.  Much appreciated by Mom & Dad", 4.0
"We learned about these blocks years ago when my now 13 year old was in pre-school.  I was amazed at how these seemingly simple pieces of wood, so totally enraptured these little kids!", 5.0
"Kapla, are 'blocks' that are all exactly the same size.  At first glance, they seem boring.  But once you start playing with them, they are so much more.  They can be made into all kinds of structures, and can even be raised higher than one can reach, without falling!!", 5.0
"When our 'surprise blessing' turned 2, I pulled them out for him.  He enjoyed them (though at 3 he likes them much more), but what surprised me is that my older two (15 and 13) love playing with them as well!!  In fact, we ALL do!!", 1.0
"I know it seems like a lot of money to spend on these, but they are MORE than worth it!", 4.0
"My daughter thinks these are the most adorable Fairies.  They adorn every possible accessory she and her friends can attach them to.  You never know who will have which charms as they are always swapping them.  I would say that you get an amazing bang for your buck with these.  They are the "in" thing right now with her 4th grade friends", 5.0
"This thing is great. Anything you can put on top of it to hold it down will stage it up to go off. It will blow up and not hurt anyone but scare them...funny funny funny!!!! You can use fairly light objects, you can use trip cords, and you can use trip cord like devices too, and probably much more that I have never thought of... Good luck, good fun, and good hunting!", 4.0
"Sam Kochel...", 4.0
"p.s. hope this was a helpful review", 1.0
"I bought this for my grandson for Christmas, he was 8 months old. This has been the best learning toy for him, along with entertainment. He has learned how the shapes work and took this on soon. It has also helped him in walking. It is entertaining for me to watch him play with this toy, he has to push the button and play the music before he pushes it. I would actually buy one more for him to have at home with Mom and Dad. This is well worth the money", 1.0
"AWESOME music and interaction... fun storage compartment under seat and blocks that fit into the sides and play wonderful songs. Gets the kiddo very involved. Transitions well from indoor toy to riding outside", 4.0
"We love this game. It seems to be the most fun with 5 or 6 people, although my husband and I also enjoyed the 2-person version.", 1.0
"We do not usually use the board. We just use a scorepad to keep track of points.", 5.0
"Once you catch on to the game, it's not too hard to come up with answers.", 1.0
"Highly recommended", 4.0
"Legos, Duplos, Ello.. they don't hold a candle to the Kid Knex in the series. Unbelieveable how much our 6 year old daughter plays with these and our 3 YO son too. These have a good feel for kids too. Bright. Easy to use. We have all in set now. BRING ON SOME MORE", 5.0
"I received this for my 3 yr old daughter and she absolutely loves it.  The price is great right now, especially with free shipping.", 4.0
"She loves to dress the doll and use all the accessories.  More than worth the low price...I'm going to stock up on a few more for misc. gifts.  The package is large and comes with a lot of accessories", 5.0
"My son is a very active 2 yr old and very hard on toys, and these are great. Thick plastic construction. Easy enough for him to hook them up himself. We have 2 different kinds and they are both super", 4.0
"Unavailable for some time, the Sky High Suspension Bridge is back.  Once you have the ramps to get the track up there, it really stands out as a part of the railroad.", 5.0
"Assembly was required but routine; the directions were quite adequate.  There are no stickers to wiggle into place", 5.0
"My niece couldn't put this down after she opened it. She had lots of fun", 5.0
"doing tricks for her relatives at Christmas. The components of the set", 4.0
"are very good quality. I patted myself on the back for discovering this", 4.0
""winner" gift", 5.0
"I've had this high chair for a year now, and I love it.  My daughter plays with it every day, and it's worn great.  It still looks as good as the day we put it together.  I love that it's wood, rather than cheap plastic, and it's a pretty white with pink gingham, which I think is adorable.  The material has held up great and still looks perfect.  The wood is sturdy, with no cracks.  It fits all my daughter's dolls, including her large Cabbage Patch doll.  If I were going to change anything, I'd like a little bar in the front of the seat that would prevent the babies from slipping through (like real high chairs).  For the most part, her babies stay put, but sometimes they slip down and out.  It's not a big problem, though.  Our friends bought the same one a year ago for their daughter, and feel the same way about it.  We love the Badger Basket product line!  I highly recommend this product", 5.0
"Another nice product from PlayDough.", 4.0
"Worth the ten bucks or so..  We just bought this from", 5.0
"Amazon.  This would make a cute birthday present for a young child, say 2 to 8?  Hard to give an age as I myself like to sit with my son and play!", 4.0
"Enough play dough for the price and the bucket is really handy for storage.  I would buy this again as a gift", 4.0
"I bought my Harvey toy a while ago, and I was quite pleased. It's actually very durable, like everyone else has said. The crane doesn't break off, no matter how often you play with it or how hard you may accidentaly step on it. I think the only way to break it off is via steam roller.", 5.0
"Anyway, highly recommended for any Thomas collector", 1.0
"This is an attractive toy for infants and toddlers. The music and lights are nice.", 1.0
"This is the best of the LeapPad books I have seen.  My four-year old has spent hours on it.  It's very interactive and covers a lot of ground for that age. Highly recommended", 2.0
"Fun for kids age 4 -40.  Bought it as a gag for my college age son... he loved it for pranks, but also let young nieces and nephews play with it.  Kept them laughing for a long time.", 2.0
"Being the first Ravensburger puzzle I have ever owned, it is without a doubt the best quality and the best detailed puzzle I have ever worked with.", 5.0
"The quality of the product is shown throughout, from the sturdy container, practically sediment free packaging, the exact cuttings of the each puzzle piece (not a single one was still attached to another puzzle piece and there were only one or two frayed cut spots in the whole set), and the high quality graphic printing.", 5.0
"The puzzle itself is made difficult primarily by the use of similar colors throughout.  The puzzle pieces are otherwise the standard cut type.", 5.0
"The resulting artwork is something that we've decided to actually frame and hang in my office, which we have never done over the years (puzzles can be very calming to work on after a long week of long and stressful work hours - especially when working on them with others).  The puzzle cuts are so well done that it is not entirely easy for someone to tell that it is a puzzle from general glancing unless they get up close (within 2 feet) and look at the detail.", 4.0
"I will definitely buy more Ravensburger puzzles and hope that they come out with even more puzzles of this type (old world maps) and same quality", 5.0
"An excellent project for your child's school report.  We purchased the Velociraptor kit for our 8 year old daughter not knowing what to expect. After opening the package my wife came up with the clever idea of pouring melted chocolate chips into the dinosaur molds, instead of using the plaster mix that comes with the kit. We experimented with white chocolate chips and created realistic looking dinosaur bones! We buried these edible bones in ground up Oreo Cookies.  What a thrill to see our daughter's 2nd grade class excavate these delectible prehistoric fossils!  We can't wait to purchase other kits in the Eyewitness series", 5.0
"When the Toa and all the first Bionicles came out, it was very simple and straigthforward. Bad guys were different from the Toa and everyone knew they were bad. Now, with the Pirahka, we have villians claiming to be Toa! And the matoran believe them!", 4.0
"One of the things I really love about Zaktan is his weapon. It looks really cool and can change. Also, the little ball launcher (I forget what it's called) is a lot of fun (I shot my brother with it X3) and the glowing eyes are just plain awesome! Though the rubber part is sligthy annoying, it doesn't really get in the way", 4.0
"As a brilliant, but ruthless leader of the Piraka, Zaktan thinks that working together is the way to find the ultimate treasure, the mask of life! All the Piraka have two tools. Yes, 2. Each one has a Zamor spheres which are small marbles that each one can shoot, but in real life they would be the size of basketballs. Zaktan's three-pronged blade is capable of cutting through metal. Nothing will get in his way, or it will be severely punished................", 5.0
"I bought the Little Tikes Adjust and Jam Basketball Set for my grandson's 4th birthday. It is perfect for his age group. The height can be raised or lowered and comes with 2 small size basketballs. He loves it", 5.0
"I think this toy is just too cute.  It is a bit pricey though.  I would not suggest you purchase this toy for a young toddler...maybe a 2 1/2 to 3 year old.  My daughter likes throwing it on the ground and screaming with delight (she is one and a half).  She really likes it and carries it around the house.  She is a little too young to respect it properly and I fear it may not last long.  It is really cute if you have real stainless steal appliances in your home.  I bought this because my daughter has taken a keen interest in my microwave and I have trouble keeping her away from it.  This toy has solved that problem.  One minus is that it came with no instructions on how to get the table to rotate.  You have to play with the buttons a little and then you will see how it operates.  My daughter can not systematically make the turn table rotate...for her it happens randomly.  She enjoys opening the doors, pushing the buttons, seeing the light come on and hiding her real dinner in there (so parents beware!).  Someone suggested it is a tiny unit...and so it is, but all the other toy microwaves I looked at were very similar in size", 5.0
"I bought this doll w/ brunette hair for my 4 year old.  It's so soft and realistic looking, floppy like a real newborn, perfect weight for little ones to cradle.  I'd been looking for a 'baby' doll w/ long hair - some of the other co's make them too heavy, not conducive for real play.  This doll is also washable, a big plus.  The hair is soft and very brushable, the face is sweet and the eyes open and close properly.  A little pricier than your average doll but you can see the difference in the skin texture and facial features. Overall a very nice doll, high quality, hopefully will be played w/ for many years.", 4.0
"This toy is FANTASTIC. Although I have the English speaking toy, it still has a similar sounding Italian accent to the toy. If you enjoyed the films, I highly recommend these toys!!! Is it possible to buy an Italian speaking Luigi", 4.0
"I bought this Item for my husband for xmas and he loved it but once they were all put together they would fall apart fairly easy but other then that they are great I highly recomend this especialy for a husband or son", 4.0
"I bought this for a present for my 2 yr old daughter and she likes it and can turn the handle", 4.0
"My 3 yr old grandson loves this. He can manage it ok. Good Gift", 5.0
"Satisfied with the overall quality of the product. Also with the purchase process", 5.0
"My son loves this instrument, but I think he likes another saxophone that plays tunes when you press buttons better. This one relies on the child to blow and press the keys, like a real instrument, but doesn't sound like a saxophone", 5.0
"we saw this online and really wanted it, but decided to wait because of the reviews. well today we went to an outlet store that sells new stuff at huge discount prices, and it was only 10.00 my son has already ridden the heck out of it with no problems, and he loves it. we havent had to replace a fuse and it just the right size for my 1 and a half year old. its a really great little bike, but for the workmanship of it, i definitly wouldnt pay 50 dollars for it, maybe 30-35 most. we just got blessed with a really great deal:) so if ya want this for your kids, its great for the smaller rider, and just the right speed for him to control. hope this helps someone:", 4.0
"My family of seven kids, four daughters/sons-in-law have owned this game for 2 years.  We love playing it and it is one of the few games that everyone enjoys.  It is one of our favorite games and that is saying a lot since we own dozens of games.  Our youngest was 12 when we bought the game and she often wins", 5.0
"I've been thrilled with the car so far.  Super fast, and super cheap at this price.  It could be a little more responsive when turning, but otherwise great.  Lasted about 25mins with long fast runs using a generic 9.6v pack by newbright.  As other person said, works better on packed surfaces vs loose dirt and grass.  I bought it to bring back memories of my old Tyco turbo hopper from childhood...and it did a great job at that.", 4.0
"My son likes this item.  The cars also fit his train set from imaginarium.  The only thing I didn't like about putting this together was the elevator.  Very tight fit and doesn't like to go up or down easily.  But everyone likes playing with it, from the 18 mo old to the 10 year olds", 5.0
"We purchased a starter piece set for my girl when she was 3 years old. She absolutely loved it because it was easy to use and build. She had a hard time with the legos type blocks because it was more frustrating for her to pull them apart. We then expanded to this 35 piece and she is able to be even more creative. It is an excellent lerning toy. not as simple as it seems", 4.0
"This doll rocks! I love her hair, it's a dark reddish color and it's curled into seperate locks. And her dress is gorgeous! It's a powder pink color with long sleeves, and at the hands it has a big ball of white feathers. The necklece she has is very pretty, and so is her crown. Shes quite durable, and would make a great addition to any collection or toy chest", 5.0
"My daughter is one and a half, and she's had these blocks for about a year now, but only now is she really playing with them and identifying the little pictures.  Some pictures are a little obscure, but all the basic animals and objects seem to be covered.  I'm very pleased with how smooth the blocks are, and how well they are holding up.  I feel they will really help my daughter to learn her letters, both in upper and lower case.  My only problem is with the tray.  It only holds the blocks if you keep it completely flat (as if a toddler can transport anything while keeping it level).  I also don't like its sharp edges.  My daughter went through a phase where she liked dumping the blocks out and then waving the tray around.  Now the tray is stored out of reach and the blocks are stored in a small plastic bin", 5.0
"My 6 year-old daughter got this for Christmas and spent more than an hour coloring the pieces.  The ink dries quickly and seems to stick pretty well. We have rinsed the tea set a couple of times and never noticed ink washing away.", 5.0
"The wooden corral is so simple it encourages hours of imaginative play.  It is just the right size for my child's horses to play in and can be easily set up anywhere.  Yet it is very compact when folded for storage.", 4.0
"I give puppytunes as a gift to all my friends that have a new baby.  Puppytunes is always their (the baby's) favorite toy! :", 5.0
"Murdoch is a mighty engine with ten drive wheels. He was brought to the Island to help with the heavy workload and pull freight on the main line. As shy as he is strong, Murdoch can often be found seeking peace and quiet.", 4.0
"This wooden train is a 2 piece set, joined with magnets. My son loves playing with this mustard-yellow engine on his wooden tracks. Very sturdy construction, and a great addition to the Thomas line", 5.0
"This is like a real fish the the tub. Our little one loves it", 5.0
"I got this puppy first on accident, trying to get a love and licks puppy. This puppy far outshines love and licks. It actually works without much effort. Nose gets magically cold and it wags its tail without much effort. Great first puppy toy for a child", 5.0
"This action figure is sitting on my desk at home. He's my little computer buddy. It's really not bad at all, although the plastic hair doesn't allow his head to move very much. When I'm writing, and I get to a point where I need to back off a bit, I pick him up and change the pose, or threaten my daughter with the masamune, or she and I set him up for a couple of humourous pics. It's great.", 5.0
"All hail Sephi!!  (and you can just hear it, Why the heck are you calling me that?   Well, why not?  It's weird and it's not right!  But, Sephi....)", 5.0
"Hahahaha. Can't wait to get Cloud too. Then things in my house will be interesting", 5.0
"The "Shout About" line of DVD games are a great way of getting people together.", 5.0
"We play teams (at least 3-5 people on each) and it is always a noisy and fun crowd.", 5.0
"This is a fabulous little Brio bridge.  My kids (6, 3 & 2 yrs) all love this as part of their train track.  It is a sturdy piece which gets used daily.  My kids love that they can drive the train onto the bridge and then push the button that collapses the bridge and have the train (mostly this is Diesel 10) fall down.  It's a reenactment of the viaduct scene from Thomas and the Magic Railroad movie", 5.0
"STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE IS A PRINCESS!!!!! AND SHE IS BEING PULLED IN A CARRIAGE BY HER PRINCE WHO IS ON A HORSE. THEY ARE BOTH SOOOOO CUTE!!!!!!! THIS IS ONE OF THE CUTEST SS DOLLS I HAVE EVER SEEN! THIS IS A DEFINITE MUST-HAVE FOR ME AND FOR ALL SS DOLL LOVERS! BUY HER NOW!!!!!!! 5 VERY BIG VERY BRIGHT & BOLD STARS!!!!!! THIS IS THE BEST!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"Completely satisified with the product received.  It was received very quickly after placining order.  Well satisfied with product and service", 5.0
"I probably play over a hundred games of Solitaire a night.  I have a hard time sleeping but this game, after playing as many as I do, makes me go to sleep.  I haven't read a book in over two months which to me is remarkable because I have read at night ever since Junior High.  I am now 62 and playing Solitaire.  Thank goodness for it", 4.0
"This is a great puppet theater, sound stage, restaurant, play house, etc...  My daughter was 4 when she received this from Santa.  He only wished he had found it sooner!  My daughter continues to love it, and will now be sharing it with her younger sister.  Many hours of pretend have been spent inside and outside this theater.  We especially love it because it is large enough inside for two or more children.  All the others we researched were too small for our needs.  The colors are so vibrant and fun, we get tons of compliments from all our company.  All the kids gravitate towards it", 5.0
"I love this puzzle! It is fun and challenging. I believe that it is a good puzle for anyone who wants a challenge. However I find that there is one problem with it. THERE ARE NO DIMENSIONS TO TELL YOU HOW BIG THE PUZZLE IS AFTER YOU PUT IT TOGRTHER!!! I would appreciate it if dimensions were added to the box. I am sure that anyone else who purchases this puzzle would appreciate it to so that they know if they are going to have to purchase a puzzle mat as well if they order this puzzle. If you like puzzles that are not your everyday puzzle I would recommend that you purchase this puzzle because it would make a worthy addition to any puzzle collection", 5.0
"I love this doll i only saw her in the store and when i did i fell in love with her i cant wait to get her! but i do think its a bit pricey but its worth the money", 5.0
"I understand the people who install car seats who feel this item isn't needed and distrust its lack of crash testing, but my infant car seats are hand-me-downs without LATCH.  My car has LATCH, but does not seem to have the kind of seat belts that stay tight.  My car seat doesn't just get a little loose... you can move it 4 or 5 inches side to side if you try.  It may be that a car seat tech could train me to do a better job with the locking clip, but I can't get it to stop this.  And one of the seats was given to me without a locking clip at all.  I have no problem tightening the seat belt enough - it just won't stay that way.", 5.0
"This product allows me to tighten the car seat enough to meet the "one inch" spec.  Nothing else has.  So it definitely adds to my baby's safety.", 5.0
"Finally- to the car seat techs- with the number of these that have been sold, it doesn't appear that anyone has come forward to say that it failed in a crash.  Just because it hasn't been crash-tested does not mean it is unsafe.  And there is absolutely nothing wrong with aftermarket goods as a rule, tho manufacturers will ALWAYS tell you otherwise", 5.0
"i love bratz, especially ice champions! i want vinessa, and the big ice rink with maribel,the new girl. i'm searching for the new bratz so if anyone knows any other ones except for rodeo sorya,diamondz sharidian, this doll, and maribel, please comment this. i want this girl, she's so pretty! i like how her hair is done and the outfit", 5.0
"I purchased this item when my daughter was one year old, and it was amazing!  My daughter was always a good sleeper, but when she began teething at around 9-10 months old, she began refusing to stay in her crib each night.  I was out of ideas, and my husband and I had tried just about every method we read about without success. Finally, I found the Tomy Star Bright Light, and it was like a miracle worker!  The first night I used it, my daughter put herself to sleep in her crib by staring at the ceiling.  Each night, her sleeping became better and better.  Now, we only run it once for 10 minutes and she falls asleep.  It is a much better approach then allowing your child to "cry it out".  She actually enjoys going to sleep now and looks forward to watching the light show before she falls asleep.", 5.0
"Grandchildren just about wore it out putting it together so many times...", 5.0
"We bought this puzzle for my then 2 year old as he had mastered the barn puzzle (which is also amazing).  There are monkeys, tigers, butterflies, and numerous other jungle animals.  I had to look up several of the animals as I was not sure of what they were.  This was a good educational experience for both me and my son.  This puzzle is durable as are all of the M&D floor puzzles.  It has been stepped on and thrown across the room by a highly rambunctions child.  I have had this puzzle for over a year, and it looks great.  I rotate this puzzle with the other Melissa and Doug floor puzzzles that we have.  I recommend any of their floor puzzles as they are great quality and have easy to handle pieces for kids.  They are a great opportunity to teach about different subjects and teach new words to children", 5.0
"I bought this for my 4 1/2 yr old daughter for xmas and she was extremely impressed along with myself.  It's exactly like the "real thing" just smaller! Very durable, colorful, and fun! It's great to use with the Zapf Creation dolls that tend to weigh more than a smaller baby doll b/c the car seat is so sturdy. Unlike most car seats this doesn't collapse and fold up whenever you actually try to carry it by the handle! It is definately worth the price", 5.0
"You might be disappointed if you were expecting the exact same thing as the original 1984 Optimus Prime toy (or wanted a trailer for the truck), but this is an updated version of the original character, as opposed to a remake, and is superior in many ways. It is durable, detailed, well-articulated, and fun, especially with the truck parts forming weapons for the robot. I'd recommend it for kids and nostalgic adults alike", 2.0
"This product is not the best ever created, as the Roxxi doll that comes with it is not the prettiest of Bratz dolls. She has huge black and red streaks in her hair, as well as an oddly-shaped head. However, one gets used to her and can even find her pretty. The stage itself is a great product, but plugging it in to your stereo is more confusing than you might think. This playset comes with a microphone that is different from the regular Rock Angelz microphone, as it is gray and of a different style. Also included is a faux-snakeskin chair, Roxxi, a guitar, and a few accessories, like bottled water and make up compacts. The stage itself is rather nice, and I strongly suggest the Instrumentz if you buy this. However, be warned that it is not the BEST of Bratz products, despite its appeal. It's rather nice, though. :", 2.0
"I love this nativity even though it I think it is pricey.  There are no other ones like it.  They are Fisher Price Little People so you know they will hold up forever!  There aren't any other plastic nativity sets out there. Get the set that plays the song when you place the angel on top of the stable. It is so worth the price when you know they will play with it every year. I even take this to church when I teach my 3and4yr old class about Jesus birth.  They LOVE it", 5.0
"My niece was learning about the birth of Christ at school when I got her this Nativity Set.  She was so happy and it was so easy for me to continue teaching her about the birth of Christ and Christmas.  Thanks - I was very satisfied with this item and so was my niece", 4.0
"My 5 and 7 year olds have gotten a lot of use out of this toy. It is a strong microphone and seems to be made very well. They love to pretend to be rock stars! My only complaint about the toy is there is no volume control.... so you only get one level...LOUD. I would recommend it for any child that likes to sing", 5.0
"I don't understand why they are so offensive to people. I am Christian, and I lvoe all three Midnight Dance dolls. I think they are more 'Phantom of the Opera' than 'Sadistic Satinist'.", 4.0
"Meygan is my favorite, but Yasmin is still beautiful. These dolls are gourgeous", 5.0
"I bought this Brio train set for my 2 1/2 year old niece over Christmas, and she absolutely loves it!  It's a great starter set and can be expanded with other Brio track sets.  Very easy to put together and the pieces are durable.  Makes a great gift", 5.0
"I bought this play tent for my 15-month old daughter for Christmas.  She loves going through the curtain entrances and plays peek a boo through the little window.  She's a little rough on the door, not realizing the door opens outward.  But she's a little young still to understand the full extent of the play tent.  All in all, worth the money", 5.0
"Nuparu is SWEET! But, sadly, his skull does not glow in the dark. Nuparu has black/gray armor, a light up sword with a strobe effect, two claws, and a Zamor sphere launcher attached to his back. You must be careful with the zamor spheres, though, because they're easy to lose. Now I have Toa Matoro and Toa Nuparu! YOU HAVR TO BUY THIS TOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"I bought my son this toy after reading all the bad reviews.I agree that you cant reach all the buttons in the time allocated but he loves it and watches it move round the room. I recommend this product for 9 month olds", 5.0
"I LOVE this thing! GREAT product, GREAT deal, GREAT times to look forward to with my grandson - he simply goes nuts over it! Thanks", 5.0
"Bought Blue, Majenta and Periwinkle for my 2 youngest.  The kids love them!  I have been purchasing Ty products since their inception about 10 years age.  I am so glad the've branched into some characters my kids love: Blue's Clue's and Backyardigans.  Looking forward to more in the Blue's Clue's line!", 5.0
"Damn! I just got the yostick and took it to the local gym and streets to demo some new tricks.  At first I had some doubts about the durability of it but after some heavy duty urban testing, it's still mad tricking.  In other words, I've been trying pretty hard to break it.  For it's price, the yostick is incredible fun.  In an age of pricey video-games, $10.99 is not a high price for something that provides exercise, fun and an introduction to the movement and breathing rhythms of martial arts.  A value-priced training tool, not a toy at all.  The movement required by the yostick will help martial arts beginners have fun while learning precise hand-eye controls.  The ends are fitted with rubber tips making it a joy to trick directly off the ground.  Looking forward to collecting other models. Enjoy It", 4.0
"if ya trade toon worldu can use toons as regular monsters and the it wont make yacange the other guy plays toon world it jes works for if u play itand it plays on on the opone", 4.0
"My friends and I, all in college, are major movie buffs, so when another friend told me about the game, I was eager to try it.  Some parts are tough, but with the team setup of the game, it seems to even out.  Favourite rounds were Still Crazy: a round where scenes are built piece by piece, a word association round: 6 clues are provided and the idea is to name the movie, and the quotes round, of course!  The hardest rounds were the matching and the trivia rounds.  Still, we had great fun.  Its better if the teams are evenly matched, then its more fun.  The main objection I have is that in the 8 rounds, many of the movies are dated and overused.  There are great ones, though...Rain Man, Cast Away!!  Also, this game is linear in progression, there is no variation in the order of the questions.  Scoring uses the honour system.  There are 3 games, each lasting around 45 minutes at the very fastest, its the same as the cost of a regular DVD and is much more fun with lots of people.  I have bought this for several people and some of my friends have as well.  Recently I played a game where a 12 year old and an 82 year old were playing so don't worry about the age thing, both enjoyed it.  Really, I recommend it", 5.0
"Best price I saw for this doll and it came in the mail in a very short time, wrapped securely. I love when you can shop online, beat the crowds and get quality merchandise. Beautiful doll too", 5.0
"I bought this for my son for Christmas, which at the time he was only 14 months old.  The age says from 18 months.  The problem is he can't hold the button down to make it go so I have to walk around the train and hold the button for him.  We had a playgroup over and there were kids that were over 2 years old and they couldn't hold the button down either.  Overall my son loves it but its not age appropriate for him.", 5.0
"Also, this toy is cheaper at Toys-R-Us.  I got ours when it was on sale for $[...].  After Christmas they had them on sale half off for $[...]", 5.0
"This Angel is sure to be a gem in any collectors collection. She is elegant and graceful. Her gown in beautiful as well as her spiral curled hair. She is adorned in a golden head chain. She has a chain sash which is also part of her gown. At last she is given beautiful golden wings and holds a bouquet of flowers. This one will definately be worth the value in the years to come", 5.0
"THIS IS A VERY BEAUTIFUL DOLL. I LOVE DOLLS, BARBIE AND I ALSO LOVE ANGELS. UNFORTUNATELY THIS DOLL IS ALSO VERYYYYY EXPENSIVE! I WOUDL LOVE TO HAVE HER BUT NOT AT THIS PRICE. I WILL WAIT UNTIL THE PRICE DROPS OR I WILL LOOK FOR HER ON E-BAY. I WILL NOT PAY OVER 40 DOLLARS FOR THIS DOLL. NO MATTER HOW PRETTY SHE IS! I DO GIVER HER 5 STARS THOUGH. VERY NICE DOLL", 5.0
"As with all the leap frog products, this ones a lot of fun. Packed full of learning surprises. I have always felt that making learning fun and easy cuts down on the fact that it's 'work'. The Birthday Surprise is fun and full of rhyming words, that make little one want to learn. I have a hard time giving any leapfrog products anything but a 5 star rating, because of the quality in all their products.", 5.0
"Learning last a lifetime, so get them started with fun friends from Leap Frog.", 4.0
"This case is nice and tough, it holds all the accessories for the FP3 player securely.  I gave it 4 stars because I think things like FP3 players need a home and it serves that purpose great.  It matches with the player and is built to withstand kids.  I did take a star off my rating because, as it does have a smallish loop to hold it by, it should really have a handle.  Little hands need something easy to hold on to, and the little loop does not suffice for any purpose I could see", 5.0
"My three children are huge fans of Melissa and Doug puzzles and with as many as we own we sure needed a way to store them neatly.  Being an organization freak myself, I was in search of the perfect storage case.  Not only did it need to hold many puzzles, but it needed to be made well and look nice too.  Melissa and Doug to the rescue - once again!  We purchased the same storage case in natural and it's been a life saver in our toy room - it makes it easy for them to put the puzzles away without them losing pieces anymore.  You might find it hard to spend $30 on an empty storage case so I suggest looking for the storage case that comes with six puzzles for $60 instead.  More for your money!  In our case, we own so many puzzles that we didn't need anymore and especially duplicates of what we already have", 5.0
"I bought this bed for my two year old because he got too big for his crib.  He moves around A LOT in his sleep so I wanted a safe first bed for him.  He absolutely loves this bed and actually he is sleeping much better now than he was before.  The only problem was that the mattress and box spring we bought were too high, so we just use the mattress for now. Eventually we'll put the box spring back in.", 5.0
"1. Tape as many Jenga sticks together with masking tape on one side to support a favorite picture that you would like to turn into a special puzzle.", 5.0
"2. Have your child find a any picture they would like to turn into a puzzle (even a favorite photo can work.)", 5.0
"3. Glue whole picture to opposite side of masked taped Jenga.", 5.0
"4. Shellac and allow to dry", 5.0
"5. Use excto knife and cut the picture apart.", 4.0
"6. Remove tape and voila`--your own hand-made puzzle!", 5.0
"Even toddlers can put a 5 piece puzzle of an animal or fruit together and they love creating their own puzzle! Enjoy! Aloha", 4.0
"Using his superior intellect and quick wit, Einstein takes on all evil doers who dare to engage him in combat. With the energy stored in the mass contained within his mighty chalk piece that he raises confidently in his right hand he commands the vast power of mathematics to defeat those who dare to forget to carry the one", 5.0
"I purchased this toy for my 2 year old son. He absolutely loves it! He had played with it before because his older cousin has one. I had searched in stores around me wanting to buy it but no one had it. Sure enough I found it on Amazon. It's a lot of fun to play with and he just loves to rock out with it. I definately recommend this toy", 4.0
"MY GRANDDAUGHTER REQUESTED THIS FOR CHRISTMAS, AND I HAD A HARD TIME FINDING IT UNTIL I CHECKED THE AMAZON SITE..IT'S JUST WHAT SHE WANTE", 5.0
"I purchased this Train Case for my son last Christmas, (age 6).  It is very sturdy, with handle.  I like that all the trains can be put into one place and carried away simply/easily.  Those moms like myself, when your child has finished playing, there is now a place for them to put their trains in.  The 'metal' case is a great added bonus, the trains have the magnetic ends and they easily go into case.  Next play time, the trains are all in one spot. Thomas, come up with a place like this for the track - I need it", 4.0
"These dolls rock! I love Nona. She's really cool! I also love Tess. She rocks! If you put them together, they're double cool", 5.0
"I like Bratz Twiins,and I love Tess and Nona.I like Nona very much.I love her clothes.I also like Tess.I think she is very COOL!I might include these COOL Bratz Twiins on my wish list.", 4.0
"SARA SIBLINI!!!", 5.0
"MY SCENE LOVER!!!", 5.0
"BRATZ LOVER!!!", 5.0
"*FOREVER", 2.0
"I bought the Harry Potter Magic Puzzles for my nieces and I scored some major brownie points.  They loved this at first because it was about their hero, Harry Potter, however, they play with it for hours on end.  Putting the puzzles together is fun in itself, but then there are the cool magic tricks and the VERY COOL optical illusion using the spiral disk too.  This is great for any kid interested in magic, as well jigsaw puzzles and Harry!  A big thumbs up", 4.0
"everything was great! great bed, easy to assemble, my son loves it. Though he still wants to sleep in my bed, but he does play in it, that's a good sign, huh", 5.0
"I was very happy with the product I purchased and I received it in a timely fashion.  The product was not worn nor used.  It was as if I bought it at the store at a lower cost.  It was a win/win for me.", 5.0
"Thank you", 5.0
"Our 3 children have had hours of fun with this toy during the 2+ years we've had it in our home.  True, the food is long gone (cardboard boxes - toddlers - no surprise there).  We've also needed lash the front piece on with some string (again, it's not constructed to be a bumper car but toddlers don't often keep their play inside the box).  The simple design means that when they twist it beyond reason, it's flexible enough for me to pop it back into alignment.  It's small enough to be comfortable for the 2 year old to push(for hours), and close enough to the real thing to remain interesting for a 5-6 year old.  It's gender neutral, forgiving enough to go down a flight of stairs (repeatedly) without breaking, light enough to not squish whatever's at the bottom.... and sometimes they do even use it to play grocery", 4.0
"I bought two of these trucks for my twin boys when they were 16 months old.  They loved it so much and the bubbles come out the front for added fun. The music and lots of buttons to push, a storage under the seat and a fire helmet makes this a fabulous toy. My boys are now 27 months and have not stopped playing with this truck!!  Its great, buy it, buy it!", 4.0
"My kids (4.5 and 1) love this car. The sounds it makes are great. They take turns riding on it and the other one pushing. It is quite durable and they play with it all the time. Only negative is that some of the stickers peeled off. Overall, it's a great toy and the kids play with it every day", 5.0
"He's into firetrucks and Mickey Mouse so you couldn't ask for a better toy.  It's small enough to ride around the house without running into everything, but also durable enough to play outside with. It's the first thing he goes for in the morning and the last thing he's playing with at night (most days)", 4.0
"This is the Optimus Prime that should have been made 20 years age. It was a difficult decision whether to open it or save it in the original packaging. Finally nostalgia won out and I had to transform him. It was amazing. The transformation took time but it was worth the wait. I felt like a kid again. I am totally satified with this product.", 2.0
"theres a few things the are nice about this prime and things that arent", 1.0
"pros:extrem detail coloring is good megatron rifle is sweet mouth moves", 4.0
"cons:primes regular gun will barley fit in primes hands bit more platic then die cast a pain to transform pushing legs in most of all sound base sounds like a ultra magnus mixed with prime", 5.0
"I can find more cons then pros I would ONLY get this toy for some one 11 or older not somebody who goes all wild and takes there toys every where oh wait another PRO!:primes leg vents open when you stand him u", 2.0
"I just transformed it for the first time into a truck. It was challenging but doable. Probably one of the coolest toys ever, but I was an 80's child. As someone else mentioned, the grill in front does not quite align with the cab windows when it's all set, but other than that it's great. Tremendous amount of detail (moveable leg vents, head, mouth, individual fingers/thumb poseable, light behind Matrix, datacom interface, working shocks on the wheels, and accessories). It's quite tall and heavy for a toy- very impressive. If a piece snaps off from forcing it the wrong way, it is designed to snap back on. I never got to own a Transformer as a teen but my lost childhood is now officially redeemed. This will adorn my office cube as a conversation piece", 1.0
"The instructions could of been better on the hooks and the net but you could figure it out. You had to take the target out that they gave you because if you hit it it would slow the ball down. Then you just put ribbon on the outline of the other target. Otherwise I it is holding up great  so far!", 1.0
"My son saved and bought this with his own money.", 1.0
"Very durable, great for catching practice my son is always in the yard playing with it", 5.0
"I've been wanting this forever and when I got it,it was totally AWSOME!! First it comes with a really,really cool chair (that you are going to LOVE!),it also comes with a SWEET guitar with amp (FYI. the amp has some really cool stickers on it) and it also includes two (2) guitar magazines. I truly LOVE this piece mainly because I've always wanted an amp for my guitars. Oh,I HIGHLY,HIGHLY recommend this you'll LOVE it! Well hope this helps. :)", 4.0
"I purchased this as a birthday gift for my 11 year old grandson. I knew it would be a hit as my son had received it as a gift from his grandparents as a child and was entertained for hours with it. It did not lose it's charm for 11 year old boys through the years. My grandson was thrilled with it as well. Just enough challenge to keep their interest", 5.0
"Our three Asian-American granddaughters got these today for Christmas and they love them! Ignore the 5-star reviews that trash these cute little dolls, then try to steer you to eBay for another doll. These are the genuine article and kids LOVE them, as they have for generations. Our thirty-plus daughter-in-law still has her original Cabbage Patch doll, and she still loves it, just as her daughters loved theirs today", 5.0
"The game is fun....we played it when we lost electricity during Hurricane Isabel and was kept entertained! I dont know if I would take everything in the game as seriously as everyone else is, writing bad reviews. If you look to a board game for "truth" in life, youre not going to get far! This game is fun and makes you think and re-think what you THINK you know! I suggest it for teens", 5.0
"My daughter received this toy for her fourth birthday.  She plays with it all the time!!!  It didn't come with any tapes and honestly she doesn't need them!  She spends quite some time speaking into the microphone and using the slide to change the sound of her voice.  It is so funny!  We all get a kick out of it.  There are several different sounds to choose from.  Even her two year old twin sisters get into the act.  They love it.", 5.0
"Love this toy.  It's extremely durable.  Would absolutely recommend this", 5.0
"I have a three year old son, he loves these take along toys. We take them every where with us. The tracks stay together very well we move them from room to room and never have to take them apart. We have almost every part of the Take Along Thomas the Train items", 4.0
"I played this game at a Super Bowl party and decided to order one for myself.  My 8 year-old loved playing it and we recently took it to a family reunion and everyone there liked it too", 4.0
"The game is good for all ages.  The train sounds are really great for kids.  It is fun for a holiday or any kind of group gathering", 5.0
"Yes, all the princess need a prince to fight over.  We had a blonde to do the honors but the girls are much happier having 2 competing males to do the honors.  His clothes are easy to get on and he is as dashing as they come.  Need to find one more less european prince to finish the collection", 4.0
"I bought this house for my daughter who will be 3 in 2 month's.  I did a lot of research and was torn between the twin town house and this one the Loving Family Sweet Sound's house. At first I almost went with the My first doll house by Fisher Price but was told by a friend she would proberly grow out of that fast and she was right.  This house the Sweet Sound's is a perfect size for her and I know she will get quite a few year's out of it.  Yes the Furniture is impossible to find.  After reading the review's I didn't look for it much knowing I would never find it.  I ended up buying her the Twin town's bathroom and a few pieces from the My first doll house by Fisher Price.  The pieces work perfect together and are chunkier for her and not so many tiny pieces.  They work great with the doll's that come with it too.  I did also purchase one doll set from twin town house.  The house does make some sound's with just the pieces that come with it, they are cute and my daughter doesn't know any better that it would make more if we could of found the correct sweet sounds furniture.  She's Happy with the way it is. I decided against the Twin Town because I agreed with some reviewers after looking at it that the room's were too tiny.  Yes you get more room's but my daughter I know would get so frusterated with alway's knocking the furniture over in those tiny room's.  This house has big room's.  It fold's up easy in half but not so good when it is filled with furniture.  We leave it open anyway's so that is not a big deal.  It was easy put together but the sticker's took about and hour to put on.  Also a note make sure and put the battery in BEFORE you fill it with furniture, I put the battery in last and ended up spilling the furniture everywhere.", 1.0
"  Also I didn't see any one mention the front door.  I am not really sure why but it doesn't open from the outside, only from the inside.  You can open it from the outside but you have to pull it very hard and really aren't supose to open it that way.  Why not be able to open it both way's???  I guess their thinking is so if you are moving it so the door doesn't swing open but they could of put a little latch on it so you could of closed it shut when you wanted.", 4.0
"  Also I am not sure what room is supose to be the bathroom.  I think it is either the bedroom or above that which I thought was the kid's playroom.  I ended up putting the bathroom in the right side of the bathroom.", 5.0
"All in all I think is is a great doll house and I would recommend it", 4.0
"This Emperor Penguin Puppet is a real hit with my 5 year old.  We almost never use it as a puppet but rather as a plush toy/pal.  This penguin looks round and pregnant, but to my kid, this penguin is a perfect friend.  He has pretty much outgrown all of his plush toys, but for some reason, this one has a place in his heart and in his imagination", 4.0
"I have an infant in-home daycare and needed a quad stoller for my four babies.  When I first found these connectors, no one could tell me if they would connect two tandem double strollers together.  I asked every store in town almost (some didn't even know what they were!). I just decided to buy them and hoped that they would work.  So I went out and bought two Kolcraft Lil' Limo strollers, not knowing, of course, if it would work or not.  I'm happy to say that they seem to work really well!  I did have to buy a second set, though, so I have five connectors on mine(couldn't find room for the sixth one).  Just lock the two inner front wheels so they can't turn and you're off!  It is a little hard to turn corners(just take them at a wide angle), but otherwise it works great!  I ended up spending just under [price] for the total cost of it, much less buying an actual quad stroller.  I hope this info will be helpful to someone else also. Good luck", 5.0
"I just got the whole set of geotrax and really think they look great and way cheaper than Thomas however the round housecan only hold one train at a time so it derails the train if you have more than one locomotive. they really need to add the reverse as well so they kids and me ( mom ) LOL can really make use of all the options. However, overall I really love this toy but yes I had to convert my office room into the Geotrax room. be ready to do this if not stick to the basic set up. Its very hard though since it all is so coo", 4.0
"I was very pleased when this toy finally arrived.  The Blue Devil is removable and semi-posable (his arms move).  He is the same size as the Simpson figures from the Playmates line of toys, so I feel like he was made with collectors of those figures in mind.  The Homer donut-eating action doesn't always work correctly--the mouth and donuts aren't correctly synchronized, so sometimes the donuts miss his mouth--but that does not detract from the fun", 4.0
"Classic, durable, fun, educational -- for kids of all ages, including me", 4.0
"I played "Atmosfear, The Harbingers" on VHS in the mid-90s and several years later bought a copy of the game through ebay.  Then, I saw this DVD update and gave in to temptation when the price was marked down.  Here's my judgement: 1) The mechanics have been simplified.  This has it's pros and cons.  It could have been made easier to learn without removing as many components.  2) The gatekeeper has less of a nasty/funny balance in the DVD update.  3) It is a major upswing to have his dialogue randomly disbursed.", 1.0
"One reviewer seemed to think the game was boring.  I'll guess, instead, that the people he parties with don't have the attention span for board games.  Too bad for them.  Atmosfear - The DVD Board Game get's a B+ from me", 4.0
"      This is a well thought of game.  A game where the players play along with the DVD as the Gatemaster gives you commands, rewards, or punishiments while they are playing the game.  Players can also watch the rules and the setup instructions on the DVD.  Six keys of six different types will be laid out on some of the spaces, as your goal is to get one of each type and rush to the center before 49 minutes is up.  If neither player wins in 49 minutes, the Gate master has defeated you.  In the beginning you write down your fears and reveal them at the end which is always fun.  The board has six territories.  Each character owns a territory which has a set of the same keys.  You can pick up a key by landing on the key space, having a card telling you to, gate master telling you to, or winning a duel.  A duel is when you land on a battle space and 2 players wager a key for a dice roll to see who gets both.  There are two types of cards... TIME and FATE.  Land on a skull head and get a FATE card which allows you to do something in a certain situation.  A TIME card you get if you land on a clock.  A time card allows you to do something if you play it in the exact second it tells you to. Sometimes the Gate master will give you the power to banish someone.  When there is reward, there is also punisment.  If you land on the cursed key, you have to pick it up and whenever you have it, you cannot win.  If you are landed into a black hole, you cannot participate until you are freed.  Also, you can lose keys.  During the game the Gate master says "Stop!" frequently and the players will have to lisen to what he says or be punished.  All in all, it is one of the best games out there and well worth the money.", 5.0
"The 1st version of this game was a fun and exiting game for my family. but we soon got bored of the same video over and over. We could not believe it when we saw a new version of the game out, we rushed out to buy it and found this version not the same and not as complicated or as fun as the first they should have just released the first version of the game with new dvd setup it was a waste of money", 5.0
"This toy is wonderful for several reasons. For one thing, it's really the only shape sorter your child will ever need. It has very basic shape sorting (with cut out holes in the sides and one door that can be opened for any shape block to go in), plus pretty complex shape sorting when you open various locks.", 5.0
"The toy also helps teach colors and animals, and the locks develop fine motor skills even further.", 1.0
"Overall, this toy is very well made. It's real wood, dove tailed together. It could, of course, fall over, but if your child is the 18 months or older that is recommended for this toy, he or she probably isn't small enough for it to hurt. The locks on this toy are a little more chintzy. They wobble, which makes locking or unlocking some of them more difficult...But you could look at this as just another learning tool.", 4.0
"My biggest concern is that the blocks are relatively small; they could squeeze through a toilet paper tube. This means they are a potential choking hazard, so you'll want to supervise when your child uses this toy.", 4.0
"All that said, my 20 month old LOVES this toy and plays with it more than anything else she has", 4.0
"As a mother of 5, this toy has proven to be one of my favorites of all time.  My son received it for Christmas (at age 2 months) and it has been wonderful.  We place it in his bed at naps and at night, and he goes to sleep watching and listening to it.  When he wakes up, it is there for him to play with.  As he has grown (he is now 7 months), he has become increasingly more interested in the sounds and textures of the toy, and now puts the corners in his mouth which has helped with teething.  I have been impressed with the sound quality (it is not annoying like most musical children's toys) and I will be anxious to see if it causes my son to love music on a different level.  LOVE THIS TOY!", 4.0
"My six month old enjoys this.  It can keep him occupied for 10-15 minutes at a time, and the music is quite pleasant and soft.  Good toy", 4.0
"I bought this for my 6 month old granddaughter and she loves it! The music quality is great and she really enjoys the lights. It has a very sweet face and she smiles and talks to it a lot. I got it on clearance which is good because as cute as it is, I don't think it is worth the original price. I would definately recommend it if you can get it on sale", 4.0
"This doll is cute and fun to play with. My daughter loves it. I like these dolls better then bratz. They need to make more dolls that are dressed the way kids are. I think that Lil does. Im happy and my daughter has a toy I think will be around for a long time.", 4.0
"It is a very nice product. I bought if for my 1 year old grandbaby to take to nursery with him. I put in pictures of the family so he could look at them with his teachers. My daughter says it very useful, and he is adapting to his nursery quicker.", 5.0
"This is a super fun toy that my daughter has had now for over a year. If you can find it ANYWHERE I would highly recommend it. It plays pre-programmed songs plus your child can also be her own musician and even record her music for playback. The microphone is nice for aspiring American Idols (like my daughter!) and it really is pretty. We did lose the dancing Cinderella with Prince Charming, but while we had it is was beautiful to watch them dance while the piano played. It also does a pretty light show. I cannot give this toy enough stars as it is a really wonderful toy for 3-6 year old girls", 1.0
"I got this yesterday for my daughters (3 & 6 years old), and they like it very much...let's see how long that lasts.", 5.0
"The space is kind of cramped, but both of them fit in there with a few dolls, so I wouldn't complain about that.  Setting it up was pretty easy, and although it has almost no stability (it gets toppled every couple of minutes or so), that doesn't seem to take away the fun from it.", 5.0
"However, there were a couple of surprises for me:", 5.0
"a)  The product I got is very different from the picture in the advertisement.  It is still shaped like a castle and has the Disney Princesses and all, but it is just different.  I am not complaining, my girls like it a lot.", 4.0
"b)  As I said before, setting it up was fairly easy (just keep your face away as you take it out of the box, for it will spring out on you VERY FAST), but, trying to disassemble it and putting it away is a completely different story.  For that, you have to remove 4 rods (which were not so easy to insert in the first place), and then, you have to fold the thing away twisting it in a way that only experienced snake handlers would be expected of being able to do so (I don't care how easy it should be according to the instructions).  I tried it for about 20 minutes until I gave up.  And, if you don't keep the box this thing came in, just forget about storing it folded, it would be like trying to keep a "Jack in the Box" compressed without the "Box".  Think about it.", 5.0
"So, if you don't mind adding this to the permanent decor of your house, go for it, your girls will probably like it.", 5.0
"My 2 year old daughter recently recieved this as a present from her grandparents. She loves the disney princesses and was ver excited. I was happy to see how easy it was to put up and take down, she plays with it in her room almost everyday and I love the fact that we can take it down before she goes to sleep. Overall we are very pleased with this tent, although it would be nice if it was a bit bigger so that I could play in there with her", 4.0
"I was disappointed when I opened the box and set up the tent because it was much smaller than I expected it to be. My friend's daughter has an almost identical tent which is much bigger. Apparently there are two different kinds, one made by Playhut and one made by The Disney Store", 5.0
"I gave this as a gift to a friend who is a huge fan. I've never seen a 29 year old so happy as he made the whoosh noise as Starscream flew around in jet form. Great quality, durable, and fun to play with", 5.0
"I just gotten this yesterday for my 12th birthday and I love her so much! She is beautfiul and her hair is so soft, the clothes are adorable and she comes with a poster that comes in a accesorie bag for all of you Bratz Kidz accessories! This doll is the best! I am going to get the other Bratz Kidz for Christmas!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"We received Boggle Jr as a gift at Christmas. My daughter is almost four and absolutely loves this game. She is learning her words and is learning to spell. This is a wonderful game for learning picture recognition and verbalization and moving on to spelling three and four letter words. I told my sister and she requested it for her son. He's a happy camper with the game, too", 5.0
"My son is 4 1/2 and he loved the set.  He and his dad set it up on Christmas and enjoyed ringing the bell.  I would recommend this for kids any age", 5.0
"The Suduko Board Game is the perfect gift for the older kids on your lists.  It is well made and can be played by one or two so they can use it alone or with friends.  Since it is wood it will last a long time whether it is being played by middle schoolers or college kids. Also, I paid $17.99 for this and have not found it anywhere near this price.  It is usually $29.99 to $39.99 for the exact same game", 5.0
"My little cousin sarah loves this toy. i bought it at wal-mart in springfield. it works with or without water and features realistic sounds. i am now on my way to purchase another for my 6 year old cousin sean", 5.0
"My 6 year old loves this. yes it is small but who wants a big toy around the house this can go right on a shelf when not being played with I would get it again if I did not already have it", 2.0
"This doll is so beautful. Back off everybody, I am the bratz number 1 fan with over 120 of them! Seriously, and thats not all, I go on the website 4 hours a day, and am collecting bratz babyz and have many bratz furniture. Consider me the bratz expert.", 5.0
"OK so hi everybody! I'm here to give you some tips 'n' tricks as well as handy hints on this particular talking bratz doll, who is my fave character YASMIN!", 5.0
"This doll, for starters, is a mixture of diferent bratz collections.  She has a bratz princess T-Shirt, wildwest cowboy a-go-go boots, forever diamonds fur, Bratz Fabulous coat and Passion For Fashion miniskirt. I mean Whoa! If you wanted to buy any of those dolls listed above, just get this! She is a mixture of all!", 5.0
"Secondly, she talks! Which is great. She is also interactive, saying over 125 phrases. If you place her with other talking bratz dolls, she will get excited and start to have a conversation! She can also talk to you if you are lonely. She has a sensor so she 'knows' what yor saying and can give a correct answer!", 5.0
"Also, she'll be your best friend at nightime. her lips light up while she speaks! The base at the bottom can be removed so she can be like a regular bratz doll! If you, however, press the button on the base, her lips wll still light up as she speaks.", 5.0
"And at only $19.99 , parents, all of you parents out there, you don't know what your missing", 4.0
"My 6 year old loves this toy.  She made all 3 bears at one time.  My husband helped her.  They are well made and close up in the back with a zipper and special tool, so they do not come undone unless you want to open them and re-stuff them", 4.0
"We bought my son a couple of starfighters, the tri-fighter, the AT-RT, and the wheel bike.  He loves the starfighters and likes the AT-RT a little.  He rarely plays with the wheel bike.  I think the starfighters are just simpler, sturdier, and easier to play with.  The wheel bike (and to a smaller extent the AT-RT) are more complicated, and thus less fun for a 5-year old.", 4.0
"We run around having mock dog-fights with the starfighters, but poor old General Grievous sits in the toy box.", 4.0
"Overall, probably good for older kids who can more expertly manipulate the legs and other stuff, but not all that fun for the younger guys", 5.0
"These blocks are so great! They've gone through their different stages of growth. They learned to reach for them, peek inside, grasp them, toss them around and now stacking them to make towers. My triplets are 20 mos and have had them for about a year. Love them all", 5.0
"All of the peek a blocks are fun. Although each set has a different 'theme' they are very similar and enjoyable to play with.", 5.0
"These blocks are great fun. Each block has something interesting inside it. In our house these have been played with by boys and pretty roughly at times. The windows to see inside are still clear and not one of these blocks have broken. So I would say they are sturdy and hold up well to normal play.", 5.0
"On the ends of each block is a texture. Within each block is something interesting. And many blocks have an activity associated with it- push a button to make a noise, twist a knob to make something turn around etc.", 5.0
"The one thing I would warn is that these blocks do not stack well, particularly in tall towers. So if you are thinking of buying these for tower building, I'd consider a different set of blocks. Otherwise, these are excellent toys.", 1.0
"They provide a basis for communication and vocubulary building with your child. They are sturdy and encourage language, eye hand coordination and so on.", 5.0
"If you enjoy toys that are fairly quiet, do more than have a push button to make a noise, foster independent creative play and exploration of the world this is an excellent toy.", 4.0
"Enjoy.", 4.0
"Fisher-Price is bringing back old time well-made toy construction with their Peek a Blocks! I have 4 kids who are 5 and under, and I have to say that they ALL get use out of these blocks! If you love Peek a Blocks, please feel free to join my Peek a Blocks group at Yahoo Groups:", 4.0
"http://groups.yahoo.com/group/fisherpricepeekablocks/", 5.0
"It is completely free and we have been having some interesting discussions on there about unknown secrets of Peek a Blocks!", 5.0
"My daughter has trouble concentrating in school. I got this for her birthday and her grades instantly improved to the point where her teacher stated that there was a noticable improvement in all areas of her work. The best thing about it is that I don't have to tell her to use it because she loves it. I told her it's just like having a laptop because she always wanted a computer of her own. This is as close as I'm willing to get concenrning her having her own computer at her age, plus it's a minute fraction of the price of a personal laptop.", 4.0
"For children who don't have a hard time in school, this may not be for them but for my daughter it is a whole lot of what I needed to help me help her learn. I just wish I could find an adapter.", 1.0
"First I have to say Thank You to Amazon for having this game. This was on my daughter's Christmas list and Amazon was the only place I could find it. Second, my daughter loves this game and so do her friends. They have played the game more than any other she received", 5.0
"My baby is only a year old and has a blast playing in his tent and tunnel.", 5.0
"MY TWO YEAR OLD SON GOT THIS POOH BEAR FOR A &quot;BIRTH&quot; GIFT.  HE BRINGS HIM EVERYWHERE.  IT'S GREAT BECAUSE IT DOESN'T TAKE UP MUCH ROOM.  HE HAS TWO NOW, BUT LET ME TELL YOU HE CAN TELL THEM APART!!!  THE TAG ON HIS &quot;FIRST&quot; ONE IS SLIGHTLY MORE WORN AFTER COUNTLESS WASHINGS AND HE LIKES THAT ONE BEST.  THE &quot;OTHER ONE POOH BEAR&quot; AS HE CALLS IT, WORKS ONLY IN EMERGENCIES.  MY 9 MO. OLD DAUGHTER IS GETTING THE PIGLET SINCE SHE LOVES THE POOH TOO BUT THERE WAS NO CHANCE OF MY SON GIVING ONE UP.  BUY THIS TOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 4.0
"i love that soft cat and thought i would get my real cat a friend didnt work oh wel", 5.0
"This product is fun for the whole family. I hope my kids have as much fun as I did with them when I was young", 5.0
"In Boggle, players compete against one another and a 3-minute hourglass to find word combinations across randomly distibuted letter cubes on a 4x4 grid.", 5.0
"The game develops pattern recognition skills, and because most possible words are only three or four letters long, astute younger players can play adults without too much of s handicap.", 5.0
"Tactics learned playing Boggle translate well into success at Scrabble and other word games, while the clock management skills help with chess and test taking.", 5.0
"Boggle is lightweight and makes a good travel game, though you might want to bring a zipper-lock sandwich bag to avoid losing the letter cubes. As an added plus, the game can be played solitaire with minimal dropoff in entertainment value.", 5.0
"If you enjoy Boggle, you might want to seek out Big Boggle, which uses a 5-by-5 grid (56% more cubes). Words and time limit are both longer.", 5.0
"I received this Ty pig as a baby shower gift. My son "discovered" it when he was 18 months old and it's his dearest companion besides his "night-night." Piggy must go for car rides, eat with him, get jammies on and go to the Dr. to have his temperature checked. We love Piggy because when he's covered with milky Cheerios, we can just throw him in the washer and dryer. He's good as new in about an hour. Who wouldn't love that? It's also a great toy for allergy sufferers because it can be thoroughly cleaned regularly to remove dust mites. We love it and my son loves it. Now we ordered a spare Piggy so that there is a Piggy substitute when Piggy is bathing. Enjoy your toddler", 5.0
"We originally bought this game at the Chiricahua National Monument in Arizona for our kids (8 and 10 years old at the time) and they loved it.  We love that it's Monopoly, but one that creates interest in visiting our national parks.", 5.0
"I just bought this doll @ Toys R Us and I was also able to purchase The Hilary Duff Shopping Sisters doll which is supposed to include her sister Haylie Duff which isn't available yet. I have the two other Hilary dolls the first of which was released in 2002 or 2003 and it was a Lizzie McGuire doll which doesn't look much like Hilary at all. Then there was the Hilary dolls released by Playmates which had a more slight resemblance than the first doll. Now Mattel has made a doll of Hilary Duff and it is by far the most visibly accurate doll I've seen. And the clothes and accessories are really cute too. I think a lot of girls would love this doll and possibly older fans too. I'm just waiting for the Haylie Duff doll to debut early next year and her doll also bears a striking resemblance. The dolls are available @ Toys R Us, KB Toys, Wal-Mart all under $20.00.", 5.0
"I think this a great item for a child over 3 1/2.  Since there are 4 puzzles in one box, our son, who just turned 3 has a hard time keeping the pieces separate.  They are symbol coded on the back, so I think once he gets older it will get easier.  He loves the pictures and I love that the pieces are sturdy and how much he is learning.", 5.0
"Highly recommnde", 5.0
"this pony has proved (along with the Princess Promenade) to be one of the most popular of the my little pony's we have bought. It comes with a pink skirt, a pink crown and high heel shoes. The most popular item was the dressing table with revolving mirror and after several months it still hasn't broken despite harsh treatemnt. The pony is white with silver strands through the mane and tail. It was very pretty but the rough treatment really does make the mane matted very quickly. Also, think about getting white pony's very seriously for younger children, While the coloured ones can be drawn on with pen and the stains wiped off and at least partly concealed - on white ponys it is impossible to hide. For the younger ones (3 year olds) it is hard to get them not to at first. Desert Rose was very pretty but is now a bit stained and sorry looking. Never the less she is integral in my children's games still which is nice. One of the more popular ponies we have bought. Generally very hard wearing, including the accessories, the only item which has been broken is the crown which didn't last - it was too thin and got badly bent early on", 5.0
"My daughter had a 12 Dancing Princess party and she LOVED the game.  It's a little tricky for her to do the set up, but she enjoys playing it", 1.0
"My son received these when he was 7 months old and we are loving them!  They're adorable and chunky and work great on carpets or hard floors. They're easy for little hands to hold on to and a couple of them rattle.  When my nephews come over they always find these--and they're 5 and 7", 5.0
"We are huge Blues Clues fans and this is our favorite Blue ever! His is really big and sooooo soft! This buddy is much more cozy than the smaller beanie baby version. He is a great, cuddly, no frills (no buttons to push or batteries to replace) buddy! My toddler sons love this Blue", 1.0
"This little toy is cute. My 11 month old son LOVES BLues Clues and loves this toy. He will hold him on his lap while he watches his favorite show! Its really cute", 5.0
"Bought this for my 2 1/2 year old for Christmas and he loves it.  All you have to do is press a button on the back and it moves it's head and roars.  Very easy for the young kids to do and my little guy loves it", 5.0
"MY CHILDREN LOVED THIS TOY FOR ALL OF (1) HOUR. MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THE MATERIAL. YOU CAN PROBABLY GUESS THIS PUNCTURED ALMOST IMMEDIATELY. I MADE SURE TO CLEAR DEBRIS BEFOREHAND AND IT SEEMS SOMETHING VERY SMALL WOUNDED THIS TOY. I'VE REFILLED IT BUT I'M A LITTLE APPREHENSIVE ON WHERE TO LET MY KIDS USE THIS. IT SEEMS THAT IT TAKES VERY LITTLE TO DISABLE THIS TOY.", 4.0
"This is my favorite game of all time. This is the kind of game my family and i love to play at our beach house every morning. It's a great family game. Really for no one over mabye seven. I recomend this to any family who loves a great game to play with the whole family", 4.0
"My son received this toy for his first birthday!  I will be purchasing it as gifts for all my friends!!  He LOVES pushing the button and listening the the music.  I was wondering if he would be able to figure out the gears, but he has caught on very quickly and loves to take the gears off and put them back on.  He also enjoys stacking the gears up and watching them go around!  I like that it has a handle so he can carry it around with him.  It keeps him involved for up to 20 minutes at a time!", 4.0
"It is very durable as he carries it around, has chewed on the gears (which are made of strong plastic and cannot be marred by chewing on them).", 4.0
"My three year old also likes to play with it!  Her play is a little sofisticated with it as she tries to figure out which gears have to be put where (as in, do they have to be next to the middle spinning one) placed to make them spin and how many can be stacked and they still turn.", 4.0
"My one wish is that Playskool would include a few extra gears.  We have them everyhwere in our house and cannot always find them all.  It would be great if they had a place where you could purchase extra ones for replacements and/or to have extras for stacking.", 5.0
"This is an awesome toy that the kids love, can learn from, and is very durable!  It is a must have!", 5.0
"My one year old has had this toy for about 4 months now and it's still his favorite toy. There is no end to the amount of fun my child has with this toy and he keeps coming up with new ways to play with it. It's hours of endless entertainment!", 5.0
"We've had one in the house for a few years now. The kids (5 and 2-1/2) love it. It's soft, cuddly, and sized just right for them. It's been taken all over the place, has provided companionship for them on many a long trip (including two to South Korea), given comfort when they are sad, and been used for countless hours of make-believe. Its worth has been far more than what was paid for it", 5.0
"A great way to save kids artwork. I use the pockets to organize by grade - it is great", 5.0
"When I ironed my 14M son wanted to play with it. He helps with the house cleaning.  I bought this toy iron that really has an on and off switch, sprays water and pretend buttons.  He loves it and pushes it around the carpet like he is ironing the carpet.  We "play" iron with the water when I have time. This is one toy that I can take anywhere and he stays busy for quite some time.", 4.0
"Sigrid Manon Blake - Ramire", 4.0
"This is one of the few toys, it seems, which has remained fundamentally unchanged since we were children.  The push-stick is shaped a little differently (I remember a thin blue broom stick with an orange or red handle) but otherwise, it is the same.  No electronic sounds or flashing lights have been added - although you can get it that way, too, if you want.  Personally I think these things detract from the imagination building aspects of certain toys.  I'm not saying we have no talking or musical or flashing toys, but it dismays me when these things are added to the classics (think Little People farm etc).", 4.0
"What I love about this toy is it can be ANYTHING.  It's a sweeper!  It's a carpet cleaner!  It's a mop!  It never fails to crack me up when my son comes running after me with his corn popper when I am cleaning.  It's a lawnmower!  So many jobs around the house or yard can be copied with the corn popper.  And if mom or dad isn't up to much, it's still great fun to run around with which means exercise for the kiddies.  It's a solo toy and a playing-with-other-kids toy.  Any time we have other children over to play, the corn popper comes out as they chase each other about the house.", 5.0
"We got this toy when my son was 13 months.  He is now 3y4m and still playing with this toy.  I have seen 5 and 6 year olds still playing with the corn popper.  There are few toys that are so simple and yet offer so much fun.  Sturdy, too - very important as it's bound to be crashed into a few walls.  I can't think of another toy which will give you more bang for your buck - unless you count dirt and measuring spoons and all those other free things that kids so exasperatingly pick over the toys you paid good money for.", 5.0
"I am a little alarmed at the current PRICE listed for this toy, though.  You should not need to pay that much for it.  Occasionally this item becomes hard to find - especially at Christmas - but usually there are tons of them in the stores for around the cost of a President Hamilton.  Right now this is listed for twice that.", 5.0
"This toy is the coolest toy I've ever used! When I have slumber parties I always play music, and my friends always say that I have the coolest boombox. Some of them are even thinking about buying one. I love listening to music on my brand new bratz lips boombox. And this year at my birthday slumber party, I'm gonna play music all night. This toy is just so cool!!!!!!!!", 4.0
"My daughters love this supermarket checkout ! They've had it for a few months and haven't lost interest. I would recommend it for any child who likes to play pretend.  The quality is what I expected...works fine", 5.0
"Bought this game at Books a Million in North Carolina for a mere $10+tax. A very good deal! Although I don't keep up on a lot of contemporary literature, I was able to do pretty well. Within three hours I had all but one pie. One of the teammates did as well. The third of us wasn't as lucky, but it was a fun game nonetheless. As with all board games, the fun is in the company, not knowing all the answers. The questions were good, and yes - tough - but they were tough for all of us, not slanted towards one particular audience.", 4.0
"I would have given this 5 stars except that there really do need to be more question cards. But for $10, three adults had three hours of intelligent entertainment (we went through half of the cards). We got our money's worth", 5.0
"If you are not a literature professor or don't read everything that the library gets in, you will probably find this game extremely difficult. On the other hand, you now have a book list", 5.0
"We live in Alaska and really wanted two of these games to pass on to our married daughters since it has been a holiday tradition to play.  We found them for purchase on Amazon but were displeased at the cost to ship to Alaska.  Although we are part of the US and USPS ships for a reasonable price, we weren't given that option and paid at least double what it could have been.  UPS and FedEx rip off those of us in Alaska while USPS treats us just like everybody in the Lower-48.  Give us a USPS option", 5.0
"We purchased the item hoping that it would be of reasonable size, meaning the food would be closer to "real" size rather than miniature. It was. We also hoped it would be made well and stand up to hopefully more than one generation of use. That remains to be seen, but the stuff is made well and I cannot see it breaking unless you deep-freeze the plastic pieces and hit them with a hammer. Nice texture, nice flexibility, pretty realistic looks. The child it was intended for (age 4 and a bit) plays happily with it, even the older boys (10 and 13) have had a few moments of goofy fun with it", 5.0
"I have two boys, 10 and 12.  The younger one bought a webkinz first and after seeing how much fun he had at the website, the older one asked for one for his birthday.  The website is very kid friendly.  You won't have to worry about what they will see on this website.  It is great fun, and even I play on it!  I highly recommend this for any age child", 4.0
"I purchased this expansion set, along with the Thomas and Friends Water Towr Figure 8 Set, for my 2 year old this past Christmas. The expansion set was an afterthought, prompted in no small part by the manufacturer's promotion running at the time (50% off this set with the purchase of a Figure 8 set).", 5.0
"With the conclusion of many initial hours of intense playtesting (an ongoing process, with no termination in sight), my son agrees that this is an essential choice for any but the most basic (read: boring) wooden railroad layout. This expansion pack comes with switch tracks, and allows little train engineers (and their dads) to reverse directions or explore different parts of the railway. In retrospect, I think that I would have been dissatisfied had I not purchased this set to complement the basic Figure 8 layout, promotional price or not.", 5.0
"As far as the quality, the Learning Curve wooden track is made from hardwood, and is more substantial than many other brands of compatible track (i.e. Maxim, First Learning, etc.). This is a consideration when your child insists on taking the track apart by him/herself to put away. We have already broken a couple of pieces of generic track this way, since the male end of the connectors is a bit weaker than the rest of the track.", 4.0
"Overall, we are quite satisfied with this set, and look forward to many more hours of enjoyment", 5.0
"Wow! This is an excellent deck that lets you automatically get the Harpie Lady Cards, and as well as a monster card based on one of the characters from Legend Of The Mystical Ninja", 5.0
"But I like Sasha and Jade better. She's cute though. She has brown hair with blond highlights and big hazel eyes and her beauty mark looks so cute!", 5.0
"Her first outfit is a pink tank top with a silver necklace design. Her skirt is a strange black, pink, and gold pattern. Her shoes are pink with small gold hearts and a yellow "stone" in the middle.", 4.0
"Her second outfit is a black tank top with a silver chandelier design. Her jeans are light blue with flower designs and a silver and hot pink fringe over it. Her shoes are black mary janes with red designs on them.", 5.0
"Thanks for reading my review! Hope you enjoy her", 5.0
"Our son plays with this board while I'm feeding him.  He's only 20 months, but using this board is helping us introduce the numbers to him.  It's well built.  Arrived in only a couple days.  Our son loves it!", 5.0
"We bought this set for my seven year old boy and we were a bit dissapointed. There are better magic kits out there for the price for older children. (Look at the Marshal Broden Kits by Cadaco). If you have a young child is is four and five though this is a great set. The tricks are easy to work and they are big for small hands. Anyone who has any magic sets or tricks though will find this too simplistic and not as exciting as many of the other kits.", 5.0
"My 3 year old opened this for Christmas and loved it.  Who would have guessed that this little car would have been a bigger hit than a lot of the more expensive things he was given!  It doesn't get stuck on any surface that we've tried it on and drives right over things in its path, which my son thinks is REALLY COOL!  Great toy for a relatively inexpensive price", 5.0
"No bells, no whistles -- Just an action figure with its' own four-wheeler.  It can capture the mind of a car-obsessed 6 year old boy for an hour at a time at least :-)  Some of the objects that the action figure is supposed to hold don't stay in his hand very well, but oh well -- it seems that all my nephew wanted to do was crach the thing anyway!  And it takes that quite well.", 5.0
"My son received this one as well as the other colorfelt toy.  He was not impressed with it in regards to playing with it on his own.", 1.0
"It does work well for teaching and using it as a toy that we can play together.", 1.0
"I was very pleased with the order and the speed at which it was delivered. More important, my grandson loves it. It was what he wanted and could not find it here so was very glad for AMAZON", 2.0
"More track is the first thing you're going to want to buy after your first GeoTrax train set.  It will seem like you never have enough straights and curves to bring the track design to reality.  The "switched" pieces work out better as the child gets older (3-4+)", 5.0
"I THINK THE HAIR MAY BE A BIT OVER DONE BUT EVERYTHING ELSE IS RIGHT ON. I LIKE THE MAKE-UP AND THE CLOTHES AND SHE DOES SEEM TO RESEMEBLE VERONICA FROM THE ARCHIE COMICS I REMEMBER READING AS A CHILD. I GIVE HER 4 & THREE-QUARTER STARS. (IT WOULD BE FIVE IF THE HAIR WERE BETTER.) SHE'S STILL A GREAT DOLL THOUGH. NEARLY PERFECT!!!!!", 5.0
"I love this doll but the only complaint i have is the eyes why are they looking to the right ! Mattel please if your gona make more then please put the pupul in the middle. Pleeeeeeeeas", 5.0
"Easy to follow instructions for set-up and play, very intuitive.  The only thing I would suggest is to make sure the young folks have an 'elder' playing on their team, to have a shot at the questions on old people, events, etc.  If they're real sports history buffs, then it's not an issue", 4.0
"Love it!  The questions are great...the "party mode" is great entertainment", 5.0
"My son calls this a flute, and rather than argue, we let it go. But his little hands have a hard time holding it. (He's 4). Even I have trouble. I'm right-handed and the right-hand keys are on the bottom. I don't know if that's how real clarinets are, but it's awkward. Also, your whole mouth has to be covering the entire mouthpiece in order to make it play, so that's also a little frustrating. But the sound is great and it's fun to play once you get the hang of it", 5.0
"This toy is awsome !I Truly recomend this to you and all your friends!!!", 5.0
"We purchased this for our 5 year old along with the spy goggles.  He immensely enjoyed both.  As a matter of fact, the adults were quite taken with it too", 4.0
"Nursing Nana is a great gift. It is soft and cuddly, and the puppies attach with magnets, giving a realistic nursing "tug" as you attach and detach them. This would be a great gift for a child when a second or third child is being born to take the angst out of mom nursing the new baby. It is a bit smaller than I anticipated, but it is still worth it because it is well-made", 5.0
"I am in my twenties...I had one of these dogs when i was little and i loved it. It shows kids the way dogs naturally  feed their puppies. Of course it is only a stuffed animal so it is not going to do anything. But in my opinion it is a very cute toy for a dog love", 4.0
"This is a beuatiful dining set.  True, it doesn't come with the pony as it clearly states in the product description, but we have too many already.  Anyway, I would recommend it for the crystal princess castle or you can even use this with other doll houses", 5.0
"I keep this on my desk at my office, people love it, and it a lot of fun to watch them during the day. I highly recommend", 5.0
"I bought the Sea Monkeys on Mars for my 7 year old son.  He loves them.  They hatched easily, grew quickly and are quite cute.  He loves to feed them and watch them swim.  They are eductational and fun", 4.0
"Webkinz Hippo arrived in an exceptable time frame and in good condition.", 5.0
"I will definitely order others", 4.0
"This concept is very interesting and new fangled (at least to me) as far as plush animals.  The interactive/internet/game aspect is very clever and provides a lot of fun for kiddos.  I got this for my nephew and he likes it.  It keeps him entertained.  One thing--they just don't make stuffed animals the way they used to as far as quality.  Justin is not rough with his toys, and this hippo has already lost some of his hair.  I wish we could find good quality plush anymore.  I hate the idea of disposable toys because I grew up with tonka toys and teddybears that I still have.  I still have my Raggedy Ann and Andy dolls from about twenty-five years ago, and they have never lost hair.  So buy the hippo for fun, but don't expect him to survive", 4.0
"this was a super soft animal and one of the kids in my life ended up with it being and aunt/grandma a lot of them end up in new home", 5.0
"This is a fun toy for anyone who is a StarWars and Mr. Potato Head fan", 5.0
" A retooled mold brings this 60s sci-fi kit back to the hands of today's kit builders!", 5.0
" Not QUITE accurate to the sets & miniatures of the original show... the passenger compartment should have 2 more seats, the control yokes are not included with the pilot's console, plus the top dome is round instead of teardrop-shaped... but these are all true to the original Aurora model.", 2.0
" Wouldn't take much to fix the mistakes, as there are plenty of references & replacement decal sheets out there... or just build it "as is" for nostalgia value", 4.0
"I started playing this game in it's original German version. Which, went through some revision as the expansion decks were put out. As a result, the english version may end up being a little more together as you get the expansion decks. Talk about a wonderful game to play for two people! It is absolutely well put together, though certainly different in playing than the boardgame version of Catan. It uses the same notions, but has a far more dynamic involvement within the game play itself. The expansion packs are absolutely great, and overall add lots of options and twists to the play of the game. IT takes a couple of hours, and a signicant amount of table space. It travels well enough in it's box, but to actually play it you need time and lots of space.", 4.0
"I highly recommend it, especially if you are only two people and looking for a game that you can play that is fun, involving, and certainly full of strategy. This is one of the many wonderful games made by Klaus Teuber, and I hope he keeps coming up with winners", 5.0
"This is a great game for two players (and two players only).  The first one or two times I played, it was very, very slowgoing because there is a lot to take in.  However, once you adapt to the numerous cards and they become familiar to you, games tend to take about an hour.  It's a fairly involved game, so you have to be in the mood for that.  There's a lot of strategy and many ways to win.  I greatly recommend it for those who already enjoy playing games.  It might be daunting for a really casual gamer, though.  If you like it, there are now expansion sets available that add lots of spice and variety to the original", 5.0
"I bought this for my niece and it arrived within a few days in great condition.  It was still in its original box and it wasn't dented or anything.", 5.0
"Lots of fun for young children. My kids ages 2, 4 and 7 all enjoy building creatures with this set. The only negative is that there aren't very many pieces. If more than one child wants to play at a time you will need more sets", 5.0
"Of all the toys our son has gotten, this one has stood the test of time. For over 2 years he has consistently sought out this train to play with. It has survived being dropped on almost a daily basis and still keeps going. Highly reccommend", 4.0
"I stumbled upon this game years ago, and my family has enjoyed it--even my adult friends, who seemed to balk at first at playing a kids' game.  This past year, I decided to purchase it for my sixth grade classroom.  I must say...WOW.  I allowed the kids to play it for a while during homeroom, and kids would be waiting early outside the room to get in and snag the Frog Juice.  They would even play it over other outdoor games at recess.  Anytime you heard a "NOOOO!" in the room, you knew someone had pulled out the Witch Wash.  The kids LOVED it.", 5.0
"So, I have come back to purchase a new deck for this upcoming year.  To any educators who might be reading this, it makes a great addition to the intermediate classroom for those few minutes of downtime, and because of the math and bit of strategy involved, you don't feel guilty about it at all.  Plus, it is something different and for the teacher, inexpensive as far as games go", 4.0
"This is a veary FUN baseball game, I first played it at my summer camp and it was so fun, I got it for Myself!!!!!", 4.0
"A great game for the whole family.  My visiting Swedish friend enjoyed playing so much that she bought one to bring back home with her.  If you like Sequence you will have fun with Kings in the Corner", 5.0
"Our family played this game a lot during the 60's.  We had a blast with it.  I didn't think much about it until this year when my son turned 6.  It's a blast for family fun", 4.0
"This was my first Schleich World of Knights figure, given to me Christmas of this year. It's a highly detailed classic dragon, with no moving or detachable parts (the wings are an integral part of the figure). As such, it's safe for very young children, and you don't have to worry about someone's eye getting put out. As to its historical accuracy and educational value, I really cannot say, never having seen Dragons in the wild, but the level of detail is wonderful, and it should encourage children to obtain the more "practical" members of the balance of Scheich World of Knights collection, which are excellent, as well", 1.0
"I recently purchased this game using a gift certificate.  My little boy LOVES it. I think it's quite interesting as well but there were several typos on the game cards.  Frankly, there needs to be better proof reading.  Was this game assembled and printed in another country other than the USA.  That would probably account for it", 4.0
"We had looked a lot of places for jack in the boxes and were pleased to find this unusual one. My girls love horses so it was a pretty easy decision to make. The music is great and it is easy to operate for both of them ( ages 20 months and 3 1/2 )", 5.0
"It takes a few hands to learn all the tricks to this game, but once learned, it is a lot of fun. A good game for four players, and a great game for six players.  It generates lots of lively action, with the bidding for the cards.", 5.0
"We played this game on a cruise with four strangers. They were no longer strangers, after the game.  Everyone we have played with say they are going to buy it.  That's how we got it.  Bought the game after playing with family.", 5.0
"This figure is one of the best in the marvel legends series. I have over forty of the marvel legends figures and this is the tallest. The hair on his body looks real and his joints aren't to tight, but not to lose either their just right. I couldn't wait for them to release more Exiles members like Noctourne, Blink, Morph, & Mimic. I wasn't very happy to see the marvel legends series coming to an end with the seperation of marvel from Toy Biz the last series are going to be realeased later this year. I'm glad to see Psylocke & Falcon before the series end, but what about the wildly popular She Hulk. They've got the loser Sabertooth from the Exiles coming out, but not She Hulk. If you're going to bring an Exiles to the series at least bring characters we like. NOCTOURNE, MORPH, BLINK, MIMIC!!!!", 1.0
"We purchased this game for our son for Christmas.  He is a chess lover, and we wanted to get him something a little different.  Chaturanga was perfect, since it is the precursor to chess.  He has enjoyed the game.  All of us were impressed with the bookshelf edition.  It is an attractive box.   We are very pleased with every aspect of it", 4.0
"Chaturanga is the oldest known form of chess.  It dates back to India in the seventh century A.D.  Front Porch classics has carefully re-created this game and it is now available to everyone!", 4.0
"The game itself is beautiful.  It is played on a fabric playing board (all games were once played on fabric, it's extremely portable and cheap, and cardboard wasn't even invented until the late 1800's!).  Unlike chess, the game can be played with two to four players.  Each player gets 8 playing pieces, made of clay: A Raja, an elephant, a horse (cavalry), a ship and four infantrymen.  These pieces are kept in beautiful velvet bags.  Each piece does have a loose equivalent in modern chess.", 5.0
"The Raja is the most important piece, much like the king.  The elephant acts much like the rook.  The ship is the bishop, and you cannot capture a Raja with the ship.  The Cavalry moves exactly like a knight.  The infantry, which in this game look kind of like tiny Buddhas in lotus position, are like the pawns.  The big difference between Chaturanga and chess is that Chaturanga is played with a four-sided die (it's a long rectangle, instead of a perfectly square cube).  The die tells you which piece you have to move.", 4.0
"The game is somewhat easier to learn than chess, but easily as much fun.  The game can and should be used by teachers and parents to introduce their children to the history and culture of India.  The rulebook includes lots of interesting information about India as well as about the history of the game.", 4.0
"The game comes in a convenient Bookshelf Edition, where the game is kept in a beautiful book-shaped box that looks great on any bookshelf or coffee table", 4.0
"We bought this for our daughter's first birthday. She was immediately interested and so was her three-year-old brother. In addition, her five cousins (ages 5-16) and their father (36)were also captivated. There are eleven gears in five colors that spin when the button is pushed. Initially, she loved to take the gears off and teeth on them. She is fourteen months now and puts them back on. She presses the button to watch them spin. She has taken it to the sitter's and the kids there have played with it all day. When we take it to the sitter's, I put it in a bag because the gears do not stay on when the toy is vertical. So far,it appears to be a toy that will grow with her as she and her brother play with it differently. We rotate toys, but I leave this one out continuously and I often find her playing with it quietly by herself. I have given it five stars because it offers a variety of ways to play (the gears can even be stacked), is different from all other toys they have, appeals to a wide range of ages, grows with the child, does not use up batteries (we are still on the first set), and seems very durable. I recommend this toy", 4.0
"This game is a great way to pass twenty to thirty minutes.  It is very easy to learn and does not have any pieces to lose, or money to count.  The strategies, however, are numerous, and there is an equal amount of luck as skill involved in good gameplay.", 5.0
"I really liked how the game could ONLY be played with two people, as I was tired of games that COULD be played with two, but which were really meant to be enjoyed by three or more...", 5.0
"Game Contents: 1 deck of game cards, and one small board.  Note: If you want to make this game really portable you don't even need to bring the board.  It is just a place to put discarded cards and a way to help organize your cards.  As long as you have a pencil and paper for scoring at the end of the game, you can play it everywhere that you have a table.  (I figure you need as much space to lay down your cards as the size of a typical Monopoly board).", 5.0
"Playing Note: One thing that was initially a little confusing to us when we were reading the instructions, was that the instructions do not explain that you are to place your cards on the opposite side of the board as your opponent.  You can each play all 5 expeditions, in a head to head manner.  We were sitting on a couch at a coffee table, and we had turned the board horizontally to face us (instead of vertically) and the instructions were confusing until we moved the board 90 degrees.  The game designers assumed that you would play the game as one would play a game of checkers, sitting across from one another, but you don't actually have to play this way, even though you DO need to turn your board for the same effect.", 5.0
"This game is really fun and I would highly recommend other games from the same manufacturer (Rio Grande Games).  They really have a knack for publishing great strategy games.  They even release expansion sets to their popular games, and they credit the players who gave them the ideas for the expansion cards.  Pretty neat", 5.0
"This is the first game I've tried by the venerable Reiner Knizia.  I was really taken in by the combination of simple rules, but interesting strategy.  Since then, I've purchased several of his games.  For those who like Lost Cities, but also have a soft spot for Poker, try Battleline.  Samurai is a great introduction to the sometimes complicated world of "tile games", with Tigres and Euphrates being the much more complicated cousin (although again, the rules aren't that complicated...the difficulty comes via strategic decision making.)", 5.0
"So far, my all time favorite Knizia game...and frankly, one of my favorite games period, is Modern Art.  The game mechanics are fairly simple, easily explained in 5 minutes, with some of the more complex bidding rules explained in a trial game.  Essentially, it's a game about playing an auction...who is the best at playing the market, guessing at art values, and spending money wisely.  It's also a true crossover game... non-gamers, or those only exposed to the standard Monopoly, Trivial Pursuit, etc, will quickly learn how much fun it can be... and will probably be asking to play again", 5.0
"Lost Cities is a really fun game, and very addictive.  I've personally played over 200 matches already on the free online version available at http://www.flexgames.com/  Check it out and play against some really good players across the globe and get a feel for the game itself before buying.  I've had my name in the notification list for this game on amazon.com for some time now, so I'll definitely be purchasing it right away", 4.0
"Vakama is very cool.You must get him!He wears the Great Mask of Concelment and comes with a kanoka disk", 4.0
"Hello,", 5.0
"     My name is Cloe. Yes, because I love Bratz so much I changed my name from Matisyahu to Cloe. I love this doll. IT BEATS BARBIE AND KEN BY A MILE. Speaking of Barbie I also reccommend the singer AQUA she sings " I'm a Barbie Girl." Buy Cloe and the others while you can!!! It's worth it and it will be a decision you will NEVER in your whole entire life, however long that may be, regret", 4.0
"The girls liked this doll.  The wings are velcro so they can make her into a princess or play with her as an angel- they like that.  Great buy from Amazon", 4.0
"I wish I had one of these when I was a kid.  The canopy tops this stand, it rotates to block the sun.  Every passerby will know what's for sale.  We even use it inside for play. It's a well made toy and I would purchase more products from this company", 4.0
"My two year old boy absolutely loves these puzzles. They're soft but sturdy and are more challenging than peg puzzles. It's a great puzzle for kids that can do more than peg puzzles but aren't ready for the regular 10 piece interlocking puzzles. There's a base template for each puzzle to help put it together or you can remove it for a bigger challenge. The only downside are some of the very small pieces...definitely need parental supervision for kids under 3", 1.0
"Well, this is the expansion for Settlers of Catan, and a lot of things have changed. The ability to build military forces adds depth to the game, as does the city improvements. The abundance of new cards is worth it if for the beautiful illustrations alone. The expansion makes the game a little bit longer to play, but it still should finish out well inside two and a half hours. My only complaint is that in several games, the Barbarians have not beaten us once, they are way too easy. However, this is minor and can be remedied with a house rule of your own. All in all, this makes a great game TOTALLY AWESOME", 4.0
"Maybe it's my computer or browser, but the picture here doesn't do this doll justice.  I bought one at my local drug store before I saw it here at Amazon.  I can tell you that this Beach Glam Barbie is gorgeous!  The picture here looks faded to me, but I have the doll right here in front of me, and the pink accessories are a lovely perfect shade of vivid pink, not pale or washed out as it appears to be in this photo.", 5.0
"This toy is pretty stellar. I mean, you can play battleship anytime you want w/o having to ask someone else to play with you. It is awesome for long trips or just something to do if your bored", 5.0
"My girls were given this game a couple years ago. . .ages 2 and 3.  They crack up over the voices and play it still.  I like it also b/c it's so darn cute", 2.0
"This is a great Barney musical songbook, and can also be used as a play piano.  It's great that it has an auto turn off, after non-use.  However, if it is turned off, and something touches it, it automatically turns on by itself.  Many times, after the kids went to bed, and we happen to put something on top of the Barney Sing 'n Play Songbook, it turns on by itself.  Because the Songbook does not have a physical turn off switch, and something touches it, Barney will start talking in the silent room when the kids are asleep.  Just wish it has an on/off switch, so it will not be turned on accidentally.  Otherwise, my 3 year old loves it", 5.0
"My son got this toy for his birthday about a year ago, when he was two. It was one of the gifts we let him pick out on his own. He loved it and played with nothing else for a week! The songs are cute and familiar to him, plus Barney talks and sings to the music. The only draw backs were that I couldn't find an off button and that it is $20+ at local retailers. I wish the toys companies would cut us parents a little slack. LOL", 2.0
"This Schleich Haflinger is a good buy. Schleich is as detailed as Breyer, and are as big as Breyer Paddock Pals. This Haflinger stallion is a palomino, with a shaggy mane and tail. This horse is full of personality, and is well worth the money. Your kid will love this model horse.", 4.0
"I don't agree with the other review this doll is great to play with. She has such a pretty dress and vail. Her hair is very long and it get tangled pretty easy but if your good with barbie hair its not a problem. I would suggest that you buy the groom at the same time take it from me I still really want him. The barbie with blond hair is also very pretty", 4.0
"I love anything Barbie, anything pink, and anything that supports the Susan G Komen Foundation.  This doll is all of those wrapped up in one neat package.  I am thinking about giving them to my female relatives for Christmas", 4.0
"My little granddaughters loved receiving this.  Especially after they figured out the sandbox works best when not dumped on each others heads and the lawn", 5.0
"We have had this sandbox for five years.  It has been durable and my two kids ages 3 and 5 just love it.  Color of the plastic is still bright and has been under sun for years.  Sometimes water seeps in when it rains but this makes sand play even funner for kids.  We tend to put a rock on top of lid to keep it in place though it does cover the box perfectly.  It is also nice that the lid is attached to the box itself and is easy for kids to remove and put back on when done.  The kids usually sit outside of it though it can accomodate 1-2 small kids inside it as well.  I find most kids dont want to get sand all over and end up sitting outside of it regardless. Overall good investment and the kids love it", 5.0
"I noticed that this ladybug sand box only had 3&amp;1/2 stars and the others all had 5. I felt a need to speak up.  We bought this sandbox for our first son when he was three.  We lived in an apartment with a small back patio.  It was perfect, not too big but still room for a toddler or two to sit in it and play.  He played for hours!!  Now 5 years later, his little brother loves it and my first son, almost 9, still plays with the little one in it.  It still looks brand new, nestled under the tree in our big back yard.  It's really great just smaller than the others. We have since given this for every two year old birthday present we've bought! I highly recommend it", 4.0
"I give this toy low marks for educational value for two reasons: first, humans were not contemporary to the brontosaurus, and second, the egg is too big to have been laid by the adult dinosaur included in the set.  My mother sent this toy as a gift for my son's first birthday.  The package suggests this toy for ages 2-5, and in typical fashion, my son found the box to be just as interesting as the toy itself, but my three-year-old daughter was immediately and completely enchanted with the toy.  She began role-playing with the dinosaurs right away.  "I love you very much," said the mama dinosaur to her baby.  Supercute", 2.0
"No hiking dad would be complete without a Kelty kid carrier.  We have taken ours", 5.0
"everywhere.  From Disneyworld to the Redwoods.  They distribute the weight to your hips", 4.0
"making it much easier to carry a child where ever you want to go", 5.0
"She is so cute! I love the real hair, I've made loads of crazy designs. Also, I made a discovery, if you squeeze her tummy, she cries, falls asleep or says "I luv you mama"", 4.0
"This chart has been an excellent way for our children to track their daily progress towards completing their weekly chores and an excellent way to begin the work for allowance process. Only draw back there really isn't enough room to track chores for more than one child", 5.0
"This is a GREAT way to get your child(ren) to do the things that need to be done around the house.  I purchased two, one for each of my older children and they love that they have control over keeping up with the board. It is easy for them to use and easy for you to keep track of their progress.", 5.0
"Got this as a fun birthday present for my husband who adores anything Star Wars. He liked it so much he brought it to work and we now occassionally hear stories about Darth Potato and the Spud Troopers waging war on unsuspecting engineers. It's a GREAT Geek toy", 5.0
"I just bought this yesterday and surprised my girls (3 and 5)  with it today.  It does blow tons of bubbles!  They love chasing them all over the yard.  The Gazillion bubble solution that comes with it is cool because the bubbles are really colorful when they come out.  It does used 8 AA batteries as previously mentioned but there is an order from inside to send away for an adaptor.  Yes, it has a plug for an adaptor to plug it in so you don't use so many batteries.  Where I'll plug it in in the backyard I'm not sure yet.  I definitely recommend for the young children that are so excited by bubbles", 4.0
"My son loves the Imaginext dino collection. He has almost all of them. They're durable, fun and educational", 5.0
"This thing is great. Our 4 year old loves it.  The working drawbridge, breakaway wall for cannon fire and trap door are great.  Considering the size and number of pieces, it was remarkably easy to put together.  Allow 2 to 3 hours for assembly, but the directions are excellent.  Only complaint is that some of the small pieces that don't always want to stay together - some of the "details" will likely be missing after a few weeks.  Overall, very happy with it", 5.0
"My son received this toy as a present from his father on Christmas (Dec '05) and he was able to play with it straight out of the box.  I bought my son the V Smile system and he can't use that as easily as he uses the read with me system.  While a agree with some of the previous reviews that this system would not take him to seven years old, it does build his confidence level and keeps him motivated to keep playing because he was getting the answers right.  While with the V smile system he prefers I play and he watch. So I am happy with this purchase and will buy more DVDs for the system.  I have  only one complaint and that is  I wish they would use both traditional stories and use some of the newer characters.  My son loves Thomas the train and even though he has the little engine that could I think he would also like to see Thomas the Tank Engine, Dora the Explorer, and maybe even some books in foreign languages.  But all in all a great system for the younger preschool children.", 4.0
"I was skeptical at first and I am so happy that I got this for my kids. I homeschool my children and needed something to keep one of the kids busy while I was working with another. This is easy to use, fun to play and I like the stories that are available. I think you get a great product for a great price", 4.0
"I gave this game to my 13 year old nephew for Christmas.  He actually wrote me a thank you note for it.  In the note he said "I like it better than normal Monoply.  There's a lot more thinking and strategy involved".  I might even go up to five stars", 4.0
"I recently bought this toy for my 2.5 year old daughter.  She likes it and plays with it everyday.  All the parts assembled easily - I didn't even use the directions.  I have not had any trouble with parts falling off or breaking.  It's great to use an outside toy", 4.0
"This is a must-have item if you want to add the Clock Tower to your set.  It also works well with the other "elevation" sets, particularly Mile High Mountain.", 1.0
"The set includes the following:", 4.0
"4 ramps (these are made from two shorter pieces that are screwed together)", 5.0
"2 curves", 4.0
"2 short straights", 4.0
"2 guard rails", 5.0
"2 end ramps", 5.0
"8 arches (2 supports and 1 crosspiece each)", 4.0
"The crosspieces of the arches have a picture of how the ends of the track should be aligned.  The screws are a little tough but never need to be removed.  The set is enough to run up two full levels and back down again (my son has played with this set just by itself having fun running up, around and racing back down).  You can also make two single-level bridges, a single level bridge and a ramp down from Mile High Mountain, or many other setups.", 5.0
"This set literally adds a new dimension to a Geotrax set.  Lots of fun.  The short pieces also allow for different configurations that may have been frustrating in the past.  Definitely fun.", 5.0
"There are so many great things about this that I don't know where to start.  Availability--price--shipping--the list goes on and on.  Bottom line is that my daughter is a big Care Bear fan and it's impossible to find this bear anywhere else.  It arrived quickly, was just as described (in fact it was softer) and occupies a place of honor on my daughter's bed.  I give it a 5, only because that's the highest.  Makes a wonderful gift!!", 5.0
"This track set is ok but it's not that thrilling.  We ended up buying more track and other stops.  Over all the train is great.", 5.0
"What a wonderful toy. The no volume control worried me, but it isn't that loud. Great value,Great toy", 4.0
"We got this for my daughter for Christmas and she just loves it. The music is a little loud but she highly enjoys it", 5.0
"My little girl loves her, and she always has Magenta with her when she's watching Blues Clues. Only thing is she is a beanie baby so she's small.", 5.0
"This doll looks like it will be a collectible in a few years. The Lucy in Paris Barbie is already worth more than double what it was selling for a few years ago. This doll will probably go up in value as well. In regards to the person who returned this doll twice for a slightly dented box...GET A LIFE! Who in the hell would return a doll just because the box had a dent! If the doll wasn't damaged why are you returning it????", 5.0
"It's life, nothing's perfect, GET OVER IT! You can't expect perfection...as long as the item itself isn't damaged there's no reason to make a big fuss over the cardboard box it comes in! This is a nice doll (even if the box is dented) and I would recommend purchasing it. I ordered this doll and the box mine came in was in good shape (to me anyway). As far as I know, buyers on ebay aren't extremely picky on the condition of the box...they are more concerned on the condition of the doll and whether or not it is still in the box.", 5.0
"I like that everything fits in the case.  My 2 year old enjoys dumping all the pieces on the floor.  No big deal.  You can also store a few parts in the potato and take it with you.  Very happy with purchase", 2.0
"This is sooooo cool the fashons DO smell like fruit!!!! polly looks sooo sweet! and WHAT IT ITS ANA!!!!! Lisin BUY This it comes with ANA!!!!! Ana is RARE!!!!!! WOW! it comes sooooooooooo much outfits!! you can get it at Toys r us or target or was it walmart??? oh well get it now! I also have the one with lea and lilla Get both they are SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Gota go now! BYE Love jackie age... YOU SHOULD NO BY NOW!!!!!! :) :) :", 4.0
"I'm not sure why so many of these (all?) reviews are for a different product, but this one is actually for the balancing bike. We got this for our son for Christmas and he loves it. He just turned 5 and has a bike with training wheels but it's still too big for him. I don't really like the idea of training wheels anyway so I started looking for something like this balancing bike. I saw a German one for $350 so I was thrilled to find this one for under $100.", 5.0
"It was so easy to assemble. I love that the seat height adjusts. My son rides it around the house and after just a few tries was able to coast down the hall on it with his feet off the floor. I think it's a much better way to learn to ride a bike.", 5.0
"The quality is good, the seat has a bit of padding, and I expect it will hold up well for my other child when she's old enough to ride it in a couple more years.", 5.0
"I gave it four stars instead of five because it's put together with screws, it's not fine craftsmanship. Best buy in its category though", 5.0
"I loved this trike!  It was given to my son for his first birthday and he loved it.  Daycare was in walking distance (I lived in the city) and I used the trike to take him.  My son loved to hold onto the handle bars, it gave him a sence of freedom from the stroller that he hated.  My son is now three years old and I am buying a new one for my one year old. I understand some people give this product bad reviews but there is a 1-800 number that goes with the toy.  The brand  Radio Flyer is well known and the customer service line is very helpful and willing to replace parts or defects.  This is the only gift that was given to my son that I can say "I LOVE" and have had for more than just one year!  Enjoy", 5.0
"We recently purchased this playhouse, and discovered that it does not come with the peek-a-boo shutters (I don't see the shutters in the photo either although they are mentioned in the product description).  Our 3year old and 18 month old both enjoy it, but I would say it is more fun for the 18 month old than my 3 year old since there is little to actually "do" inside the house.  The doorbell makes fun sounds.  It is very easy to put together", 4.0
"even though i dont have this i think is the most cutest thing i have ever seen", 4.0
"I give this 4 stars, because I like it (maybe more than my toddler). When I was in kindergarten or 1st grade, my little brother, who was 1 or 2 at the time, had the original -- the one that just popped, and he loved it.  He would push it around until the popping drove my father "crazy." This one does even more.  It pops, counts from 1 to 10, plays music, and has flashing lights.  I think it's an awesome toy, especially for the price.  My daughter doesn't play with it every day, but when she grabs it, she'll push it around for maybe 10 minutes or more (we haven't found a single toy that will occupy her attention for longer than that).  Sometimes, she'll push it around several times a day.  It's great for that stage when your toddler likes to push or drag things around with them.  The popping was inconsistent when we first received it, but we took it apart, got the gears aligned correctly (through trial & error), added more Vaseline to the gears for lubrication, and now it pops, counts, plays music, and the lights flash consistently every time.  If you take this toy apart, be careful not to pull out the speaker wires -- we did that, but it was no problem.  My husband soldered the wires back together", 4.0
"I bought this game two weekends ago and have had both fun and frustration with it.  I'm a Freecell junkie and have gone so far as to download a better version (more games) than the one that came with my computer.  I lost track of how many total games I've played over the years since I've used several computers, but I play about 10 games a day on average.  I'm very competitive and love keeping track of my stats.  Unfortunately, that is the weakness of this version of the game.  For example, if you get into a position were you can move only one card back and forth between two columns and there are no other moves, all you can do is hit the replay button or move on to another game.  If you hit the replay button you don't get a loss recorded, which of course you should.  Consequently, it is easy to run up a high win percentage with this version of the game just by resigning a game when you think you are going to loose and replay it.  Then when you finally win, you get credit for a win.  Of course, that is not proper scoring either.  Also, there is a key combination that when you do lose a game outright and want to replay, you don't get any further losses counted against you.  That's as it should be.  The only problem is that key combination is very flaky and doesn't always work.  Other than scoring inconsistencies, it's a great game!  It's very easy to use.  Although different to use than playing with a mouse on your computer, if you've played a lot on your computer you'll pick up the operation of this version almost immediately.  The display is large and easy to see, and there is a low light level sensor on the front that will automatically light the screen when you are playing in an area with poor lighting.  That is a great feature.  I love playing this game while sitting in the airport waiting to board a plane and on the plane itself while in the air.  It's a great and challenging way to pass the time away if you like playing solitaire.  On the next version of this game, I hope they will beef up the statistics capabilities of the unit", 1.0
"My 3 year old loves this toy. He has a lot of the Krypto toys and getting Mechanikat was essential. We just got it for Christmas so am not sure of its longevity. It does seem to be pretty well made. Also got Snooky Wookems with it. Great for fans of the Krypto cartoons", 5.0
"Her favorite toy... she loves the microphone... keys light up to prompt her to press the keys and play a song.... this thing is great", 1.0
"This is the third or fourth Quixo game we have purchased to give as a gift!  We originaly recieved ours as a gift about 5 years ago and it has been a favorite ever since.  Quixo is tic tac toe with pieces that move.  You have a strategy, then oops, your opponent chages it all with one move. It is suitable for anyone from age 8 to adult.  We keep ours out at all times - a coffee table game.  It is very high quality with real wooden blocks as playing pieces.  Enjoy!", 1.0
"We have this product and LOVE it!  At first we had a problem with the hooves not working.  I called the number on the box.  They were wonderful and sent me new hooves at no expense or item return.  Then I find it was user error!  Santa didn't realize there were buttons in the heel of the hoof that push down when walking.  I called the company back and they told me not to worry about the exta hooves they sent.  To enjoy.  I would order from them again", 5.0
"This was a Christmas gift, and the person loved it.", 5.0
"I was so happy I chose this website to purchase from!!", 5.0
" This is without a doubt the best [...] we have spent on a toy for our 7-year-old son, but it isn't a toy. It's a highly functional, albeit inexpensive, metal detector. We've had it now for 3 years and take it camping, etc.", 4.0
"It will easily find something as small as a rusty staple, and will detect a railroad spike as far as 4 1/4 inches down, very good if you consider how small the detection coil is. When camping the kids love to find and dig up ancient tent stakes, rusty nails, and the occasional coin.", 5.0
"Adjusting the sensitivity is trivial, just hold it away from any metal, and turn the sensitivity knob until the red detector LED just goes out. Other reviewer has noted that the three-piece shaft breaks easily, which happened on ours, but a little duct tape goes a long way and this shouldn't stop you from buying one.", 5.0
"If you get one, make sure to bury some coins and other treasures in the garden for the kids to find.", 4.0
"PS It also really works great for locating studs and plumbing pipes in walls", 5.0
"This is perfect for any stop-motion animator. With over 30 posable joints, Thoron is inexpensive compared to other figures.Also, Thoron's nemosis,Stendhal, is a great figure for animation", 4.0
"After three years of dragons who walk on all fours, we get a dragon who stands upright.  Seems kind of strange.  Thoron's debut appearance was in the "Fire & Ice" Portal Of Fire set.  He makes another appearance here in The Metal Ages, and he looks a lot meaner here.  Perhaps the rigors of battle are wearing on him.  I bought Stendhal first and was very pleased with him.  I found Thoron to be somewhat disappointing.  He's got some great detail, but he's not as articulated as Stendhal is.  Replacing the standard light-up feature is a dragon roar feature.  Thoron doesn't light up, but he has a variety of growls and roars that are activated by a button on his chest.", 5.0
"His articulation is pretty decent.  His hind legs (which he stands on) are stiff and can only move back and forth.  But it gets much better when we examine his arms and head.  His arms can move back and forth, and away from his body.  The shoulder joint can move in two directions.  We get two additional points of articulation at the elbows and wrists.  Thoron's wrists aren't as versatile as Stendhal's are (Stendhal's wrists can turn in addition to the claw moving back and forth).  His neck can move left and right, and his head can move in all manner of directions.  As always, his jaw opens.  His tail is flexible for super-posability, as are his towering wings.  He can also turn at the waist.  My complaints with Thoron's articulation are twofold.  It would've been nicer if his hind legs were posable, and it definitely would've been nice if his wrists were articulated like Stendhal's are.", 5.0
"Thoron is mostly dark green with white highlights on his wings, white claws on his feet, and silver colored armor.  As mentioned, the detail here is better than ever, and everything has a realistic look.  He comes with a removable piece of armor for his head.  I think he looks better without it, but maybe that's just me.  Thoron is one of the most charismatic dragons I've seen (it's all in the face and eyes).  He looks kind of mean and vicious.  Stendhal is supposed to be the bad guy, and he doesn't look this mean.  The original Thoron from the Fire & Ice series has a better facial expression.", 5.0
"This action figure comes almost completely assembled.  I just had to attach his wings.  Also included are some parts for building a small tower with decorative blades and flag, and a Draigar warrior with shield and weapon.", 5.0
"All things considered, Thoron isn't quite as nice as Stendhal is.  Nevertheless, he gets a thumbs up from me.  He's a good addition to any dragons collection and a fun action figure to play around with", 5.0
"My 9 month old son LOVES this toy!  It's easily his favorite toy.  He'll gladly do tummy time hitting the piano keys and hitting the dial and characters.  He has a great time making it go, and will now sit up and scoot the car a little.  His other toys were good for a couple weeks at best, this one he only seems to be enjoying more the longer he plays with it.  The music is not nearly as loud or as annoying as most toys and is actually a little fun. Well worth the purchase price", 5.0
"This is now on clearance at Target... $199.99.  They're going fast, I hid one in a display wooden chest in the furniture department til it drops even lower", 5.0
"I also found this item at Target for $39.99. If you buy it at amazon or ebay, your wasting your money", 5.0
" This Barbie is better than some of the other new ones but I did`nt see the street style one yet.But I don`t know if they are that good by the reviews i am hearing so far.I like her outfit,typical,shop-o-holic and typical school girls is quite nice and fits her personality.She has a locker with basic stuff you take to school with a secret inside.Her out fit is denim capri`s,black jacket,matching beret,and a tube top with a necklace", 1.0
"Pixter is a fantastic learning tool for ages 3+. As a parent, I love that many of the learning activities are based around drawing and creating so the child is not only gaining knowledge but also creating art at the same time. My son who will be 2 in a few weeks has a Pixter, and though he is far below the age recommendation, he absolutely adores drawing with his Pixter. He is very gentle with it and it can keep him entertained for hours.", 5.0
"Compared to the LeapFrog Leapster, Pixter has many more creativity-based activities and Leapster tends to be more of an arcade-style system. However, the Leapster cartridges are much easier to find and there is a bigger selection of titles. I plan to purchase the Leapster for my son for his 3rd birthday because the L-MAX can play games on the TV as well as on the handheld.", 5.0
"Also, contrary to popular belief, the Pixter is NOT being discontinued as of this writing. I spoke with a representative at Fisher Price myself and she said that they are redesigning the system with new colors but not discontinuing it or any of the software. Beware when purchasing these games on eBay for ridiculous prices from people claiming they are discontinued. Wait for the stores to restock after the holidays and it will be a different story", 5.0
"We have this up on the wall for our baby and use it as a diaper changing night light.  The luminosity is just right for changing baby but is not too blinding for sleepy eyes.   My 9-year daughter also loves to cycle through the phases before bedtime.", 4.0
"The room has to be very bright for the night light to turn off automatically.  The remote is very handy and we liked the 3 viewing options.", 5.0
"We'll be getting this as gifts for our friends and their babies.", 4.0
"This is the first RC (radio control) aircraft I have ever flown, although I have raced RC cars for quite awhile. It comes fully assembled with a nice manual and even a quick intro DVD to get you in the air quickly.", 1.0
"I started out in my living room and it has worked just great. With just a little trimming out the heli is very stable and easy for which to get a feel. I've run it for a few hours now with no incidents and I'm getting pretty good at hovering although I still have a tough time with head-in flight (controls thus reversed).", 5.0
"The Blade CX RTF makes a great first heli or just a great indoor heli. Probably fine for anyone over 10 years old. I am getting 10-15 minutes of flight time on a battery charge. The only disappointment is that charging a battery takes 60-90 minutes (typical with all LiPo batteries). I'd recommend getting an extra battery or two and maybe even an extra powersupply and charger. Also I have tried the Training Gear add-on for the Blade CP/CP Pro -- it fits the CX just fine and allows you to use it later if you move on -- and it helps with damage but makes the Blade CX slightly less stable in hover in my opinion but not terribly so. They're probably worth the trade off at first.", 5.0
"In a few more hours I think I'll be ready to move up to the Blade CP Pro. Highly recommended for anyone interested in entering RC helicopters or who just wants a heli to fly around the house.", 5.0
"Two good sites for further info are [...]", 5.0
"We have the original &quot;Super Mastermind&quot; which is the exact same layout.  It's fun and enjoyable year after year but too many games at one sitting can cause a headache.  It's fun to watch others work at it too.  The pieces are small so should be kept away from little kids but age 10 and up seem to enjoy it.  It's a great addition to our game shelf and we are getting more to give as gifts", 5.0
"these make meals a lot more fun for children...i know my son loves them", 1.0
"This is a great lego set.  My 1 1/2 year old son loves them.  He crashes the truck and Caravan all the time and they never break.  He really likes the Bob and cat that come with it.  These are also the right size to use with the Bob click brick sets.  This truck fits in to the parking thing with the talking click brick trucks", 5.0
"oF COURSE, THIS IS EVERY CHILDS DREAM !!!!!! THESE PETS, THE TURTLES, ARE THE BEST! I GOT THEM AND PLAYED WITH THEM FOR ALONG TIME!!!!!! I WISH I HAD EVERY ON OF THEM!!!!! AND IF I COULD, I WOULD RATE THIS A BILLION STARS!!!!!!! I RECCOMEND THIS TO ANYONE WHO LOVES BUT CAN'T HAVE REAL PETS, CAUSE THEY WOULD REALLY LOVE THESE "LITTLEST PETS!!!", 5.0
"We just got this for my daughter's 5th Birthday. This toy was what received the greatest excitement. While opening presents, my daughter exclaimed at the the top of her lungs, "I got a Brietta Pegasus!" The pegasus itself is durable, beautiful, and creatively sparks hours of imaginitave play. I didn't think it was a big deal trying to get it out of the box. Many toys are packaged that way these days... Perhaps an anti-theft plan. I just got some scissors and Brietta was out to play. So far we also haven't had any trouble with the wings. If they do fall out occasionally- they pop right back in. A small price to pay for such a well-loved toy that my 5 year old plays with for hours. As a mom who also loved unicorns and Pegasus ponies as a girl, I'm glad I can give that magic to my own girls", 4.0
"THIS TOY IS GREAT FOR MANY REASONS!! Tengamo are collectible gaming magnets with funny characters. You get 6 in a pack and really cool stickers! Each character has point value and rarity. If you're lucky, you might get one of the very rare Tengamos and sell it for $$$$ on Ebay! You can also play hundreds of games with the Tengamo magnet special design and little steel ball that comes in the pack. Hurry to collect all of Series 1 before it is "retired" for Series 2.", 5.0
"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED", 5.0
"I went online to look for other Little Tikes toys with the handle and saw that this truck - which my 17-month old son loves - only had two stars and I wondered why. I disagree with most of the other reviews. The handle on top makes it easy for him to push around and carry - he can run it up slopes, on the ground, anywhere. He has never fallen or injured himself on it. In fact his frustration occurs because he can only pull the dump truck end up about 50% of the time. Usually he just hands it to me, and points that he wants it open. I do agree that the handle does make it difficult to put large items in the back and that the opening at the end of the dump truck makes it difficult for items to fall out. This is the only reason I'm not giving this toy five stars. But my son loves this truck and has pretty much been playing with it constantly since we got it about a month ago. I'm planning to get him the train with the handle because he likes this toy so much.", 4.0
"We stretched it across our pool but we have a stoper in the line so you fall in the pool. we just used some special clamps and a high compression spring. The kids love it because they can fly right into the pool", 5.0
"It's cute, well packaged and easy (but time consuming) to put together.  For the price it can't be beat.  Too bad there's no photo.  She'll use it for a while and we'll sell it online when we are done and probably get most of our money back", 5.0
"This is the perfect size swimming pool for my 21 month old. She loves this pool. I love the fact that only the top ring has to be blown up then once you start filling it with water - it stands up. Less risk of tears or holes! The only thing I would recommend would be some sort of cover for it since it does not come with one", 5.0
"My daughter got this pool for her first birthday and she loves it.  This pool is big enough that I can just get in with her and we have a blast.  Because of her age I don't fill it up all the way and it still works just fine. (it just looks a little funny) I found it really easy to set up and easy enough to pack away.  I was a little confused at first when folding it up but within moments I had it put away and every time I use it I find it easier and easier. This pool is great for traveling to Grandma's house too!  I would recommend this to anyone young and old", 5.0
"I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and size of the pool.  The price is quite reasonable, and I was not expecting such a great deal", 4.0
"I liked the pool for this very hot summer that we have had; I would recommend a cover for it", 4.0
"These Weebles are bigger then the ones that come with the box sets", 1.0
"T.J. is a great learning tool for children.  All the stories have been wonderful lessons for children as well as helping them to read", 5.0
"When my 3-month old nephew received this for Christmas, my 15-month old and 3-year old immediately started fighting over it.  They played with it so much that we decided to buy our own, even though I thought they might be too old for it.  Two months later, it is still the hottest toy in our house.  The shapes are vibrant colors, rattle, and have rounded edges, making them easier than most shape sorters for younger children.  The top and bottom pieces screw off to remove the shapes, and my 3-year old can take them on and off herself.  My kids also like to lay the top and bottom pieces on the floor and set the shapes on them like it is a puzzle.   They also like to play "catch" by rolling the sorter back and forth to each other.  I would say this is one of the best toys you can buy for a 6-18 month old", 4.0
"I wanted my daughter to be able to listen to music without headphones.  This product, the FP3 Speakers, was perfect.  She loves to walk around from room to room singing her favorite songs and carrying this around.  It is easy to turn on and very kid friendly.  The only downfall is that the price dropped right after I purchased it!", 5.0
"My son received this when he was 15 months old and has never stopped playing with it regularly.  He loves putting things in the back and zooming around the living room.  Great buy", 5.0
"Very pretty game and fun; but for OLDER children.  This game has way too many cards to be played properly for my [..].  This is going to stay on the shelf until she can play with all the cards", 5.0
"What a great game! My 4 year old loves the disney princess. It is such a great educational toy. We love it", 5.0
"This game is make-involve, make-think and fun. Side effects leave you much smarter. Its fun game for parties driving everyone to involvement and fun.", 1.0
"Art of asking questions and elimination gets better and better just by playing this game !!!!!. Strongly recommended for parents who want their kids to spend time on creative and learning game, yet fun. They can be be part of game and share there thoughts. Though it recommends age 10+ might as well be good for 7+ to 100+ ..."", 2.0
"I wish I had this game little earlier, never stop telling how much its fun and good for personality development!!", 5.0
"This is a game that will help you practice, while you are having fun, to ask the right questions, to zero in on the answer and at the same time keeping tab of the progress. I believe it is the right questions that you ask that help you succeed in a game or in life.This is a game with a educational value that will enhance your creative thinking with a dose of fun.If you liked Pictionary you will love Questionary.", 1.0
"much smaller than i imagined it would be, but then again i am not very good with measurements.", 5.0
"it is a very cute doll and my niece loved it", 5.0
"I bought her and veronica too! I love to them!!I play Archie and date them..they are my fun girls!! My wife likes them too", 5.0
"SHE'S A BEAUTIFUL DOLL. I LOVE THE BLONDE PONYTAIL AND THE MAKE-UP IS FINE. I EVEN LIKE THE JEANS. BUT WHY THE UGLY WHITE UNTUCKED SHIRT AND THE SUPER-SHORT PINK SWEATER??? IT JUST LOOKS TAKCY TO ME. IF I BUY HER SHE WILL BE WEARING A NEW SHIRT RIGHT AWAY. OTHER THAN THAT SHE'S A LOVELY DOLL. AND I, LIKE THE PREVIOUS REVIEWER, ALSO REMEMBER AND LOVE THE ARCHIE COMICS FROM MY CHILDHOOD. A 5 STAR DOLL EXCEPT FOR THE SHIRT", 5.0
"I have loved reading Archie comics since I was in high school. I was thrilled to find the Archie dolls for sale. Thanks", 5.0
"This is absolutely adorable.  Not only is it a great jack in the box for a boy or a girl but you can also play peek a boo with the monkey.  My daughter is 20 months old and she loves it!!!", 5.0
"We purchased this set for my son Christmas 2003.  He loves it.  The age range on the listing is off, though.  It should be the same for any of the Little People toys - 12 or 18 months and up.  There are no small parts.  Highly recommended and fun during the holidays or any time", 5.0
"This was the webkinz my daughter wanted, and she's been very happy with it.  There was a delivery problem, but the seller from whom I bought it was a pleasure to deal wit", 1.0
"We  bought two sets of the Alphabet Foam Play Mats - so glad we did!  We have a concrete basement floor, and now the kids have a nice, colorful, and soft place to play.  Plus, the foam floor isn't as cold as the concrete - wer're in Colorado.  The colors are great - so inviting.  The pieces fit together perfectly, and the border gives it a finished look.  Great purchase!  We'll probably buy more so that we can increase the size of the play area!", 5.0
"He loves the Dog. I has very happy to find him. Since Toy Story was out 10 years ago I did not thing i would ever find  Slink my Grandsons favorite", 1.0
"Along this is not the most exhilirating toy.  However, my son has collected many of the Toy Story Toys and enjoys playing with all of them together.  For any child who does this you need to have Slinky Do", 4.0
"I added this toy to my son's xmas list. With much luck he did get it; and we are pleased ! I would not say that it's a "fun to play with" toy but the entertainment value still exists. The planets are large enough without being overbearing up on the ceiling. They glow at night..which is the best part !! At 36 years old I can't wait for  nighttime to hang in my sons room to check out the  planets!  The stars the set comes with are perfect. They are NOT the bulky plastic ones that can be seen day or night. They are paper stickers that disappear during the day (on the celing they do anyway) The planets come with name stickers which adds educational value. My son is five and LOVES, LOVES, LOVES these planets. I say get 'em !!", 4.0
" Lisa Avilio-Meyer", 1.0
"My nephew who is 3 years old got My First LeapPad not to long ago and he loves it. He loves train so he got one that is Thomas the train and he playes it the morning when he get up and at night before he goes to sleep. There are many different types, and they are everywhere you just have to know where to look. For instance [...] Over all I think this is an amazing learning toy for toddler and young kids who look forward to reading and writting.", 5.0
"I really like My first leap pad and so does my 3 year old son.", 5.0
" I bought it for him for Christmas last year (he was 2 1/2 then)and though some the activities we're alittle hard for him to start with, there were still plenty of things he could do with it.Every picture you touch the pen on says a frase/says the name of the object or make a sound,so even without playing the games he still had great fun with it.", 4.0
" A year on,he can now play all the games on it and has recently noticed letters make words,so now he touches the words and the leap pad reads it for him,so he is still learning from this toy after a year!", 4.0
" I will be buying more my first leap pad books for him this Christmas,this toy is worth every penny", 1.0
"Got this as a gift and it was one of the first things she "played" with, well more like laid and stared at.  Now she's 4 1/2 months old and she still loves it.  She loves to grab at the fish, shake the rattle and twirl the lobster.  For awhile, it was a whole new toy every week because she would notice something new on it.  Great for putting her down and keeping her entertained while mom grabs a bite to eat.  Also good to take places because of the hard plastic bottom.  Music isn't too annoying either", 1.0
"great poseability and a fun transformation.  the super robot mode helmet is a little goofy looking when it's on but other than that he's fantasti", 1.0
"thease dolls are ok i agree with the other reviewer that the third edtion is wayyyyyyyy better roxxi is kinda ugly lol  phope is nic", 1.0
"My 22-month-old has loved this toy for almost a year.  The shapes are attractively colored and very pleasing to hold, and the attached hammer never gets lost!  All in all, a very nice version of a timeless toy", 5.0
"My 5 and 7 year-old granddaughters love Baby Alive. This doll held their attention even to the exclusion of the other stuff they "really wanted" for Christmas. And the doll is adorable! Even the adults were fascinated. Fun and educational", 5.0
"I've enjoyed playing this game with people from around the world- it seems to work best with a group of people who haven't been hanging out together since childhood. It gets people talking and makes for an evening of all sorts of interesting stories- and you get to find out what interesting people your friends are", 5.0
"This is perfect for any Kurt Cobain/Nirvana fan. It looks great, definitely reminiscent of the Smells Like Teen Spirit music video. I bought it as a gift but almost kept it for myself! If you are thinking of getting it, I would recommend you do so. You won't be disappointed", 4.0
"This is a very pretty doll. I waited until this year to buy her and got her for only fifteen dollars. In my opinion that is the only way to buy these fancy dolls--ON SALE! Otherwise they are just too darn expensive. I give this particular doll 4 stars. She has a pretty face and I like her hair. I think the dress is a bit overdone but that is just me. I have very simple tatstes", 4.0
"I bought the African-American 2005 Holiday Barbie for my little girl.  I agree with her statement that "She's too pretty to play with!!".  Mattel did an amazing job this year.  The face on this doll is EXQUISITE. "Miss 2005" is absolutely proportionate in classic Barbie terms. The gown's colors definitely put you in a festive spirit.  In fact, the ball gown, as a whole, is supernaturally beautiful.  Picking Bob Mackie as this year's designer was nothing short of GENIUS.  When I saw that Mackie was the HOLIDAY designer, I knew that Mattel had finally gotten it right!", 5.0
"this is a great toy, i play with it all the time and it still works", 5.0
"Really nice toy.  But I don't understand why there are only 3 knobs on the grill but there are 4 burners...I think this might confuse some of our future fast food employees....", 5.0
"I remember playing this game as a kid.", 5.0
"Im sure glad someone still makes it.", 5.0
"Good family fu", 5.0
"I don't have the tin version but an earlier version.  The cards look different but the game is played the same.  I have been playing this with my now current 10 year old for 2 years and we both love it.  A little luck, some strategy, and a whole lot of fun.  Don't let the age levels fool  you-adults will enjoy this as well.  A classic that will never go out of style", 5.0
"My 4 1/2 year old recieved this red engine last Christmas, and for the first couple of months was used practically every day. (And yes, I agree with the rest of the reviewers- buy rechargable batteries since this engine eats them, and prepare to be disappointed since it cannot pull many cars up the hills without getting stuck.) I will tell you that I cannot BELIEVE my son has not touched this engine since. His complaint is that all it does is go around and around. Instead, he enjoys playing out stories from Thomas, or making up his own train sagas. My husband likes to watch the engine more than my son. I don't know how other children play with their trains, but the battery operated engines just cannot hold his attention for very long. Nevertheless, for the first few months, watching it is really mesmerizing, I could watch it for hours. Perhaps instead of buying this one engine, purchase a setup with more cars and track for the same money. It will probably get more use in the end", 5.0
"Why people purchase a toy for tikes when it is specifically targeted at older kids is beyond me. Always look at the box for the minimum age a toy is best for. That said, all LTTO taggers, including this one, have a simple "grab and go" game called LTAG. All you have to do is pull the trigger twice and you're on your way. This is early in the manual, way before all the complicated games that frustrate 6 year olds and their parents.", 5.0
"I love LTTO. I even run a club that uses it here in Auburn, WA. But I *always* start new players out with LTAG, then move up to hosted games, and then to the more complicated games. Never try to start out by hosting a team Hide and Seek game, 'cus it's just too much for a young or completely new player. But that's why the LTAG game exists! Just grab it and play! No messing with the control panel.", 4.0
"Don't take a low rating based on an inapproprate purchase as worth much. Similarly, take my rating with a grain of salt since I'm a huge fan. But for kids 8 and up to adults, LTTO taggers are a wonderful, durable, and long lived toy that gets you moving AND thinking", 1.0
"This was a christmas gift, however I can rate it on the base that I own one just like it.  This is good for a lifetime of fun", 5.0
"This is a challenging game, even for adults.  It's great for getting both sides of your brain going.  Questions range from easy to difficult and topics cover pop culture, history, and science. Great game to play with  teams", 5.0
"We had a blast making up our on questions and  playing this game. The guys played it and the guys never want to play games", 4.0
"It would be easier to keep score on a book that is not glossy or bound; ink smears, pencil does not show up, and writing in the crease is difficult.  They should include a score book similar to the typical baseball scoring books; spiral bound, paper.  Other than that, the product is exactly what we were looking for.", 5.0
"My 4.5 year old loves this! Awesome way for young kids to learn God's word! I wish there were more. My daughter hasn't put it down since we bought it", 5.0
"I purchased this card game as a spur of the moment christmas gift for my son who loves monopoly but can get no one to play the board game because of how long the board game version takes. My son as well as the rest of the family was wonderfully surprised to find this monopoly card game addictive and fun to play.  Each of the hands goes quickly and the goal of $10000 is very attainable to reach in a fairly short period of time. I will have to admit 3 people was a bit more challenging and fun than just 2 and we decided it would be easier to keep score of the money by using pencil, paper, and a calculator. Overall, I highly recommend this version", 5.0
"This pack makes this game more fun and allows more people.  The rules change a little when using it, but they are easy to understand and lots of fun.  I highly recommend getting this pack if you have ever wanted to play with more people", 5.0
"My 2.5 year old Border Collie just loves the tunnel and we train with it a few times per week.  Since the agility tunnels for dogs are a bit pricey, I decided to try this more affordable kid's tunnel instead. It's not as heavy and robust as the official agility tunnels, but it has been serving me great for just about a year - there's just some minor wearing around the rings and small toe nail runs in it - but it's still very usable.", 5.0
"My ratings would change a bit for kids though - probably a 3 for educational and 5 for durability", 5.0
"I've read the other reviews...as I was skimming the website to order another of these wands.  Guess you folks had a bad batch of wands, because my son is crazy about his.  We gave it to him shortly after his 2nd birthday, and it's one of his favorite toys!  Yes, it is messy...it's a giant bubble wand...when was the last time you played bubbles that there wasn't a mess?  But if you keep it out doors, I don't see the problem.  My son was able to make bubbles right away (something he wasn't able to do with smaller wands since he can't seem to blow (he sucks air in instead of out).  His father and I played for over an hour with this wand...taking turns making the bubbles and letting him pop them (and vice versa).  I don't know why the other folks had some difficulty...but I would highly recommend this toy for a 2-3 year old.", 5.0
"We wanted to purchase more traditional toys for our daughter for christmas 06.  We bought a lot of M&D toys and this by far was the better of their toys.  Even though our daughter is still a little young to put pieces together properly it will be even better when she figures this out.  Like other said the sound is very appropriate.  I like this toy and definitely recommend this to others. The only reason I gave it a 4 is colors on blocks could be a bit brighter or more colorful", 5.0
"My mother-in-law purchased the sandbox for my son, who was not quite two at the time.  He has played with it everday for the last four months straight.  I can't even hide it from him.  He loves filling the sandbox with other trucks that he has.  This toy keeps him occupied for hours.  He has so much fun with it that we are using others for his second birthday", 5.0
"This is a great (and relatively cheap) way to expand your Brio starter set.  A nice selection of straights, curves, and a few switch tracks that really add to the interaction / fun.", 5.0
"While Brio in general is expensive, this track pack represents a pretty good value (v. buying switches, curves, straights, etc on their own.... although you'll "need" to do that eventually too!).", 5.0
"The finish, fit, and quality is great.  Worth the money considering the play it'll get & it's durability", 5.0
"Great idea to hang clothes. The hangers are not long enough to keep the clothes on.  If your child is like mine who loves to dress and re-dress dolls, the armoire is not big enough if you purchase more then 3 outfits. The price is great now. I paid $20.  Great item just wish it was a little bigger maybe even a drawer.", 5.0
"My 3 yo twin boys love this, but one station is a little difficult to maneuver, it is very sensitive, even for my 6 yo boy. All in all, I would recommend this for all those little train lovers!", 5.0
"My son loves this game.  When moving around the tracks, in the one game it can be difficult, the key is if you moving up or down, depending on which direction you need to go, push the joystick the direction once and let go, after that push the joystick the direction the train needs to go. I hope this helps.  My son will be 3 in less then a month and it took him a week to figure out how to move around the tracks.  Mom, dad and sis had to play before that.  The other games are a little easier, but I found the games educational and my son loves it", 5.0
"My child loves this little crib.  I think the canopy was the winning feature and the rollers.  She can easily move it without having to carry it to the next room.   All her dolls fit the crib.  We really think it works.  It isn't as sturdy as a wooden crib, but it hasn't come apart on us", 5.0
"               I am the Star Wars Fanatic", 5.0
"I really like this toy! It has firing misiles and stickers to put on the vehicle. And, you can open the wings! This is a great toy!", 1.0
"if you dont have a obiwan pilot just buy a rebel pilot an put it in the ship I did it a I licke it and if you have obiwan imagine it change cloth.", 1.0
"I thinck this starfighter is best only for the colors because for me al jedi starfighter are the same and the firing misiles I tacke them out because then they get lost", 5.0
"This is an awsome ship! Well at least Anakins is. My cousin has a green Anakin jedi starfighter and I want to get the new Obi-wan Kenobi one that is coming in September. The only thing that is not good about it is that there is a little opening in the cockpit that Anakin's hand (the Green ship comes with an Anakin that has a normal hand and one holding a lightsaber) fell through", 1.0
"I think that this was a great gift and definitely worth the money. I gave this to my 3 1/2 yr old niece as a Christmas gift. She loves the Wizard of Oz. She is a big fan of dress up clothes and I also have two more nieces that roughly the same age so there was an outfit for each of them.", 5.0
"I bought a set of these Uno cards for my 9-year-old grandson, a Nintendo "freak." The first night he had them he played three games with whoever was handy, and spent an hour alone arranging the cards just so. He took them to bed with him. A few days later he dashed into his other grandparent's house showing off his fancy deck of Uno cards and insisted that they play a game. He even wrote us a Thank You note telling us that the cards were the "coolest present I ever got."", 4.0
"The rules of the game have not changed, just the look of the cards. Nintendo characters, in all their bright colors, are the "suits." The cards are housed in a metal box, a throwback to the front half of the 20th Century. Excellent art work on the cards and on the box.", 2.0
"The cards and the game are appealing to all ages. I enjoyed playing and getting acquainted with the Nintendo characters (my grandson explained them all to me). This is a great family game and this Nintendo set is a great gift. It helps close the "generation gap." I highly recommend this item. Enjoy.", 5.0
"One last thing: I bought a second deck for another grandson and his response was pretty much the same.", 5.0
"Now you can add Risk to your libary in this handsome bookshelf edition.  The game remains a perennial favorite, and in this day and age of global conquest you can play out your vicarious need to be king of the world without harming anyone, atleast not physically.  But, be prepared for a few bruised egos, especially when combatants start teaming up on weaker victims.  While the places and names don't exactly match today's geographical boundaries, kids can still get some sense of the world in which we live, even if the object of the game remains to wipe each other out", 5.0
"Love this game. With family and/or friends it's one of the best card games around. It is easy and doesn't require a lot of attention (you can watch movies, talk, hang out, etc.) yet keeps your interest. It's also a game people of many ages can play because it's not too difficult. A good card game for having friends over to play over dinner or while watching a ballgame.", 5.0
"I found that for the price. this set was great!  It comes with one Rascus figure, and one shadow knight.  The catapult is very orginal, and powered by a rubber band, I got it to go 3 and a half feet.  There were also some improvements in the pieces.  For example, the flagpole was less annoying, the weapons were improved, and the head pieces came on and off much smoother.", 5.0
"Whether you are starting Lego Castle or are an expert builder, this is great set", 4.0
"We just got this lego system for our 3 year old son and he loves it!  He doesn't want to put it away or out of his sight at any time.  The Scoop and Lofty characters are easy for him to assemble and we are working on the little buildings, but he may not be quite old enough yet to assemble them.  Overall, this is a great toy for anyone who loves Bob the Builder.  We can't wait to purchase the other sets to add to the fun!!  Lego always makes great and challenging toys!", 4.0
"Whenever we take this bike to the park, boys and men of every description crown around it in awe.  My son, who is seven and so far not athletic at all, loves the recognition, not to mention the nifty spin outs he can perform for everyone watching.  We just wish it came in an adult size", 5.0
"It was what I expected and it came in time for my grandsons birthday", 5.0
"You need to be old enough to look at a set of several horse cards and decide which kind of horse show a particular hose would do best in and which horse you would get the most points for if you had that particular horse compete in a dressage show, jumper show, ect. points are added up and who evers horse earned the most points wins that horse show and that player gets to keep the cards. So I would say ages 8 to 12, but younger children could play with help from someone who can read and add up numbers.", 5.0
"There is a limited amount of rounds in a game, since there is a limited number of cards to play for each horse show so the game last around 15 minutes or so. I like this part a lot, since games like war "Chomp" can go on forever.", 1.0
"It does take a table top to play the game, I originally purchased the game for my daughter thinking she could play it on the bus with a friend, but you need to have a surface to lay out some cards. I quess you could try to squeeze them onto a larger text book laid onto your lap. But it wouldn't be easy.", 5.0
"My toddler and all of her friends love this play house.  It is great, no assembly required", 2.0
"I bought this as a Halloween gift for my then 3 year old son in 2004.  He loved its spooky sounds and the neat turns and tricks in the house.  He doesn't really use it much anymore, but now my 18 month old loves it!  He can actually follow the whole progression, turning and pulling levers and platforms at the right time.  This toy has been great for our family.  It is pretty durable, some pieces are not quite as smooth as they once were and the pop out skeleton at the bottom is not working anymore, but considering what it has gone through, it has performed amazingly well", 5.0
"Well, I just think that the little beauty on the cover easily sells this product.  Can you even imagine her tooting?  She's too cute!  The slick gentleman blowing on the whistle like it's a saxophone and he plays in a be-bop quartet of fart blowers makes me wonder if he is blowing out both ends.  This thing is going to sound like a true to life fart...but without all the hassle of the smell.  One warning...do not use this whistle on your key chain as an emergency device.  Please use a real loud whistle.  You wouldn't want to be alone in an empty parking garage with some ghoulish thug chasing you and then you just start blowing your fart whistle to get someone to come to your aid.  If I heard farts in an empty parking garage I would most likely run the other way.  This whistle is for good times only.", 5.0
"Toby is one of the regulars on the Thomas & His Friends TV series, and this little wooden tram engine is well-made and durable for those who have the wooden railway sets.", 5.0
"My only complaint - and this is very minor - is that Toby is a bit taller than other wooden Thomas engines, meaning that he cannot fit under bridges very well", 5.0
"My 7 year old son got this set for Christmas last year, and with all the toys we have for our 5 kids, this K'nex set gets the most use.  He built with it every day for months, and still builds something new about every week with it.  He has built about every model in the book and he is getting better at building his own ideas.  We've gotten a lot of the models on video tape, and he loves to show his grandparents the new ones.  I loved the sea turtle that "walked" across the floor, and he builds amusement park rides and puts little people in them.  This thing keeps him busy for hours at a time, and he's getting another tub of them for his birthday.  His little brother wants one for his birthday this year.  The motor is very cool, and he figures out how to use it with the models that don't call for it.  Since Christmas, he has only broken 2 pieces, so I thought that was pretty good.  Highly recommended", 5.0
"If you know the movies inside and out, this game is fun for the dedicated fan.  I play with my son that knows so much more Star Wars trivia than I do but find the game enjoyable.  The only minor annoyance is when you land on a pie question too many times, the DVD portion of the game runs out of questions and tells you to use a question from the card deck.  Not sure why they could not load up more questions on the DVD but maybe the game is not intended for a poor old Mom that answers so many questions wrong", 4.0
"Star Wars Trivial Pursuit Saga Edition (2005.)", 5.0
"INTRODUCTION:", 5.0
"Despite having been around since the middle of the seventies, the Star Wars series has never declined in its popularity. George Lucas created a science fiction phenomenon that has stood the test of time, and then some. And needless to say, many games have been based on the series - video games, role-playing games, and no shortage of board games have been adapted for the Star Wars universe. In 1998, Star Wars Trivial Pursuit was released. Being a die-hard fan of the series, it was by far my favorite (non video game) Star Wars game ever. Unfortunately, it outdated fast, due to the fact that it didn't cover the prequel trilogy it was immediately followed by. But in 2005, seven years and three Star Wars episodes later, a new version of the game has hit store shelves! Read on for my review of the new version of Star Wars Trivial Pursuit.", 1.0
"OVERVIEW:", 1.0
"Quite honestly, who doesn't know what Trivial Pursuit is? Well, for those of you who have been living under a rock all your life, here's the concept behind the game. Players alternate rolling a die and moving their game token across a wheel-shaped board. There are six different-colored spaces. Each color represents a different category. The player is then asked a question of that category. If he or she gets it right, he or she goes again. If he or she misses it, it's the next player's turn. At six spots on the board are wedge spaces. The objective of the game is to gain a wedge in all six colors and return to the central hub of the wheel, and answer a game-winning question. Some changes for this edition of the game are, rather obviously, the questions and overall game design being Star Wars based, and two DVDs, which contain the wedge and game-winning questions. A new concept to the game includes a player being able to "steal" if another player is unable to answer the wedge question, in the last few seconds of time. Essentially, the game play stays play to the classic stylings of Trivial Pursuit, but gives it a Star Wars overhaul. In other words, this game is exactly what it says it is.", 1.0
"REVIEW:", 5.0
"The original Star Wars Trivial Pursuit was, without question, my favorite Star Wars game of all time that wasn't a video game. This new version is a MASSIVE improvement over the old version. For starters, the new version covers the ENTIRE Star Wars film saga. The classic Galactic Civil War trilogy (Episodes IV, V and VI) AND the prequel Clone Wars trilogy (Episodes I, II, and III) all get equal emphasis. If you hated the original version for not covering the prequel trilogy, that problem has, obviously, been corrected, and in a major way. The DVDs also add a nice new twist to the game. It's good to finally have a method of setting the wedge questions apart from regular questions. And, of course, you can do anywhere from two to four players or teams. I do have a few minor complaints, though. First of all is the selection of the tokens of characters you can play as. The original version had Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia, Han Solo, and Darth Vader. In other words, a nice assortment of main characters. The new version has Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and Yoda. In other words, ONLY JEDI CHARACTERS. This is strictly a cosmetic flaw, but still, I think they could have picked a better assortment of characters than those four. Another complaint is the inclusion of a die. For those of you who never played the original version of the game, it included an electronic R2D2 figurine which would tell you how many spaces to move when you tapped its head, via an LCD screen. I liked that better than rolling a die because it helped to give the game a unique Star Wars feel that playing with a die just doesn't have. Another problem is the price of the game - I've seen it everywhere from $45 to $60! Even at the lowest MSRP, it's still a rip off. One of the biggest problems is one of the most obvious - if you're not a die-hard Star Wars fan, you will not get very far in this game. My last and biggest complaint is with the questions themselves - like the original game, they are HORRIBLY imbalanced. Some questions are so simple, a casual fan could answer them easily. Some are so difficult, even die-hards will have trouble with them. This brings me to my complaint about the DVD questions. Not only are these questions really no more difficult than the card questions, but as time ticks down, the questions become EASIER! This makes it ridiculously easy for another player to "steal" the wedge if the question receiver is unable to answer. If I were designing the game, I'd straighten up these flaws. But I'm not, and overall, I am very satisfied with it.", 5.0
"EDITION NOTES:", 5.0
"This game is a fairly recent release, and it remains readily available at most major stores that sell board-style games and movie merchandise. If you want the game, it shouldn't be too hard - just be ready to pay a fairly high price for it.", 5.0
"OVERALL:", 5.0
"Despite some minor issues, this new version of Star Wars Trivial Pursuit is a leaps-and-bounds improvement over the original game. If you're a huge fan of the series who thinks your knowledge of the series is supreme, don't hesitate to buy this game. There have been many Star Wars trivia games/books/etc. over the years, but Star Wars Trivial Pursuit is the ultimate Star Wars trivia experience. No fan should pass this game up", 5.0
"I like the language tutor and the music stuff! I also like the screen savers! It's given me great ideas! I play with  it in a different way than you are supposed to. Like if I need a story starter I go to the "Magic Act" and read the sentences for an idea", 5.0
"Our family loves this game and has played it for years.  The tiles on this version are smaller than the original and some might find them difficult to handle.  If you like Scrabble, you will love this game!", 5.0
"Even better than Scrabble, you build words on the board AND build words "up" by adding letters over existing words.  So "tree" becomes "free" and "braces" becomes "blades".  The scoring might be a little too easy, but if you're hard core, you can use the point values from Scrabble to raise the score difficulty.  The board is small so you have to start thinking up instead of out fairly soon into the game, and the game doesn't drag on for too long.  It is addictive and you will not look at words the same way again.", 4.0
"My daughter (age 13) really enjoyed this game. It provides more options than scrabble, which sometimes frustrates her because her Mom and Dad are better at that.", 5.0
"It's soo cute and cuddly! Not only is extra soft, it's small enough to fit in your palm or make a great addition to a desk. It looks realistic too, it had the little cat fur covering its eyes making it even more adorable, the only downside if you trying cuddling with it to go to sleep make sure you take out the "TY" tag otherwise you would end up with heart shape marks on your face=", 5.0
"This game is awesome!  It is addictive though so be prepared.  A little complicated once you get started, but becomes easier.  Best if someone already knows the game to teach it.  Really fun though", 5.0
"I definitely can tell when a great game show can be fun as a board game. Unfortunately, that absolutely isn't always the case. One of my all time favorite quiz shows back in the 80's was Super Password with Bert Convy. The game of course showcases a celebrity and a regular contestant trying to guess their way to guess a mystery word for a puzzle. This edition doesn't reflect on that edition. This board game edition is a example of the original Password with the late Allen Ludden. The game is still fun and enjoyable for those who actually haven't seen the original Password like myself, but it is just delightful. Unfortunately, it isn't much fun reflecting on this version and relating to the Bert Convy edition. Hopefully, when Password is remade, it will be just like the themed 80's edition of the NBC game show.", 5.0
"Price: B-", 5.0
"Game: C 1/2+", 5.0
"Fun & Enjoyment: B-", 4.0
"Overall: C", 1.0
"This is a great game! Using clues to get others to say the secret word. Another great classic game brought back by Endless! A++", 1.0
"I purchased this for my daughter a bit before Christmas and she loves it.  It is a great item for the price and does what the bigger brand names does.  Thank you", 1.0
"This is a very good Webkinz as the plush and as the virtual pet. It comes with a rare TV and other supplies. it is also very soft. The only bad thing is the price. Don't buy Webkinz online, the price can go up to $50. The real Price is $11.99, which you can find them for that price in stores", 4.0
"sure this doesn't make the popular clanking sound going down the stairs as the metal originals, but it still works well, and has been copied by many companies.  I even have one with a business name on it.  These fun, functional, and keep a kids imagination engaged.  No noise or batteries needed.  Buy someone you know this for a stocking stuffer this year", 1.0
"My 9 month-old granddaughter likes her Christmas present of Octotune;  as a matter of fact, we played with this toy yesterday when I stayed with her.  It is colorful, she can grab the legs and the music is pleasing, so it stimulates more than one sense.", 4.0
"I bought this for my year old grandaughter and am more than pleased. It is very heavy so as the child stands up to play it does not move at all. The corners are rounded so there are no sharp points for the child to hurt themselves on. It will hold their attention for quite a while as there are five activities for them to play with. The price was very reasonable compaed to other similar products.", 5.0
"I bought this set for my grandsons 2nd birthday.  My son found it very easy to assemble and my daughter in law loves it because it is a lovely piece of furniture.  My grandson loves to sit at the table and look at books or build with blocks.  This is a sturdy set that will last for many years", 5.0
"I love Melissa and Doug toys, they're always well-made and always thoughtful. They encourage learning and their pieces, made of natural material, not only hold up well but are environmentally friendly.", 5.0
"This game is a particularly nice example. It's a classic wooden puzzle with a twist. Each vehicle puzzle piece has a magnet on it and the players yank them out with a magnetic "tow truck".  Melissa and Doug have made two other puzzles similar to this, a fish puzzle and a butterfly puzzle, with the same concept.  This one, however, might appeal more to kids whose current fascinations lie more along the lines of cars and trucks.", 4.0
"One of our pieces (on the fishing version of this puzzle) did stick, but a quick rub around the edges with some sandpaper loosened it right up. The downside of using real materials is that wood does have a tendency to warp in humidity or dryness. That's a downside I'm willing to live with! Excellent toy!", 5.0
"I can't believe how well made this set is. I have been looking for good quality kitchen toys for my daughter for Christmas. I wanted something sturdy and not plastic. I just received my order today and these items are great! My son opened the box and tested them for his little sister and he can't wait to play with them with her.", 5.0
"I ordered this set and the baking set and both are made out of solid wood and are extremely durable. I am very impressed and wish amazon carried the matching coffee pot and blender!", 5.0
"I also had a problem with the velcro on the butter.  It was an easy fix with some super glue.  I think the heat during the shipping made the velcro come off", 5.0
"This was a gift to my Grand Sons (10 & 7).  They were well pleased with it.  The 10 year old has joined a Chess Club after school.", 5.0
"This product was delivered fast.......It was so easy to install.......and the light is a pretty blue just like the picture.", 5.0
"When the light is on it does not show up as well", 5.0
"If you are a hardcore Family Guy fan like me (I am actually one of the few people that watched Family Guy when it was originally on the air), you will not be disappointed with this Monopoly version. The box is beautifully designed with the Griffin family pictured on center, and some easter eggs to look around for. The board is not the most impressive one especially compared to The Simpson's and Muppets Monopoly versions but it is pretty nice with the Griffins at center. What you will love of the board is the properties, which include everything from Chris' Closet and Seamus' Lighthouse to James Woods High and Geronimo's Palace to The Clam and Channel 5 News to Mayor West's Mansion and finally Petoria, all from both old and new seasons plus some scenes from the Stewie's Untold Story movie. The property deeds are somewhat disappointing though. The do not have color watermarks like those found in the Simpson's version, but I guess they will do.", 5.0
"Peter's Fishing Boat, Hinden-Peter, Peter-Copter and the Pope Mobile replace the Railroads. I bet you will not be laughing too much when you have to pay $200.00 (Income Tax) for Volcano Insurance or $75.00 for Workplace Sensitivity Training (Luxury Tax) but hey, you can't stay mad for long at the Salesman Guy, right? It would have been cool to have Joe Swanson on the Go To Jail space and have a picture of Quahog Prison on the jail space but well, what can you do?", 4.0
"The Pewter Tokens are nice. You can chose from TV Junkie Peter, Mug in hand Brian, Nose picking Chris, Lois, Stewie in a high chair and Meg (who looks like a Peanut character). You can also order four more tokens that include The Giant Chicken, Quagmire, Joe and the Evil Monkey.", 4.0
"The coolest changes are the Chance and Community Chest cards that are replaced by the What the Deuce! and Giggity! Giggity! Giggity! cards, respectively. They are beautifully done in full color and you will find things like; Made Sheriff of Bumblescum ADVANCE TO GO, Get Liposuction and Implants Pay $100, Confederate Civil War Veterans are After You Go Back 3 Spaces, Take Big Fat Paulie to The Movies as a Favor Collect $25.00, Help Death get a Girlfriend Collect $100, and many more.", 4.0
"The money goes as follows $1 - Meg, $5 - Chris $10 - Lois, $20 - Brian, $50 - Stewie, $100 - Peter, $500 - The Griffins", 1.0
"There are no special rules for this version, which is weird since it has been the norm for some time in these special Monopoly versions.", 4.0
"To wrap it up I must say that even though they could have done a better job this is a beautiful and wonderfully done Monopoly game. Family Guy fans will love it making this a great gift. HAVE FUN", 1.0
"Hi, Esweetie I would love to be your friend.", 1.0
"Oh yeah this is a great doll you should really get her.", 2.0
"End the bratz/ my scene war", 2.0
"LENZIE:", 5.0
"The build a figure (BAF) program of Marvel legends keeps on rocking.  This time build a giant 14" Apocalypse.  This BAF is big and cool, super articulated, with sculpt and paint fine enough to be a sculpture.  For Apocalypse 5 stars.", 5.0
"For Iron Fist...  Well he's super articulated and does come with the mighty booty (that's the buttocks) of Apocalypse, but really is the weakest figure in this series.  A lot of that is just charater design though.  Green tights with an open v-neck green shirt, and what is that tattoo supposed to be anyway, ballet slippers and a dew-rag?  Pretty horrible looking.  If you can, try to find the red suit variant, at least that's a little cool.  Also, the accesories (besides the booty) are two rubbery flames to fit into his hands to give a fire fist effect.  Good luck with that.  They are kind of flimsy and hard to place in the hands.  Once you get them in you better not touch the figure again or they will fall off.  Overall, not the quatlity of figure or accesories I'd expect.", 5.0
"But the rest of the figures in the series will make up for this one, plus you do still get that booty", 5.0
"we received this for my daughter's 4th birthday.  it has been a lot of fun to play--simple enough for her to play, and hard enough to grow with her for the past year.  although it has a lot of pieces, they have remained durable and have withstood tiny fingers.", 5.0
"My daughter received this for her 5th birthday and she absolutely loves it.  It combines the classic board and memory games together.  The pieces are made of very thick cardboard and are very durable.  The only small complaint is the spinner which tends to get stuck easily.  We have played this game multiple times each day since received and she is still excited everytime we open the box.  An excellent game!!", 5.0
"Well, I got this ahwile ago I got this toy and I was very excited. I made the blanket but it was a hassel. The glue didn't work, and the instuctions are a bit ocnfusing, but It is fun when your done!!", 5.0
"My 8 year old son LOVES this toy. He has spent many hours acting out the cartoon and loves that fact that the cape pops out at the push of a button and winds back in by moving a leg back and forth. He likes the food dish that shoots the disc. and also thinks the cryptonite is cool!!! It says it changes colors when warm, but we havent seen that. Maybe nn to run it under hot/cold water?! Overall a fantastic buy", 5.0
"Insta Sundae in a Can: Simply take the can and squirt some of the stuff into a bowl, cover it in whipped creamand chocolate sauce, put a cherry on top and, voila, you've instantly created a sundae", 5.0
"it is fun to play with and kind of educational because you have to strap the babies in their car seats", 5.0
"My daughter absolutely loves Rarity. It is the perfect size and goes everywhere with us.  The bright colorful hair is fun to play with", 4.0
"This play tent is great - my son got it when he was 1 and still loves it a year later.  He brings toys in there and "hides" to play.  It is not unsafe, it will tip over at times, but it's so lightweight that it could not hurt him.  I think that it's a great buy for the money and would recommend it", 5.0
"My 3 1/2 year old son has older sisters with iPods and always wants to use them to listen to.  We bought this for him for Christmas and he calls it his iPod and he absolutely loves it.  We download new songs and stories from time to time as a reward.  We also bought the speakers for him to listen to stories or songs while going to sleep or just hanging out at home.", 4.0
"It's tough and durable and withstands being dropped and rough handling like a 3 year old dips out", 5.0
"I got this for my 6 year old son with moderate autism. what a god-send! he uses it every day, for several hours. i bought the speaker accessory so he doesn't have to use the head phones all the time. it is so easy to change the song list. he is able to use it independently, except for pushing the song vs. story button. the icons and ability to customize the icons have made it so he can quickly search for what he wants. i found the drawing screen for the icons challenging at first- but even me with my lack of artistic talent was able to accomplish the task so he knows them. i would give this my highest recommendation- very tough player- dropped who knows how many times- yet keeps going. the best thing i've purchased for him in a very long time. well worth the money.", 4.0
"It is an okay seat. My only complaint is that my son has slightly chubby legs and the area on the chair where his legs go and the whole "pummel" thing seem kind of tight and uncomfortable for him. We started him in it at about 4 months. He sits in it for only short periods of time, he gets uncomfortable pretty fast. Otherwise, a decent chair", 5.0
"I'll start off by saying that THIS is the company to buy Naruto headbands from. It is high quality fabric that is very comfortable on the skin and the length will fit around anyone's head (trust me, I have a pretty big head). The insignia plate is made out of real metal and is engraved superbly. A velcro padding on the back ensures that the plate doesn't touch your forehead and cause discomfort. In other words, this headband is like it was plucked out of the show itself, and for the price, it is a very nice addition to any Naruto fan's wardrobe", 5.0
"I got this for my 3 year old niece. She loves it and requests that it go with her all the time. The box to hold all the pieces is handy, the magnets are easy and there's lots of variations of outfits. Having 2 dolls makes it easy for friends, parents etc to play along and interact. The only cons I see is that the box with all the pieces is a bit heavy, it could use a handle. And the magnets are strong but sometimes the pieces slip a bit. All in all, a great gift and toy!", 4.0
"My 3 year old daughter has this dress up set and it is great for little hands that are not coordinated enough yet to dress and undress actual Barbi dolls.  She loves changing their outfits and switching their accessories - and I love that she can do this without any frustration.  Mellissa and Doug toys are made with the quality of older toys - they are well constructed and made to last - and the sturdy box allows for easy clean up and storage.", 5.0
"It is a little smaller than I expected...But I guess i shoulda wrote down the measurements and took a tape measure in the room before hand. Other than that, It's perfect. My son's room has an Atlanta Braves theme so the colors are perfect. The main reason I bought this was to use as a toy box. So far, it's worked out great! I don't have or plan to put books on top so the fact that the bookends are small don't bother me. The only thing I have sitting on top is a teddy bear and a piggy bank.", 5.0
"We recently purchased this toy storage unit for our 22 month old son and we couldn't be happier. It is sturdy and durable..a hard combination to find these days, looks great but most of all is very functional and user friendly!! It only requires 14 screws to assemble and it looks great. Our son can't wait to get up and play, yelling toy box and jumping out of bed to grab a bin.I will purchase more of these for the different "toy" areas of our home and would certainly give it as a gift", 5.0
"I bought these stilts for my 10 year old daughter.  My other children who are 8 and 9 love them and so do all of their friends.  They are affordable and sturdy!!  I recommend them !!!", 5.0
"Wingo looks like the real car from the movie, drives great, it was a hit with both my boys ages 3 and 6.  The color on the car is bright and just like the one in the movie, the back of the car is exactly like the one in the movie.  My boys were very excited to see it!  They play and act out the whole cars movie with all their cars", 5.0
"I love this toy! I'm 12 years old and I still love to play Barbie's! I would reccomend this toy to any mother who has a little girl or boy that loves to play Barbie's", 5.0
"I bought four of these for my husabnd, son in law, daughter and myself for Christmas. I wrapped a bag of marshmallows for each of them and gave them the wrapped guns and marshmallows on Christmas eve. The second they opened the marshmallows they knew what was in the box. They ripped into them and were shooting each other like crazy. They had a blast! I will tell you that the marshmallows do hurt at close range when the gun is pumped way up. My dogs loved it too. They ate all the marshmallows that fell to the floor. Well, not ALL of them..I did find some in the Christmas tree and on the bookshelves. (Yes they played with them in the house.) One trick...to get the marshmallows to shoot really well, we genlty rolled them in our hands from side to side to make the mallow just a bit skinnier. Stale marshmallows work great too", 5.0
"   Ms. Pac Man was always my game back in the day.  She just seemed less clunky than her male predecessor.", 5.0
"   I just received this game in the mail today and after a mad scramble for eight (count 'em EIGHT) AA batteries I got down to business.  I admit that I bought this game for Ms. Pac Man, exclusively.  Here's what I found, in a nutshell:", 5.0
"Pros:", 5.0
"1) Graphics & sound are faithful to the old arcade game with the minor exception of the placement of the score, lives and fruit.  No problem.", 5.0
"2) Old skool joystick.  Nice touch.", 5.0
"3) Plug 'n play set-up.  No brainer.", 4.0
"Cons:", 5.0
"1)  I honestly don't mind cords one bit.  The eight batteries can be a bit of a logistical problem as I don't usually have a dozen-or-so batteries lying around at any given time.", 4.0
"2)  My main gripe is that the joystick is frustratingly unresponsive and has the habit of moving Ms. Pac in directions I don't want her to go.  I understand, however, that the previous version of this game was worse in this regard and has been slightly improved in this version.  Fair 'nuff.", 5.0
"   All-in-all a neat little contraption that is every bit as addictive as it was in my youth.", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my 3 year old son before his baby brother was to be born.  He absolutely loves this doll!  I babysit during the day and he took care of his baby right along with me while I cared for the baby I keep.  He had regressed and started wetting his pants again when I began babysitting but is now going to the bathroom on his own again after getting this doll and having his own baby to care for!  The yawn as some other reviewers have said does sound a bit weird but it IS only a doll!  If the baby is not attended to properly to make her stop fussing or to put her to sleep then she'll eventually just do it on her own so it's not frustrating for my son, great for younger kids.  My husband did not want our son having a "girl" doll and I can't find any clothes to fit the doll to turn it into a boy so my only wish is that this doll was also made as a boy or at least boy clothes were sold for her.", 5.0
"A wonderfully complete set for toddlers to set up a complete dinner just like Mommy & Daddy.  the pieces are easily recognizable and realistic.  The children enjoy sharing the dinner with their "friends"", 5.0
"My 5-year-old adores this addition to his moonsand play set. The kit includes enough sand to make cars and other items to "run over" with the included Monster Truck. He had a ball and still plays with it at least once or so a week after a month of me purchasing it. The new inserted play mat for the original blow up moonsand kit makes it that more fun for him to play like he's at the Monster Trucks show!", 1.0
"Great Idea! for a new and fun way to make and keep moonsand play sets interesting.", 2.0
"Yes, moonsand can get messy, but didn't we all learn creatively through making messes when we were younger? I'll gladly sweep this up when he's done", 5.0
"I purchased the 12-Prank Kit for my 83 year old aunt this past Christmas.  On Christmas Morning, as everyone opened the usual boring gifts of knit sweaters and scented candles, my elderly aunt carefully tore open her Prank Kit.  It was an instant hit!  As she laid out her Fake Dog Poop on the floor next to the Christmas tree and blew her new Fart Whistle, everyone started to roll with laughter.  Oddly enough, this inexpensive little gift became the high-point of our family Christmas gift-giving.  Maybe that sounds pathetic, but my Aunt was carried back to younger days when she used to pull pranks with whoopie cushions on her little nephews. Thanks to this great little package, we all laughed so hard it hurt.  What an awesome gift", 5.0
"tamagothchis are so much fun they are really col and there a little hard to care for  and its fun watching them change they are a great item and worth there valu", 5.0
"I have a videonow player and I luv it!!! There are over 100 discs!", 5.0
"Both of my kids got these for Christmas - great idea; not as expensive as a DVD player for the car (especially for those of us who don't want the portable one/plan to get next vehicle with built in) and the picture was really better than I thought it would be.", 5.0
"However, I only got my children two discs a piece to start.  Now, NO discs worthwhile can be found anywhere.  The only ones that are ever on the racks/online en masse are the Star Wars 3 pack (none of today's kids really want that), the Tony Hawk Skate Park (obviously they aren't interested there either) and Fear Factor (let's face it, if you let your kids watch FF you need to take the VideoNow player and hit yourself in the head - HARD).And even if I do find a couple on Ebay, the selection is so limited.  I wish I'd just bought a cheap portable DVD player.  Hasbro really missed the boat on this one - it could have been a great thing but they didn't make enough discs of the ones they do produce and need to put more shows out for the kids.  My advice: Don't buy it.  I am very disappointed in the disc selection - this is already at the bottom of the toy box.", 4.0
"Webkinz Pets are an excellent choice for a child who wants to use the internet and a parent who values internet safety. The pets are adorable and my children are addicted! Fun for parents too!", 5.0
"This umbrella can be used with lots of other playsets, not just the Little Tikes brand. We use ours staked in the ground next to our Step 2 Naturally Playful sandbox/wading pool and we take it along and use it with his folding plastic chair that has an umbrella hole and clip. Great for hot days at the pool, beach or just hanging around in the backyard. It comes with a storage/ carry bag that has a carrying strap for over-the-shoulder hauling around, too. It has a wind vent at the top, but I would still close it at night or take it indoors if you have high winds, since it is a petite size and weighs less than similar full-size versions sold to adults. Nice forest green color and white pole and finial; the fabric is heavy-weight and overall the umbrella seems well-made. A great buy at this price", 5.0
"this toy teaches history and stories to improve the imaginations of kids everywhere it and its others are a must have", 1.0
"I was unable to find this product until now and it was great!!! Delivered fast and absolutely  no problems!!!!", 5.0
"My son is 11 and loved this.  He was very proud when he built it by himself.  It is very detailed and has movable parts so that you can also play with it (gently of course).  This is the type of piece that is great all by itself without getting all the other pieces in the series.  It is also a classic piece in that it doesn't have a cartoon or charter theme", 1.0
"Every time I see my twin daughters riding these bikes around I make a promise to write a review of the product. Here I am fulfilling my promise. They were able to pedal the bike within 2 - 3 days of getting them. They are a great size for two year olds plus they fold up so that I can carry both in the back of my small car (89 chevy camaro) and are light enough that I can carry them by the big handle in the back when the girls want to run instead of bike. The only drawback is that they are a little unstable on tight turns.", 5.0
"My daughter (15 months) literally started running in place with excitement when she opened this baby doll, which was a gift from my best friend.  I've NEVER seen her react like this to any gift. My daughter has continued to bring this baby doll around with her everywhere--usually she just ditches her toys and plays with the tupperware. The doll has a soft, squishy body that makes her cuddley despite the fact that she has, as my husband is constantly saying, "a hard plastic head."", 5.0
"My son needed this gun to go with his Halloween costume.  Needless to say he was thrilled with it.  It has held up under a lot of use, and the noise is not too loud and irritating.", 1.0
"My son (5 year old) chose this toy as his reward and was so excited when he received it. He and his brother and dad enjoy countless hours of pretend play as they are all Star Wars fans.  It has a realistic appearance and the sound is not irritating as are many toy guns. Highly recommended", 5.0
"This toy Is awesome, I am a starwars fanatic so I'll get anything starwars. But not cheesy like the Darth Vader voice changer. Overall this toy is great", 5.0
"The X-23 figure availible on Amazon.com is dressed in purple but there also is a black one - a variant that is alot harder to find [I resorted to eBay for mine].  The build of the figure is great - There's so much articulation, it's insane; and her feet claws actually tuck under her shoes so they can be concealed which is beyond cool.  The articulation, for the most part, is great.  My only qualm with it is it makes her arms look funny but I can deal with that.  She's barely 6 inches tall, I don't expect her to be perfect.  However, the reason I'm giving her three stars is because I feel the purple outfitted one is far inferior to the black outfitted X.  I recieved my black clad X-23 first and expected the same figure but in a purple for my other one but I was wrong.  The black X-23 has very dark brown hair that lays straight and lank while the purple X-23's hair is jet black and windblown which makes her head almost impossible to move around.  Also, the thing that bothers me the most is that X's eyes are green on the black suited version but on the purple suited version, they're orange.  I am a big X-23 fan and I understand that when she's "triggered", her eyes go crazy reddish orange, but that's not something I really want to see sitting on top of my computer monitor.  It's kind of creepy!  And on a sidenote, when did X-23 wear purple?  In her comics she was either in black, dressed as a civilain or in the old Wolverine costume [which you can see in the comic that comes with X-23].  I would've prefered a variant wearing the Wolverine costume while the black X-23 was mass produced.  So, personally, I would recommend hunting down the variant of X-23 for your collection.  She looks nicer and, I think, is more true to the character", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my daughter almost a year ago now. She still plays with it all the time. It is by far her fav toy. The only problem is that it's a bit too load and no way to turn it down, or off. Well, besides that it is a perfect toy for small kids. My daughter is almost 4 and still is not tired of it", 4.0
"The is one of the fastest and easiest to learn games I have ever played.  The first time we played was on Christmas Day.  We had 10 players that ranged from 16 years to 77 years and everyone loved it.  We played for over 3 hours and decided we had to stop to eat.  It is also a great way to break the ice.  I would recommend this game to anyone whether you are a big game player or a beginner, this game can't be beat", 5.0
"Okay, we all know about the Disney CARS craze and trying to hunt down all the new die-cast characters Mattel puts out. These 1:24 scale models are very, very nice and the size is perfect for young boys, girls or collectors.  The only downside is that they only made Mater and McQueen. Who wouldn't love to see Chick Hicks or The King in 1:24 scale?! Come on Mattel! Get with it!!  ;", 4.0
"My son has really enjoyed this, however, after marks are made with the "washable" markers, it actually takes about 3 washings to get the marks out but they do come out eventually", 4.0
"Very interesting spoof of the original game.  I found the first one boring after a few plays, but this one still interests my kids and I after 10+ plays.  It's a bit convoluted to put it together initially, but well worth it", 5.0
"After I saw the advertisement for Clue DVD I immediately went out to buy it. I've always been a fan of Clue and this updated version provides players with some new twists and excellent graphics.  While you are playing the game, the Butler and an Inspector often appear to provide you with Clues about the case. Another addition to the game is added locations and having to figure the time of the crime.  Any Clue fan will appreciate this version", 5.0
"     I always thought Clue looked like a complicated game I'd never touch!  That is until I played it at my friends house!  Now I'm a Clue fanatic trying to collect all the versions!  This game can never get old because it's a different outcome every time!  I strongly reccomend it to anyone 8 and older", 5.0
"This is an extremely fun and addictive game. You shuffle the cards, and place three (room, weapon, person) in the secret envelope. In every room you go into, you can make accusations. If someone has the card you accused (like the room), then they show it to you and you write it down on your notepad. The game changes constantly, so it never gets boring. The character pieces have teeny details, like Mr. Green has straps and buckles on his briefcase. I gave it 4 stars for education because it teaches you to focus and really THINK. Oh, and good problem-solving skills too. And coordination (you have to add all the clues up to see who did it). All in all, a terrific game. Great for rainy days or playdates. And did I mention the weapons? Very realistic. And cute", 5.0
"This was a little difficult to figure out in the beginning - Actually had to read the instructions - but it was very fun and very disney.  Fam loves it", 5.0
"My son received this game for Christmas and it is by far his favorite game.  He enjoys pretending to be a detective and the game is easy enough for him to play and understand.  I just have to figure out how to get more of the scoring sheets", 5.0
"I bought this game long time ago but unfortunately all my friends were busy until X'mas. There were 5 of us and once we started playing, we were all addicted! I have heard from some other friends commented Clue was a boring game, but we all found it fun and challenging! Apart from strict logic thinking, the keys to win were to ask the right question and make a good, well organised notes! Last time we played we had 5 players, so some of us got 4 cards in hand and some got only 3 in hands. That was a bit unfair because the players with 4 cards had more clues in the beginning and so their chances of winning were higher. So we tried in one game to open 3 cards on the table, the game was finished a lot more quickly. But we all found that it was less challenging.", 5.0
"Overall, great game!! Train you brain in logic thinking as much as Sudoku and Mastermind", 5.0
"I purchased the creamy crayons for the grandkids, they really enjoyed drawing and coloring with them. Their mothers had tons of fun with them also. Something different from the markers and same old crayons. Maybe I'll get some for myself yet!", 5.0
"Our daughter is the youngest and has 2 older brothers.  Finally she is playing with a "girl toy".  She loves to put all the stuff in, makes calls, and use her "credit card".  She is only 2, but enjoys the purse very much and the boys aren't allowed to touch it", 5.0
"This is my second purchase, the first was a christmas gift for my 2 yr old niece who lives in the UK.  She absolutely adores it, and of the virtual "Toys R Us" environment she lives in, this is one of her favorite toys.  It's so popular that this second purchase is a birthday gift for one of her playmates", 5.0
"This is a great purse for my 15 month old girl who loves playing with my wallet and lipstick while riding in the shopping cart.  All the pieces are the right size for her little hands and she loves walking around with the cellphone and keys and "putting on" the lipstick.  Some of the pieces were lost easily as most of her things get misplaced but overall I'm very happy with this!  Oh, and my daughter loves it,too", 5.0
"I gave this purse to my niece for her second birthday, and she never put it down.  The keys and the cell phone were her favorite.  She put it on her arm, and was ready to go!  I would recommend this to anyone who has a gift to give a little girl.", 4.0
"They feel just like Mommy", 5.0
"My daughter got this purse for her second birthday, she loves the lipstick and the keys. great toy great pric", 5.0
"This purse is very sturdy and works well for a girl age 2-3, if you don't mind the overtly girly aspect of it (e.g., lipstick and compact). My daughter drags it around outside and in, and it holds up well", 5.0
"Our 19 month old enjoys playing with this purse. She enjoys the purse itself, the cell phone, and the lipstick the most. The mirror, keys, wallet, and credit card aren't played with much. The only complaint I have is that she is unable to open the wallet on her own. Trying to open the wallet frustrates her to no end--it's hard for a young toddler to have the dexterity to open such a thing", 4.0
"This is a must have for your little sweetheart! My daughter carries this purse around with her everywhere that she goes. It's quit interesting finding what she has placed in her purse next ;)The accessories are cute, but she'd rather use stuff from Mommy's purse. ;) The purse is oh so cute too, and durable. My daughter is 21 months old, she received this on Christmas and has been a favorite since.", 5.0
"Our almost 2-year old daughter got this for Christmas, and she still plays with it several months later.  Highly recommend.", 4.0
"The only thing missing is some dress-up shoes to go along with it :-", 5.0
"We have had this toy with both our daughters. My 3yr old still enjoys playing with it, but because it is so low to the ground my baby (almost a year) is the one that really loves it. My first daughter loved it just as much when she was about that age also. We like the shapes and the basic pots and open and closing of the doors and such. It is difficult to put things in the fridge and have them stay, but that isn't such a big deal because they play in all the other compartments. By the time my oldest was two she was ready for a bigger kitchen, but it is great entertainment for the younger!", 5.0
"My daughter LOVED this kitchen from about 9 mos. till about 13 mos., then she lost interest.  She used to dance to the sounds that it makes (which to me are fun and not irritating, like other toys).  It did sometimes go off on its own...usually if a door slammed or even thunder.  We would just turn it off at night.  This toy was by far my baby's favorite and it held her interest much longer than any other toy.  Its a great size for a busy crawler/new walker and it has enough things to open/press/drop for the 7-12 mos. set.  Though the 2 and 3 year-olds who come over have fun with it too!  I recommend this for babies younger than one year, though he/she may have fun with it longer than that", 5.0
"My daughter loves to open and close the microwave, refridgerator door, and oven door.  She also likes the sounds this makes.  My older daughter had a different model about 5 years ago which she just adored.  Both seem really good, although the prior one was a bit better...the door was sturdier and it came with shapes that were "ice cubes" - they would put them in the shape sorter door, then push a button and they would come out.  This one, you just place the food shapes in the slots and they fall out.  Also, there was a slot for the phone...this model it just comes with the phone, with no real "place" for it.  ANYWAYS, all in all, this one is good and she enjoys it (just turned 1).  Definitely good buy for 9mos+", 5.0
"I don't know why some reviewers are complaining about the size of this-just read the description.  We bought this for my 8 month old and she loves it.  It is the first toy she goes to every morning.  It is the perfect size for her and she loves opening and closing all the doors.  I think it makes an ideal first kitchen", 5.0
"My little girl loves this toy!  It's perfect for a 1-year old.  It makes sounds, has a shape sorter, and has doors to open and close.  I also recommend the set of accessories that go with it", 1.0
"My 17 month old enjoys playing with this kitchen, mimicking Mommy.  However, in the past few months she has REALLY shown an interest in  kitchen playsets for 2+ that are for the child to stand at while using.  She doesn't go to this kitchen as often as she used to.  For her, this toy seemed to be at it's prime for about 3 months (12-15 months of age) and now she has moved on to the next level of play.  It is a cute toy that introduces toddlers to kitchen "ideas", but it either needs more intrigue or a younger age to start.  I think that when she was 9 months old or even just sitting up she would have had fun playing with parts of it-opening the refrigerator/microwave/or oven, hitting the stove to make the music play or turning the "water" in the sink to make the music play.  She may have had more trouble with the shape sorter then, but I think toys are good to grow into.  I do not recommend this as a 12-month toy.  Wait a few months and buy one for 2+", 4.0
"I agree with the other reviewer that this is more like a shape sorter than a kitchen. My daughter loved it when she was 1. Now she's turned 2 and she's lost interest in it, like many other "baby toys". I had to get her a larger and more realistic toy kitchen so she can "cook" with it", 2.0
"The Sudoku board game allows players to compete in a multiplayer Sudoku game. Each player/team gets assigned a game board (mild, hot, or spicy) and races to see who can complete the puzzle first. The game includes two boards, two number sets, and one set of game cards. This game is very enjoyable and entertaining. Another neat feature is one player can use this game alone. Since the boards do not require a game card to work, the number of games is un-limited and can come from many different sources (books, magazines, website, etc), which requires you to place the given numbers yourself. This has provided us a great way to play Sudoku without the pencil and will continue to provide another way to enjoy Sudoku", 5.0
"No more quick-swingers sitting on pitches, and frustrating even the most creative movement pitchers. Now, with a quick twist of the red centerpiece, Wiffle Ball has added a new pitch - a real fastball (without the wiffled movement) - to keep those batters in check. This ball does amazing things with that little changeable ring. I just wish the quality were a little better so the red ring wouldn't fly off as easily after a well-hit pitch, which also sometimes causes the ball to start cracking around the center. But with that said, a Junk Ball easily lasts at least one 7-inning, two-out game. And, oh, the trickery", 5.0
"If you are interested in this kitchen because you would like to expose your children to new languages, I would keep looking. My goal was to expose my daughter to French, but the quality of the voice is so poor that I can barely understand what is being said in English! The quality of the construction is fine but, frankly, you're paying for the added bonus of the languages and it simply isn't worth it. I would recommend looking for a regular kitchen, whose design you like, and finding another way to introduce language", 5.0
"This kitchen is reasonably priced with lots of kitchen accessories. My 2 1/2 year old daughter has fun playing with it when she's in the mood to play kitchen. It has most of the "kitchen" things you'd think of: sink, dishes, pots, pans, oven, mixer, etc. The food has RFID chips built in so when you put them in the pan/pot on the stove, it speaks and says things like, "mmm, eggs... and... bacon, you're a great cook! (frying sound)". This mostly amazes adults.", 4.0
"The biggest gripes are the oven is unnecessarily small (like they were trying the RFID in the oven as well and it didn't work) and the refrigerator door has HORRIBLE fit and won't close.", 4.0
"Overall, for the price this kitchen satisfied and has lots of accessories. If you can live with the bad fit and finish, this is one of the more bargain kitchen toys available", 5.0
"My daughter got his for her second birthday and loves it.  The toy is very durable and so much fun.  The voices are also entertaining and educational.  Our oven door also works very well.  My daughter is kind of rough and this toy lasts throughout the torment, so that's very good.  I didn't like that the voice can be kind of hard to hear and the oven is so small, but my daughter enjoys it regardless and that's all that matters", 5.0
"we bought this kitchen set for our daughter for christmas. thinking since it was little tike it would be the best buy and would stand up for a young child. i have bought little tike before. but I'm not sure I will again. the refrigerator door doesn't even come close to fitting. the oven door is warped one side doesn't close. it repeats the same phrases over and over. the tape from shipping left ink on the doors. we were very disappointed with the whole kitchen set", 5.0
"I bought this cook set for my 2 yr old little boy for Christmas, he was so excited. He couldn't wait for it to be put together so we sat down and went to work and didn't get very far. There was no stickers or screws at all. Talk about a very disappointed little boy on Christmas morning. As you can imagine I was too. So we never got to see how any of it worked. I would not recommened anyone to buy this toy.", 4.0
"I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter for Christmas, and she loves it.  The product I feel is designed well, and is small enough to fit in her room. A previous review stated they had difficulty building it, but if you follow the directions (step one shows to leave the screws loose), it goes together easily. My husband and I were able to put this together in less than 1/2 hour including trying to stop our daughter from playing with it while it was under construction. Another reviewer had voiced disappointment over the door to the fridge not closing completely. Ours doesn't close all the way, but it stays closed. No Little Tikes toy I have ever purchases has latches to close the doors. The sound level is great in the high position, and she enjoys the comments it makes. I haven't had any trouble with understanding what the voice is saying as others have commented. We're planning on buying some of the additional food sets for more play. Overall I think this was a great buy, and I feel it will be keeping my daughter (and I!) busy for many many hours ahead", 2.0
"I purchased this for my 2 boys, 5 and 3, in February. Got it on clearance at Walmart for $19, but would not have wanted to spend much more on it. I debated whether to get this or another kitchen that made cooking sounds but didn't speak in 3 languages, and since we're trying to raise our children bilingual (at least!) we thought having a talking kitchen would be preferable. Unfortunately, the voices are hard to understand - not that they're soft, but there seems to be a lot of mumbling and static, so if you don't know exactly what the voice is saying already, you wouldn't be able to learn that, for example, the spanish word for bacon is "tocino" - it sounds more like "poseena".", 5.0
"Beyond that, however, both boys have enjoyed it. It's a little small for the 5-yr old now but they both still play with it. They occasionally get frustrated that only the cookie sheet will fit into the oven (you can't put in a pot or nearly any other cooking vessel from our other playsets). The reason for this is obvious- the sensor for the talking feature is at the top of the oven, thus in order to be close enough to the food for the sensor to respond to whatever is there, the floor of the oven had to be raised rather high.", 5.0
"If I had to do it again, I would probably look for a kitchen set that only had cooking sounds and not the talking feature, as it's just not used that often in this house.", 5.0
"I'm very happy with this purchase for my developing artist who is 2 1/2 yrs old. Living in the caribbean, the sleeves are a bit long but it's exactly what you need for experimenting artists...so I just crank up the air conditioner to not let my artist sweat too much", 5.0
"I couldn't think up a better way to protect kids clothes than with this apron! The long sleeves are a great feature. It also seems to fit a wide range of toddlers and young children. I love the little pockets for supplies and whatnot. Also, it wipes clean quite easily! This apron is a winner in my book", 4.0
"Inexpensive and much better protection than dad's old shirt.  Heavy clear/printed vinyl.  Concerns about fit listed in ratings did not hold true.  Purchased for use in pre-k class and apron has lots of growing room & could be likely be used for several more years.  Nice velcro closures make apron easy for child and teacher.", 5.0
"So many art smocks are too little for elementary students, but these were big enough to both fit and cover school uniforms!  Hooray for no more paint on white shirts", 5.0
"Harder to get into than I first thought.  The kids are anxious to get to "work" and fidget getting into this, the arms are a bit too tight.  It seems bulky as well.  Better off going old school - daddy's old shirt on backwards", 5.0
"My son loves the episode II clone troopers (especially the ones from the animated 'Clone Wars' I & II series.  When he saw this, there was no question that he had to have it!  Along with the "Hunt for Grievous" clone trooper 5-pack, this is his favorite amongst all of the Star Wars action figures and vehicles.  The only draw back is the rear turret which bends when you set it on a flat surface and the repelling hooks on the back, which have long strings that seem an afterthought in the design", 5.0
"This is by far the best paint job on a republic gunship! The republic gunship has been the rarest vehicle in the prequel trilogy since 2002. It has been repainted 4 times now, and this is the most unique. It is painted to look like the gunship used in volume 2 of the clone wars, when the ARC's are going to save the jedi from general grievous. It goes along great with the hunt for grievous battle pack. You can recreate one of the best parts of the clone wars with this vehicle", 5.0
"The luckiest outcome of the prequel trilogy was the Clone Wars cartoon.  All of the toys from this series are fantastic.  My daughter literally gasped when I showed her the display I'd made.  The Tiger Shark Gunship is another good addition to the line", 4.0
"This is a fun family game.  It is educational and a good way for kids to learn the value of a dollar.  It does, however, have a million pieces that you could easily lose - which is a nightmare for mom and dad!  However, this remains one of my kids favorite games even for my 12 year old", 2.0
"I bought this game for my new family for Christmas.  This is not at all the Game of Life that I remember playing for countless hours as a child.  First of all, my old game had all of the mountains, houses, and spinner permenantly attached to the game board.  With the new version, all of these things have to be attached with each setup, which takes about 10-15 minutes and they are easily knocked off the board.  Also, the spinner is hard to spin and frequently comes off of its pivot.  The cars are less sturdy and the people pegs do not stay in the car so you are constantly having to put the people back in the car.  Finally, the rules of the game have gotten more complicated and yet the meaning of the game has become more trivial.  I think I will put this in the top of a closet or in a yard sale and go find my old version of the game to play in the future", 5.0
"Growing up, my family always loved playing games, so now that I am starting a family of my own, I've been collecting old favorites for my own "game library." The Game of Life was one of the first games I purchased, but I could not have been more disappointed in the quality of the "new and improved" game.", 5.0
"The game I grew up with had the buildings, bridges, houses, etc. permanently embedded into the game board. With the new game, these 3D decorations come off and and have to be placed on the board each time you play. This is my main complaint with the new game. Every time you accidently knock the board or brush one of the buildings with your sleeve, they fall off. Add to this the age-old problems of people not staying in the cars and the spinner not working properly (it's worse in the new game, by the way) and The Game of Life becomes a game of frustration.", 2.0
"After one game with the new game board, our family decided we would not play the game again. I am now looking on auction sites trying to find one of the "old fashioned" game boards. They really took a step backwards with this one", 5.0
"I bought this for my 8 & 11 year old girls as an extre inexpensive Christmas gift, and I was pleasently surprised how much they enjoy it", 1.0
"I got this message from the recipient's mother:", 4.0
"He loves it, really! well-made drawer - shelf design. It's heartwarming when he settles down industriously using his art supplies", 5.0
"over all a good gift for children but I feel that maybe you could have added few peices of paper. Thank", 1.0
"Our son received this as a gift, and we sent it back.  The box is made of inferior wood, and very poorly constructed.  Not really "constructed" at all - rather just glued together, and not well, at that.  Two of the corners were coming apart.", 2.0
"Also, the lid opens in two parts. The drawback: when you open or close either side, the plastic trays on the inside that hold the crayons and pastels, fall out, as there is nothing securing them to the box.  So, you have to try to hold the tray in place while closing either side.", 4.0
"We can't comment on the supplies themselves, as we did not allow our son to try them, or else he would not have been able to return the item.", 5.0
"I loved Electronic Talking Battleship as a kid in the 1980's and have been anxious recently to play this game again.  I was always excited looking through the back of the play booklet when picking out a board.  I was also always nervous when the opposing player would hit the red button, firing their missile.  You hope they'll miss but you'll get a bit nervous once they manage to hit one of your ships.  You also hope they won't sink all your ships before you can figure out where their ships are.", 5.0
"On the other hand, when you're the one pressing the red button, you're eager to hear that crashing sound - hitting one of your opponent's ships.", 5.0
"A good feature of this game is that you can play someone or you can play against the computer.  When someone plays against the computer, one usually loses.  But I recall as a kid beating the computer a few times so that's not the case here.", 5.0
"In all, Electronic Talking Battleship is worth the money and will bring many hours of entertainment.  A great investment!  - Donna Di Giacom", 5.0
"I bought this for my 8 year old. Although it took an adult to read, understand and then teach the rules of play, once we got the basic (classic) game figured out, it was easy.   There is an advance game too, but it is too complicated for us.  We enjoyed it a lot, and it makes you plan and do some thinking, as to where to put your ships.  My son always wants MORE MORE MORE when it comes to Battleship.  The game talks, and it closes up with a carrying handle.  That makes it more money than the other versions, but it is well-made and worth the price", 5.0
"This was a Christmas purchase in our house this year and we have found the game to be incredibly fun from the familiar classic level to the very strategious advanced level.  The one drawback that we have found is the annoying fact that the pegs do not fit well in the vertical grid board and are always falling out, or in the case of the planes are sometimes impossible to get out without the pliers that we keep handy when we play.  There are four holes on the grid that are part of the support pegs and these holes will not hold a peg for anything.  This really detracts from an otherwise superb game", 5.0
"Among the classic board games that has become a part of American culture.  A child is not a child unless he or she has played battleship.  A training in search patterns and comprehension of results that are returned to you.  Can you create a more effective and efficient search pattern then your peer.  Can you create a ship target pattern that is harder to detect based on the strategy your peer uses.  A great game", 5.0
"Most would say that battleships is a game of luck, yet someone known to me proved that there are some very sneaky tactics (without cheating) that you can employ to see that you win. Kind of ruins the fun, but a classic game nonetheles", 4.0
"My 9 year old son just started to understand this game, we bought it when he was 7.  He would get confused on how to call out the other persons ships.  He would say where his ships were.  This game helps kids understand they need to pay attention and coordinate where their ships are.  It depends on how quick your kids pick things up if they would enjoy playing this game.", 1.0
"If you enjoyed the traditional Battleship game, you'll really love this game.  My only complaint is that the voice announcements can be a bit garbled at times.  There is a repeat option to hear them again, and we have used that one!  Overall, a lot of fun", 4.0
"Even my 4-year-old can play this game with ease (albeit with someone older reading the cards until he got familiar with the rules).  The skills required to play the game are skills that transfer easily to everyday life...decision-making, strategizing, taking setbacks in stride...plus it's tons of fun!  I highly recommend this game to both kids and adults", 4.0
"Sorry is a now-classic game that is derivative of Pachisi, one of the oldest known board games.  Players are simply trying to get all of their pieces from their starting place to the end.  It's not that simple, though, other players can kick you back to your start (Sorry!) in their own maneuvering to get to their end.", 4.0
"This game has clearly withstood the test of time and will be a favorite in your house for many years to come", 4.0
"Sorry has been an excellent game in working with my first and second grade boys as well as my sixth grade girls. The boys can practice counting and reading while everyone has lessons in sportsmanship. Excellent choice", 5.0
"Parker Brothers' classic game, Sorry!, is one of those board games that should be in every household. An updated form of the Indian game Parcheesi, Sorry! is a competitive game of revenge where players race to be the first to get all four of their pawns into their "Home" square on the board.", 4.0
"Game play is simple: On a player's turn, he or she draws a card from the middle of the board. The cards are numbered 1-12, and there are also several special "Sorry!" cards. Most of the numbered cards indicate how many spaces forward the player can move one of his pawns, although some cards have special instructions. If a player draws a card numbered 1 or 2, they can move a pawn from Start onto the game board. (A 2 card also allows the players to draw again.) A 4 card indicates that the player must move a pawn backwards four spaces. If a player draws a 7, he has the option of splitting the move between two pawns. An 11 gives the player a chance to switch places with an opponent's pawn. And a Sorry! Card lets the player take a pawn from Start and place it on the same square as an opponent's pawn, bumping the opponent back to Start.", 5.0
"Game play can get very fierce and intense as players race around the board, trying to be the first to get all four pawns Home. If one player's pawn bumps into another player's pawn on the game board, the bumped pawn has to go back to Start-which can make the players really competitive and vengeful.", 5.0
"Sorry! is just one of those games that everyone should have in their closet. It's easy enough for kids to play, but it's fun for grown-ups, too.", 4.0
"I've played this game since I was a teeny kid and it's still a ton of fun.", 4.0
"As with most games, there are small pieces involved that very well may end up someplace where they're not supposed to, plus you can't really afford to lose any of the pieces. Plastic bag 'em", 1.0
"It's the game of *sweet revenge*. Who wouldn't like this came, a game that as been played for decades and decades. I remember sitting in our sunny sunroom with my brother playing when we were both children, I am now a mother and a Family Daycare provider and my son (6 yrs) and the children I care for enjoy playing. After school my son and the older children run and get a game to play instead of turning on the tv and 7 times out of 10 they pick Sorry. This game can be played by children as young as 3 or 4 yrs and children that are as young as 101.This is a game everyone should own!!! I think I am going to go now, get my son and have a game of Sorry", 4.0
"Some people hate monopoly, others love it.  Me, I like it.  I've been playing it for nearly 20 years, ever since I can remember.  You really should pick up this fantastic board game and play it with your family and children.  If you don't, you will be missing out on one amazingly popular game", 1.0
"The concept is more or less the same as the standard monopoly. The product is good and is worth the price. Its nice to have the family members sit toghther and Njoy", 5.0
"I remember reading LotR and I loved the series and the Peter Jackson version. Once I heard of the Monopoly edition of LotR, I was excited. I soon won the LotR Monopoly edition. I came home, invited some relatives and soon had a great time!", 1.0
"As you know, Monopoly is a game inwhich you have to be the ultimate monopoly. You buy and sell property, and if you own Mt. Doom and Bara-dur (Boardwalk and Park Place in the original Monopoly) then you get a monopoly. You can build strongholds (houses) and fortresses (hotels) and everytime a rival lands on your property, then he has to give you power (money). If you can't pay the rent then you'll become bankrupt and you are out. You also have to avoid jail.", 4.0
"There is some new tokens that resemble characters from LotR. If you had a look at the screenshots of this Monopoly game then you'll notice a lot of changes. But there is a new optional rule you can play with in this version; everytime you roll an "Eye of Sauron" (also counts as one) the golden ring will move to one territory per eye, where you can add strongholds. If you land on a territory with the ring, you may get it for FREE! If you land on an owned territory with the ring on it, you have to pay double the rent.", 5.0
"So, if you are a 100% die-hard LotR that only enjoy the books, then you can miss. But if you are looking for a Monopoly board or for LotR stuff, I recommend this game then", 1.0
"Note: If Tolkien lived to see this, he would have died immediatly. Infact, I think he's rolling in his grave as I am typing this review.", 5.0
"Monopoly is a game where you buy properties that have been mortgaged by the owners, and you must buy them for a ****load of money. It is absolutely the best board game series ever made.", 4.0
"There are tons of special editions for monopoly, for example:", 1.0
"Spongebob", 4.0
"Simpsons", 5.0
"Family Guy", 5.0
"This product is a must buy. BUY IT NOW", 5.0
"What makes this monopoly version special is the Large Tokens and the difeerent styles of houses and hotels. I love how they made the tokens bigger and heavier. The are also about four different styles of houses and hotels for a little variety in housing. The money holder has felt on it to make it a little more fancy then standard plastic and of course the case is metal instead of the standard cardboard box. Other than that it is the same game. The only complaint I had is that I thought looking at the tin on the  shelf that it was a silver and gld colored tin, but it is only siver. The gold is only on the plastic around the tin.", 1.0
"The Deluxe Edition is quite nice in that it has holders for the different cards and money", 5.0
"I check every year for an updated version of this, hoping they will add an earphone jack.  In my opinion, they just don't care.  I bought this for my daughter to use.  But the lack of earphone jack, a standard feature, in all but the most prehistoric electronic equipment, is a huge disappointment", 1.0
"My five year-old daugther wanted this Barbie computer Christmas after receiving the younger Barbie computer for her 3rd birthday.  She did not get it because it seemed expsensive but bought it herself with her Christmas money.  She loved it from the start.  She likes the games and the Spanish on it, too.  She loved the mouse at first but then realized that it doesn't travel as well as the ones without a mouse (needs a solid surface versus using it in the car, airplane, drs office).  The screen could be larger of course.  She finds some games a challenge to figure out the rules and how-tos but overall loves her computer.  She is very pleased with her purchase and I think she will be playing it for a couple years.  The games are good for the ages 5-8 range", 2.0
"My 6-year old daughter AND her friend got one of these for Christmas.  THEY LOVE IT!!!  It has tons of learning games and 5 levels on each game.  I can't tell you how much this has helped her reading and writing skills.  Once you complete a level, you get a "prize picture".  I've been looking all over for the expansion cards because she noticed that they have a slot for them.  I have had no luck.  I would HIGHLY recommend this product", 1.0
"I got this for my daughter who is 5 1/2 and she loves it.  I think it maybe a little advanced for her but she has been doing the simple math and just loves the idea of using a computer that is only hers.  I think she will grow into it.  I have two other daughters too who are younger and have handled the laptop and it seems to be holding up just great", 5.0
"Unless this product has undergone some major renovations, I would think twice about buying it.  Here's what I think of last year's model...", 1.0
"We got two Barbie B-Books for our daughters for Christmas last year and they have been quite disappointing. After thirty minutes of failed attempts on Christmas morning, our girls put them away and have hardly played with them since. The toy is rated in the 5-8 age range, but both my daughters (ages 5 and 7) have had trouble with them. I didn't expect the world for $50, but it certainly should have been better than this!", 4.0
"The display screen is tiny and the dark gray text on light gray background is very hard to see, you have to get the angle exactly right. The graphics are choppy and look like they came from a program designed in the early 80's - all blocky and angular. The sound system is low grade and fuzzy, making it extremely difficult to understand Barbie's instructions. It's impossible to tell the difference when she says "X" and "S" or "V" and "T".", 1.0
"Since the screens are so small, the text scrolls across rather than being displayed all at once. Even my seven-year-old (who is a great reader) had trouble keeping up with the scrolling text, and as for my Kindergartner, forget about it!", 5.0
"The games are poorly explained and are too difficult for this age range. Even the basic spelling games are ridiculous because the level of difficulty jumps all over the place. In level one, I was asked to spell car, map, tar, and then suddenly cruise and caravan! Nonsense programming like this has caused my daughters much frustration and worse, has made them doubt their own intelligence. We don't even turn the B-Books on anymore. My girls have been able to get a little use out of them when they play office, pretending they're laptop computers.", 4.0
"In all, these were an expensive disappointment and not worth the money", 1.0
"My oldest daughter got the older version of this product for her 5th birthday.  She could only play a couple of the games at the time, but she loved it.  For three years now it has been her all-time favorite car toy.  It has been dropped, banged, kicked, stepped on, fought over, and everything else two kids could do to it in 3 years, and still works great!  Drawbacks:  Pixter & Leapster caught on that kids might actually want to play their toys past 5pm in the car & put LCD lighting in, but this company hasn't caught on yet.  Also, no headphones jack--some of the games make incredibly annoying noises!  One more thing--the ages are not appropriately labeled.  Closer to first grade and up", 4.0
"I know alot about the impressionist already. So getting this game was just to add to my collection. I actually was impressed I learned something new. The writing and explanations are pretty simple, because it's geared towards children, but I still enjoyed it.", 1.0
"I bought this set for my son who loves to draw and paint.  He absolutely loved this set.  The colors are wonderful and the different types of pens, paints and crayons make drawing alot more fun for him.  The case is sturdy and great so he doesn't lose anything.  The price can't be better for everything you get.", 5.0
"I bought this set for my niece and nephew and they absolutely love it.  The colors are great and the case makes it a cinch to store away.  This set provides them with hours of fun.  I recommend this to everyone", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old son who loves to draw. The crayons are cheap, compared to Crayola. We tested the 10 different reds searching for the correct "spiderman" red, but they all looked too pink, and pretty much the same color. Also really waxy. The oil crayons are terrible, totally waxy - no oil at all. Markers are OK (so far), but why provide two of each color with the same thin tip? They could have given a broad and thin tip marker in each color instead. The case does seem pretty sturdy, so worst case I'll replace the contents with better quality art supplies. I'm going to look around for something better... if I find it, this is going back to Toys R Us. Any ideas?", 1.0
"I was not very pleased with this art kit.  The caps to the markers do not stay on at all.  The markers seemed dry almost from the beginning.  The crayons and oil crayons are ok. And the wood case is very nice, but half the set is the markers and they look like they will dry out shortly.  I was disappointed", 5.0
"I love Step 2 products as they area well-made, easy to assemble (though the kitchen didn't require any), and well thought out.  This has a great telephone that rings, the look is cute, and it fit's nicely in the corner of my son's room.  Now he can be a Top Chef all day long.", 5.0
"My twin daughters got one of these kitchens for Christmas! They love this kitchen. It is not as tall as some of the others on the market which is a feature that I love!! My girls play with this all of the time and it is small enough that I have it set up in the kitchen so that they can pretend that they are cooking while I make dinner. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a kitchen for a toddler. IT is well built and stays clean", 5.0
"My daughter received this for Christmas when she was 20 months.", 5.0
"She loves it!!!!!! It is the perfect size for her and she is now a tall 2 year old. It is conveniently one piece and very durable. Easy to clean.You will need to buy some food and pots and pans as it does not come with any. Highly recommend for any little tot", 5.0
"I got this toy 3 years ago when my oldest was [...] now she is almost [...] and still plays with it all the time but now she shares it with her [...] sister who also loves it as well. no fancy gadgets or lots of lights but it lets the imagination run wild", 2.0
"I purchased this item for my 2 year old toddler.  She loves playing in the kitchen while I prepare meals.  She's able to manipulate and open all the compartments with ease.  This was a great buy", 5.0
"I bought this gift for my daughter's 2nd birthday.", 5.0
"She really loves this kitchen.  Abby Reese spends hours and hours cooking up a storm with this fridge.  She is so imaginitive - I love how it teaches her pretend play.", 2.0
"This kitchen is very compact - fits almost anywhere.", 4.0
"I'd recommend this kitchen to anyone", 5.0
"My daughter got this kitchen for her second B'day. She loves it, I have watched her imagination grow as she pretends to cook. She even uses the different compartments to hide treasures. It is very sturdy and well made. Loved that it came completely assembled. I highly reccomend this kitchen. Only wished it had come with some pots or food", 4.0
"We gave this toy to our son for Christmas when he was 7 months old and he just loved it and still does at almost a 1 year old.  It was fun watching his motor skills improve while using this toy.  At first he mostly banged the noise making nails and did really grasp the ball dropping, storage compartment, crank or spinning ball.  Little by little he added what he could do with this toy.  Soon he was able to get the balls out of the compartment and drop them in the bottom hole, then soon in the top hole.  He now wails with the little plastic hammer on the nails and just loves it.  We haven't had to replace the batteries yet.  I highly recommend this toy for developing motor skills", 5.0
"My one year olds twins received this for Christmas along with the Discover Sounds Kitchen.  My daughter sticks her hand down the ball drop hole to pick up a ball instead of getting a ball from the side pocket.  Once she has the ball in her hand, she cannot get her hand back out and hasn't figured out to drop the ball.  This has happened three different times.  Once, she walked off dragging the workshop behind her until I caught up with her.  She was not injured, but was very upset.  I sit right next to her when she is playing with the workshop, or put it up.  My twins use the Discover Sounds Kitchen more often and we have not had any problems with it.", 4.0
"My 11 month old son received this for Christmas.  He loves it, and goes to it more than all the other toys he got for christmas.  Easy for little fingers, entertaining, and great for practicing fine motor-- pounding, pushing, turning.  Little Tykes really hit the mark on this one!  Much better than the kitchen that my daughter had", 5.0
"Just wanted to write a quick review.  We have the older version - we purchased it for our daughter when she was 9months and that was in 2001!! And at 4 she was STILL playing with it!  It has always been a favorite of hers.  Sometimes we have put it away because I thought she wasn't interested in it anymore, but when she discovers it or it comes back out, she won't stop playing with it.", 2.0
"My son received this workshop at about 8 months & still plays with it all the time at 19 months.  He mostly enjoys dropping the balls through the chute & cramming things into the overhead compartment.  We also bought the Discover Sounds hammer that is sold as an accessory, but it was really too heavy for him to use at first.  He still doesn't pay that much attention to it.  The light-weight hammer that comes with the workshop is just fine.  The workshop is durable also.  My daughter sits on the nails, & so far it has held up well", 5.0
"We have the Discover Sounds Kitchen (which is great) so I decided to try this toy. It is not nearly as interesting as the kitchen but the girls do enjoy the ball drop and the nails. I think it's a decent toy for the price, but I wish it had more interesting parts to it.", 5.0
"This was the first real toy we bought my son (other than real baby toys), he was 6 months at the time. From the moment we brought it home, he LOVED it! It comes with three balls that you drop in a slot and they come rolling out - he never got into that part even to this day but he loved and loves hitting the different parts of the workbench with the hammer and hearing the sounds and seeing the lights flash. It also has a winding crank and some other great little features that kids love. Now he is 20 months and although it's no longer one of the main toys he plays with I do see him go over and give it a whirl here and there and I still see the same excitment in his eyes just like the first time. I don't know if I'll ever be able to get rid of this toy not because my son is so attached but because I am attached to the memories of his very first toy and would hate to see it go", 5.0
"My son received this toy for Christmas last year when he was 9 months old. He is now 18 months old and still doesn't play with it. It just doesn't hold his interest. ON the other hand, he could play all; day with the plain old Little Tikes workbench. This is definitely not worth the money - there are more entertaining work bench toys out there", 5.0
"My kids (6,5 and 3) all love this puzzle.  We all enjoy the art work on the letters being different than the normal examples  (  Y has yarn, N has nuts).  My daughter just leaves this puzzle out on her shelf because she likes to look at it.  My 6 year old still likes it because it is not as babyish as most alphabet puzzles.  We have had this puzzle for 5 years and have had no problems with wear and tear issues", 5.0
"In shopping for puzzles over the last few years I've noticed that the manufacture's age recommendations seem to be a bit off.  When puzzles are too advanced, the simple solution is to put it up for a later date; however, when they are too simple, they're a waste of money.  Unfortunately, the Alphabet Art Puzzle was one of those disappointments.", 4.0
"The puzzle encourages thinking, and matching, but I'm not sure it helped to teach the alphabet.  In addition, some of the images are too goofy for this age group.  For instance, a piece of Rope is shaped into the letter "R," but a 3-year old don't associate with such a thing.  Another example of this, is the letter "Y" for Yarn.  Wouldn't a Yo Yo be a better solution?  The raised pieces do offer a new motor challenge from plastic knobs, but they are too shallow for the board.  I can't seem to move this puzzle without dropping several pieces on the floor.  My son found this frustrating as well.", 5.0
"What's more, I think the age recommendation needs to be adjusted.  I purchased the Alphabet Art Puzzle when my son was 2-years and 4-months old.  It's recommended for children 3-years and up, so I thought it would make a good choice.  It didn't challenge him at all.  The second time he worked it, he completed it in less than 4-minutes by himself.  That said, my son has benefited from the puzzle.  He likes working it, and continues to ask questions about the pictures.  I recommend it for children 18-months and up, as they will find it more challenging than a 3-year old.", 5.0
"This puzzle is one of my favorite gifts to give all the youngsters in my life.  I've given it as a shower gift, a birthday present, and a Christmas present, and the kids have all loved it.  It has held up very well, even with a few pretty destructive types. It's very visually engaging, and most kids can figure out what most of the pictures represent. Only a few are tricky.  Overall, I highly recommend this puzzle", 5.0
"My now 2 year old began playing with this puzzle (which was handed down from his old brother) when he was about 12 months old.  By the time he was 15 months old, he knew all his letters!", 5.0
"This puzzle is one of the best we have found for age 18m - 3.5 yrs.  It is now being used by our second child and is in great condition, very sturdy wooden pieces. It is fabulous for learning all sorts of things - the alphabet, hand coordination, new words, and you can use it to play I Spy as well. It's visually appealing as well", 5.0
"I am so glad I bought this puzzle for my 3 year old! The pieces have the most beautiful pictures on them and the larger sized pieces are just right for toddler hands. This is one of those toys that you'll want to keep forever", 5.0
"I must admit I am biased toward Lights, Camera, Interaction toys.  My daughter has several of this line's toys and for the greater part we have been very pleased with the durability and educational factor of their products.  The same goes for this alphabet puzzle.  Even though the raised letters do not have pegs they are easily removed from the board.  I like that the examples for the letters are not your general toddler "cat" and "balloon" icons, which broaden their understanding of the letters.  I sing the "ABC" song to my daughter while I point to the letters and then practice pronouncing the words to the pictures and alphabet.  A great hands-on way for little ones to learn the alphabet besides from the TV", 5.0
"This is the game that comes out first at family holiday gatherings. It is easily modified for the younger age group & gets them thinking in ways other than the usual children's game. My 4 & 6 year old grandchildren love it & I recently purchased it for my daughter-in-law as a birthday gift.", 5.0
"However, the timer is not well constructed & it broke very soon after purchase on both my game & others I have purchased for friends. It is a hard game to find but Amazon has come through on more than one occassion", 5.0
"The play of the game itself is great -- similar to Scattergories in that you'll be coming up with words that fit a certain category and are looking for them to start with certain letters of the alphabet, but with several twists that make it even more entertaining.", 5.0
"The one beef I really had with this game is that the deck of available categories is too small -- in just two or three games you'll begin to repeat categories. So, you may wish to augment the deck with categories of your own", 5.0
"Three of us sat down and decided to try this game and we ended up playing for 4 hours. It is very easy to learn and yet challenging to play. Oh, it's also a lot of fun", 1.0
"This is one game that the kids - and the adults - ask to play agian and again.  It's a must on our family vacations -- one of the few things everyone can agree on.  Easy and very fun to play.  Highly recommende", 2.0
"I purchased this game 5 years ago and have been searching for more because all my family and friends wanted their own copies! We were familiar with Fundex toys (Phase 10) and wanted a family game that ages 6-86 could play together and THIS IS THAT GAME! The rules are easy, the game is never the same, everyone has fun", 1.0
"It is really expensive for what it is.  I have to say my children love it, esspecially since we can put it in the middle of the table and everyone can take what they need from it.  I love that when we are done you can put everything back and stick it on a shelf.  However, for the supplies you get it IS expensive.  The tote itself is nice but not worth more than $5, add the supplies to it, maybe I could see spending $10.  However, if you catch it on sale I would pick up a few, they make great gifts", 4.0
"My 3 year old daughter loves art.  She found this in a toy store and I did not want to buy it because it was a little pricey for art supplies. But she has really enjoyed this. It has a little bit of everything in it.  She has used up almost everything in it.  But she still uses it to organize her other arts and crafts stuff", 4.0
"I purchased this book when we took the kids (10, 8 and 8) to visit the Louvre this summer so they would have some idea why we were wandering around that vast building.  Little did I know that it would spark an interest in my 8 year old son that borders on the obsessive.  He has read the book two dozen times, spouts off all kinds of interesting facts about the artists and the times, and studies the paintings intently (this from a kid who has no artistic talent at all and whose favorite pasttime is sparring with his brother).  The stories behind the paintings, the odd facts about the artists and the practices of the Renaissance period, are all presented in a compelling way with beautiful illustrations to boot.  I recommend this highly readable and entertaining book", 5.0
"Wow!  My kids(8yo and 5yo)love to play this game~  They really enjoy this version of Go Fish~  We have all been enjoying the thrill of recognition when we see these artist's works in other places~ Well worth the money", 5.0
"My daughter LOVED the color pencils and sketch pad that comes with this set.  The crayons, however, did not survive the shipping, and those that did broke shortly afterwards with first use by my seven-year-old.", 5.0
"Overall, a lovely kit, but crayons are not as well crafted as rest of the kit.", 5.0
"All our children love temporary tattoos.  This one is special because you can color them yourself.  We purchased this for my son's 7th birthday and it was a great birthday activity for all.  Needless to say, I & the rest of our guests were covered in art when the day was through.  The tattoos stay fairly well if you don't get scrubbing them too hard & are easy to put on, they don't stick and peel like some we've tried.  They offer varied styles of tattoos, everything from dragons to sports.  All in all this is great fun!", 5.0
"I do wish there were a few more tatoos in this kit, but you can continue to use the markers and draw free hand tattos when they are gone.  They were easy to apply and fun to color in for the kids.  I was a little skeptical after reading a few of the reviews, but I am glad I decided to purchase this anyway.", 5.0
"Tattoos are really nice, but the ink part (markers) wash off easily. The black tattoo outline seems to last several days", 4.0
"Grandchild loved this gift. Her and her friends made tattoos for everyone. There were so many styles to choose from and they really lasted. Would buy again in a minute.", 5.0
"My mom bought this set for my four year old son last week. At first I thought it might be a little advanced for him, but he got the hang of it in no time. Now he is tattooing the whole family. They are pretty easy to rub off, but that's probably a good thing, since he covered my daughter's face with flowers right after she got out of the bath! For the price, this is a great toy", 4.0
"I did A LOT of research on the Internet regarding play food before I bought this set.  This set offers the largest variety of foods, covering all of the food groups, with minimal amount of desserts (I want a healthy eater).  This play food set has eggplant, cauliflower, asparagus, chicken, steak, ham, hot dogs, hamburger, bacon, pineapple, lemon, honeydew and musk melons, any many more items - an incredible selection of foods.  I received exactly what was shown in the picture on the Internet.  The food is very high quality and just the right size for a play kitchen to fit on the play plates.  My daughter, husband and I have a great time with this food. She loves making us breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks.  She also likes to put it in her shopping cart that we had purchased separately and ring the food up with a pretend cash register.", 5.0
"As for comments on the packaging...packaging costs money which is built into the cost of the food.  That is why this food doesn't cost a lot, because Step 2 saves money on packaging.  Plus most people toss packaging anyways after opening an item.  The packaging is clear plastic so you can see all of the items.", 5.0
"This set has a larger variety of food than Little Tikes, Fisher Price, and Just Like Home (I never saw anything about Kid Connection play food during my research). The person who received 8 hot dogs, 12 french fries, etc. should contact Step 2 and ask for a reship.  There must have been a mistake made when packaging was done (probably a rush for holidays orders).  You should get exactly what is shown on the Internet.", 5.0
"I hope this review helps everyone.  Have fun with this food!  It is a GREAT buy!!", 5.0
"I agree with a previous review that you get what you pay for.  But in the future I would highly recommend paying more once instead of having to replace this food in a few months or so.  We received this as a gift and from the outside it looked like an great choice!  I was very happy.  But we have had this package of food for about one week and I am already taping boxes with packaging tape to keep them together.  Little hands can pull apart the milk, juice and snack boxes in no time.  The cans of food are so small that they topple over easily in the play kitchen.  The pies, pizza, and such food are all actually hollow underneath.  There is no base to them.  They tell you 101 pieces but in our kit it counted 8 hotdogs (without buns), 12 individual french fries and the same on potato chips.  Not necessary especially since you also get two french fry packets in a french fry container and you get a hot dog in a bun separately.  Why would my child want four jalepenos too.  So much of this food is not they type of thing a small child would be familiar with.  Anyway, in my opinion spend the money on a smaller quantity of higher quality food or go online and find the "vintage" Fisher Price or Little Tikes food.  Now those are made to last and of good size for small hands.", 5.0
"I love step2 products, my daughter is only 2 yrs old but we already have MANY of their items. We decided to get her the lifestyle deluxe kitchen for the holidays this year & needed to get her some playfood to go along with it, I really wanted wooden sets but after spending over $200 on the kitchen I decided I'd go with the step2 plastic... big mistake! As another reviewer mentioned there is no retail packaging, they come in plastic bags. The plastic pieces are tiny, very thin, and sized strangely (ie a banana is smaller then an egg etc), the "boxes" are a joke, they are smaller and weaker then your typical snack size raisin box... I didn't even dare give them to my toddler as they'd have been ruined in 2 seconds. The "jars" are also very small and instead of interesting as one reviewer said they are just odd, disgusting sounding food items and very boring design. Having nothing else on hand I did give these to my daughter, she seems to like them well enough but I will be buying her some wooden playfoods soon and tossing these up on ebay or a garage sale. Not recommended", 5.0
"If you are looking for play food that is like little tikes or fisher price, this is not it!! There is a reason you get 101 pieces for 19.99!!  These pieces are much smaller and made from a thinner cheaper plastic.  Not at all what i expected from a quality company like step 2. To top it off, this set does NOT come in a retail box but is cheaply packaged in plastic bags.  I am sure my daughter doesn't mind these are cheaply made or small but i sure as heck do.  I could have bought a Kidconnection set from walmart for less money and maybe even of better quality", 5.0
"My daughter was 2 1/2 when I gave this to her.  I use it to teach her food groups and to encourage her to taste the real version.  Pretend "invisible" food is fun, but for a little one who has a lot to learn about different foods, to touch and to see is worth 1000 words!", 5.0
"My daughter recieved this kitchen today, and she absolutely loves it! The bins on the left side really need a back on them so that things don't fall out. I would recommend putting this toy together with a ratchet equipped with a screwdriver bit adapter otherwise you will have a sore wrist because it takes a while to get the screws through the thick plastic parts. This toy is definately designed to be durable. I am sure it can withstand whatever my daughter could do to it. Overall I think it is a good investment and a very cute toy", 5.0
"I bought this for my 2 year old. I was happy that it wasn't huge--fits right in the corner. She loved it when she first got it for Christmas. HOWEVER, My complaints are...everything is just SO small and inefficient! The "microwave" is so high that she can't even reach it with a small stool I bought for her to use just for the kitchen! The back of the little bins are open, and you can't store ANYTHING in there. So, I don't know where they came up with the lots of storage line! I just expected  a little bit more of a kitchen--would have changed some of the features. OVERALL it has proven to be a fun toy, but hard to use unless you are really tall", 5.0
"I bought this kitchen for my daughter on her 2nd birthday. She didn't seem very interested at first and I just figured it would take time for her to like it. I showed her how to play with it and how the sounds work but she was still very uninterested. I think she needs to be a little bit older to fully enjoy it. She plays with it as long as someone is in there playing with her. She can't reach the top shelf yet and gets upset everytime something is placed up there. To tell you the truth my 4 year old sone LOVES it. He loves to pretend to cook things and clean the dishes. This kitchen has withstood my daughter climbing all over it, my husband falling on it and my son standing on it. It is a tough toy! I love that it is so small... it doesn't take up a whole room like most other kitchens and I love that it can be moved easily. I would recommend this toy for anyone who is shopping for a 3 year old or older. I am sure my daughter will enjoy it more once she is a little bit older", 5.0
"My daughter is 1 and she loves it would be nice to come with a little more food but overall it's great and my 8 year old son thinks so to a great starter kitchen..........", 5.0
"I bought this for my 19 month old daughter for Christmas and she loves it. She seems a little young and I was skeptical but she has older siblings who enjoy it with her. She is just a tad too short to open the microwave easily but it won't take long until that is a non issue. The stove button is easy to work and she loves the  cooking noises, which are not annoying like so many other toy noises. I know I can trust it to last since it is Little Tyke. It is great for those of us who don't have much extra space as it takes up almost none yet has plenty of things to play with. It is also great that it comes with a few items to start out with", 5.0
"I purchased this kitchen for my daughter for Christmas.  It arrived and I started to assemble it only to find a few minor manufacturer defects on one of the pieces that compramised the way it assembled and the way it would "wear" over time.  I called Little Tikes' customer service phone number and after explaining the problem they said they would send me a new part immediately.  I haven't received it just yet but they said they would try to get it here before Christmas.  I was dissappointed when I found the defect and was certain, that with one week remaining before Christmas, that I would have difficulty getting someone to respond to my request for help.  I spoke to the nicest man at Little Tikes and was SO impressed at how the company stood behind it's product and sent the needed part with absolutely NO HASSLE!  They didn't require me to prove that the part was defective or even return it to them.....they simply took my word for it.  I am impressed, more than ever, that the Little Tikes company appreciates their customers......even it they aren't making "large" purchases.  This is not one of their most expensive kitchens and yet they still stood behind the quality of their product!!  I'll try to update this review once I've recieved the new part and the entire transaction is complete.", 5.0
"I only have one complaint and that is that the back of the "cubby" holes is completely open and there is now way to place things inside without them falling out behind it. Other than that this was great for my daughter's 2nd birthday. We don't have a lot of room and this is the perfect size. She just loves to turn the knob on the stove and hear the sounds.", 5.0
"My son's 4th birthday is tomorrow, Sept. 17, and he said he really wanted a kitchen. I wanted to get him a more expensive Step 2 one but he insisted he liked this one the best. (I think he loved the idea of the real towel) I just finished putting it together which was very easy but getting the oven and fridge doors on was a little annoying and they don't close completely u have to push a little to get them closed so I don't know if that will frustrate my son.....we'll see. In the directions it tells u to dab a little dish detergent on the the oven knob to make pushing it in easier, well I saved this part for last and had to use all my might to get the knob on! I don't understand why they can't just attatch the little knob when they making these but oh well. My son will be using this tomorrow and I'll get back with an update! I would also recommend u putting it together before your child knows u got it for them", 4.0
"We have had 2 of these toys - they both had the same problem as others - only says "red pan in/out"  If you slam it hard on the floor it occasionally will sing, but this is also random.  The fisher-price rep. did not seem surprised when I called to report this - told me to keep the toy I had & sent me a voucher for a new toy.", 4.0
"I bought this for my daughter when she was 6 months old. She has played with it absolutely everyday since then (she is now a year). At six months she didn't really play with it the way it's meant to be played but she enjoyed banging the pans around and listening to the music. Now she works on stacking them and using the shape sorter. Great toy to grow with", 5.0
"Parents find the songs really annoying!! :)  My baby thinks this is the greatest toy ever!  He is 10 months old and had these for about two months so far.  He loves taking the pots out and putting them back and getting them to play music, over and over and over and over....", 5.0
"We do have to put it away every once in a while so it doesn't drive us crazy, but for baby, it's great!", 4.0
"My seven month old thinks the pots and pans are the best thing ever, and I'd definitely rather he bang on the plastic ones than real ones. But I have to say that the songs are a little irritating and I find them running through my head when I'm trying to sleep", 5.0
"This toy taught my son how to stack in a day.  It is such a cute toy, and my son loves to beat everything with it. It has cute, silly songs, and as far as our toy goes it plays very easy. The only thing I don't like is the spoon, because it doesn't have a place.  If you put it in the pot then you aren't able the sort the blocks. Overall, it's a good toy!", 5.0
"My son loved the learning table so I really thought the pots and pans would be a big hit when I purchased them when my son was 8 mo old.  I could not get the product to say anything but, "Red pan in, Red pan out".  I called the hotline at Fisher Price and they told me to change the battery which I had already done.  While I was on the phone, my son dropped the pot and it began to sing the alphabet song.  The cust. service rep. told me that the pots said and sang things at random and that it reponds when manipulated like a child would.  I was disapointed because the toy responds VERY randomly and usually only sings if it is shaken very hard or dropped.  I really feel I wasted my money on this one", 1.0
"I bought this because she is at that age of stacking things.  I thought this would be perfect for her.", 5.0
"However it is not enough.  There is only two things to stack and the spoon doesn't really have a place for it.  Also the numbers on it doesn't have any interaction with it, meaning it is just printed on the toy and that is it.", 2.0
"The sorting of the shapes are a great idea however and it is very durable.  She will bang on it with the spoon as well.  I guess for the price I was disappointed.  But she does have fun with it", 5.0
"From reading all reviews on different toys it will still come down to the individual child.. my little man got it for christmas at 8.5mths.. he does like it.. he takes them apart. and shakes the pot with the balls in it.. he also loves just pressing the button..that makes it talk.. overall not bad for the price..", 4.0
"My son had a great time playing with this toy. I liked the durability ( it made it through Christmas )", 1.0
"I've got this thing for my twins for NE=ew Year, and they've been enjoying it for one day so far. We have two sets, and it's much more fun than just one - going one shooter against two robots is indeed a deathwish.", 1.0
"I don't know how durable it will prove - the robots suffered some tumbles without ill effects, but it's only been one day. One drawback I found is the toy's inability to go shooter on shooter - for some reasons pistols, when set on team A and team B, refuse to shoot one another. But it's a fun toy nevertheless.", 5.0
"The only educational value I can discern in this set is a little bit of understanding of just how stupid the computers are, and may be the realization that the light "bullet" gets reflected off white surfaces, so the robot canshoot you even when its back is turned toward you. Otherwise, not eductaional at all. Thankfully :)", 5.0
"We got this for my daughter's 3rd birthday and it is such a hit! We have had NO issues with the chalkboard thankfully. It was really simple to assemble and is very sturdy. She will be able to use this item for many years to come!", 4.0
"I bought this easel as part of the classroom I set up for my preschooler.  I love the adjustable size, durability and ease of use.  My only complaint was the chalkboard.  Though I followed the priming instructions diligently, I found that even the good chalk scratched the board and did not write well.  Melissa and Doug did reply immediately to my concern and were willing to do whatever necessary to correct the problem.  On a whim, I decided to try some chalkboard paint instead. It now writes beautifully, and I love the black chalkboard, rather than the green it came as.  It is perfect", 4.0
"I bought this item for my 3 year old daughter and had the same problem with the chalkboard (not working so well). I call the 800 number on the back of the box and the people in customer service sent me a new chalkboard. I was amazed at how helpful they were and the desire they had to make me happy. I will buy Melissa and Doug toys for years to come.", 5.0
"After priming the board as the instructions indicated...it is still useless.  The chalk actually cuts into the chalkboard so now, my daughter who loved chalk and drawing can't use that side of the easel.  I wouldn't recommend this for anyone if they are looking for a product that does what it is supposed to do.  I wonder if the makers even tried to use it...why would someone make a product that doesn't work and then expect people to buy it...very disappointing", 2.0
"My daughter received this for her third birthday. She loves it. I would have to agree with another insert that the chalkboard does not work so well. The dry erase, however is wonderful! I cannot wait to get the paper so that she can start painting next!", 4.0
"I would recommend this to three and above. There are some small pieces and the height could pose an issue for smaller children. But overall, GREAT Product!", 2.0
"Only downfall, is the they do not provide even a few sheets of paper to get you started and chalk/eraser etc.", 4.0
"We bought this for our five year old, and it has made art projects much more enjoyable for him.  Melissa & Doug make a variety of very traditional children's products and their easel is perfect.  It wasn't too hard to put it together (30 minutes), it is sturdy and has nice features.  The ability to use a paper roll (paper not included) and to easily tear off pictures is very nice.  The one complaint we have is that Amazon charges over twenty dollars for standard shipping.  If you take a few minutes to look around on line, you can find the same easel and have it shipped for about a third the cost.  In summary, the easel is worth every penney, but you should try to avoid over paying on the shipping", 4.0
"Amazon just raised the price on this within the last few days.  Go to your local bookstore where it lists for $19.99.  Awesome product, kids love it", 4.0
"We bought this for our 10 year old grandson last Christmas and he LOVED it.  He is interested in animals and he wrote a book about 'dangerous' animals.  He had a great time doing it. The finished product is great.  His parents had another copy of the book printed by the seller and sent it to us as a gift.  We will always cherish it", 4.0
"My 7 year old received this as a Christmas present.  She was so excited to write her own book, we added the about the Author page and she wrote and illustrated the story.  We bought one book for our family and the second book we dedicated to her school teachers and gave it to the school on Teacher Appreciation Day with a note that we wanted the book to be placed in the library.  Now all of my daughters friends and others can check the book out of the library and they love it!", 5.0
"I highly recommend this as a gift to anyone", 5.0
"I bought this kit for my 6 year old daughter.  She couldn't wait to start drawing.  She dictated the story for each page and drew extra "love notes" on the remaining pages, and even deticated it to her Nan Nan.  We opted to add the "About the auther" with a photo!  My daughter did get impatient waiting for the book to come back,.. but since Katrina the mail has been very unreliable.  Finally, her package arrived and she LOVED it!  We rushed it right over to her Nan Nan.  It is a perfect little book, that will be cherished forever.  I've already bought 2 more!", 5.0
"Great idea! The bound book is sweet, not cheesy at all, nice quality. Makes a great gift for grandparents. My teenagers even enjoyed making them.", 1.0
"This is a nice idea, though basically they take the same paper that you draw on and bind it.  We wanted more pages, and better quality paper than the thin paper they provide, but that cost us an additonal fee to upgrade when we sent the pages in. It did come out very nicely, and my 7 year old is very proud of her work.  Overall we were happy, and unlike many other presents, this one was fun and left us with something she can show her friends and look back at later in life", 5.0
"I would have rated this lower, but the idea is so great.  My 7yo loves his book.", 5.0
"Be careful w/ the pages you submit.  We ordered two books and the first book contains the original submitted pages w/ artwork (except the cover which was scanned and reprinted on "glossy" paper).  The 2nd book was, of course, all photocopied pages of the first.", 2.0
"They simply take your submitted artwork pages and someone (or possibly an OCR), prints your submitted text just under your drawings; then binds the pages into the book, with the title page , dedication page, etc.", 4.0
"Not as sturdy a book as I thought it should be, but as I said, my kid loves it, so that's what matters most. &lt;grin", 4.0
"My Granddaughter age 9 had so much fun making up her own story, she is still working on the art and then we will have it printed", 4.0
"This is a fun toy to have around, especially for boys and men who think they're boys!", 4.0
"Better get yours from Amazon.  I have a hunch Toys R Us will sell out quickly.", 5.0
"Here's to the little kid in all of us", 5.0
"My three year old grips these perfectly. And the array of colors make them such an enticing reason to try to learn to write. A great set of markers. Really really great", 4.0
"This made our 6 year old so happy!", 2.0
"Great colors, great markers", 4.0
"This set is perfect for a younger child! Having 100 markers to work with is great. I know when I was younger, I loved having little carrying cases for eveything to keep organized...I wish I had had this cute little case when I was 5", 5.0
"My almost 6-year-old son loves drawing and coloring, and this special set is perfect for him.  In addition to having *100 different colors* (!) the markers are small with a thin tip.  They fit his hands well and he loves having so many colors to choose from.  We have had this set for several months and none have dried out or given him any problems. The case is perfect.  It is sturdy plastic, snaps shut and has a handle.  These are more "grown up" than the Crayola markers and have a much finer tip than even their skinny ones, so they are great for words and small details.  We love this set", 5.0
"We bought this set over a year ago and my daughter is still carrying it with her everywhere.  Most marker sets you find in stores only have 24 or 36 colors.  Here you have 100 colors to choose from.  They come in a zippered case that opens into a full circle of markers arrayed in a beautiful rainbow.  Each marker pops into the case so they all have a place and you can instantly see if one is missing.  The markers have withstood endless pictures but are now getting a bit dry so we are replacing them.  For $15 it seriously may be the #1 value of all the toys we have ever purchased for our children over the years.", 5.0
"Very interesting spoof of the original game.  I found the first one boring after a few plays, but this one still interests my kids and I after 10+ plays.  It's a bit convoluted to put it together initially, but well worth it", 4.0
"After I saw the advertisement for Clue DVD I immediately went out to buy it. I've always been a fan of Clue and this updated version provides players with some new twists and excellent graphics.  While you are playing the game, the Butler and an Inspector often appear to provide you with Clues about the case. Another addition to the game is added locations and having to figure the time of the crime.  Any Clue fan will appreciate this version", 4.0
"     I always thought Clue looked like a complicated game I'd never touch!  That is until I played it at my friends house!  Now I'm a Clue fanatic trying to collect all the versions!  This game can never get old because it's a different outcome every time!  I strongly reccomend it to anyone 8 and older", 4.0
"This is an extremely fun and addictive game. You shuffle the cards, and place three (room, weapon, person) in the secret envelope. In every room you go into, you can make accusations. If someone has the card you accused (like the room), then they show it to you and you write it down on your notepad. The game changes constantly, so it never gets boring. The character pieces have teeny details, like Mr. Green has straps and buckles on his briefcase. I gave it 4 stars for education because it teaches you to focus and really THINK. Oh, and good problem-solving skills too. And coordination (you have to add all the clues up to see who did it). All in all, a terrific game. Great for rainy days or playdates. And did I mention the weapons? Very realistic. And cute", 4.0
"This was a little difficult to figure out in the beginning - Actually had to read the instructions - but it was very fun and very disney.  Fam loves it", 4.0
"My son received this game for Christmas and it is by far his favorite game.  He enjoys pretending to be a detective and the game is easy enough for him to play and understand.  I just have to figure out how to get more of the scoring sheets", 4.0
"I bought this game long time ago but unfortunately all my friends were busy until X'mas. There were 5 of us and once we started playing, we were all addicted! I have heard from some other friends commented Clue was a boring game, but we all found it fun and challenging! Apart from strict logic thinking, the keys to win were to ask the right question and make a good, well organised notes! Last time we played we had 5 players, so some of us got 4 cards in hand and some got only 3 in hands. That was a bit unfair because the players with 4 cards had more clues in the beginning and so their chances of winning were higher. So we tried in one game to open 3 cards on the table, the game was finished a lot more quickly. But we all found that it was less challenging.", 5.0
"Overall, great game!! Train you brain in logic thinking as much as Sudoku and Mastermind", 5.0
"I purchased this set for my daughter as a christmas gift because she saw it while I was browsing online and told me how much she wanted the "puppies". She will love this! The set is much larger than I expected it to be and looks sturdy enough for my 5 year old to play with", 5.0
"My daughter got this for a birthday gift and has really likes playing with it.  She loves palying with animals and this was a perfect fit to the doll house she recieved for Christmas. She is still playing with it several months later", 5.0
"These dogs are adorable and are a cute addition to the dollhouse set. My daughter sends the other pets outside to play with this set. Plays with them as much as the people. Great addition", 2.0
"My daughter received the loving doll house for Christmas and LOVED it, however our family consist of Mommy, Daddy, girl, boy and a golden retriever.  When I spotted this item I was so happy to see I could duplicat my daughters real life family.  She absolutly loved it.  She actually played with just the dogs and accessories for 3 days. It was hard to find in stores so I just ordered it from amazon/toysrus.  It was out of stock so she did not get it until after Christmas, but that was ok she said "more presents" when it came in the mail", 5.0
"Great accessory to the dollhouse for the price.  It has lots of parts to teach your child about pet care, feeding, and bathing", 5.0
"Every child I know loves animals and this is no exception.  My three-year-old granddaughter loves to have the puppies get nurtured by the mother dog in her dollhouse. She loves to brush the mother dog's "fur" too.  I sometimes play with her and we talk about how to treat animals gently and with kindness.  I see her using these traits in her role play with this set.  Everything about this set is durable. There is even a sack of dog food and a water dish to remind little ones that all animals need to be taken care of.  When I sometimes watch my granddaughter, she will always notice when his food or water dish is empty and come tell me.  I notice her giving her "pets" the same consideration.  I love this set and so does she!", 5.0
"A varry good board game.I played it for the first time over the weekend.Another game we like is strippopoly 5 stars for them bot", 5.0
"We had so much fun with this game. There are truth or dares and all sorts of fun questions! I definatly recommend this game if you are having a party or even just a few people who want to have a good time! Totally worth buying this one", 5.0
"If you and your friends are just too crazy for conventional board games, give I've Never - The Game of Truth a try.  The object of the game is simple, players move around the board answering highly personal and potentially defamatory questions, and take shots or drink beer while playing.  The questions are formatted as "I've Never...." (for example, "I've never been skinny-dipping").  If this is true for you, you get to move forward the designated number of spaces.  If it's false, you pay the consequence (generally you must take a drink).  Some spaces on the game board automatically force you to drink.", 4.0
"Many people will find the questions far too offensive and overly personal, and will be uncomfortable playing this game.  If this is you, don't feel bad, you're not the only one.  However, in a group of close friends, this game can be a total laugh riot.", 5.0
"This game is perfect for a Bachelor or Bachelorette party, or just a regular party with a group of friends who are as crazy as you are", 2.0
"This is the most hilarious board game you could ever play! It's great at your next party, family gathering, or get together with close friends.  I was completely entertained and enthralled with the secrets that were revealed about some of the people closest to me.  I learned things about my brother-in-law, for instance, that I just never would have believed! What a nut!", 1.0
"Just a fun, amusing, down to earth game to play; I've played it numerous times, both with people who have played before, and newcomers, and it only get's better each time. And of course, it incorporates drinking in a way that only makes it more enjoyable. The secrets really start coming out only after a few turns.", 1.0
"I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good board game and a lot of laughs", 4.0
"The first time I played this game was with my co-workers at Happy Hour", 4.0
"and then again with my family members on our summer vacation at the", 4.0
"beach house.", 5.0
"Although we were already close and "thought" we knew a lot about each", 5.0
"other-this game only made us closer.  I don't remember laughing as hard", 1.0
"as I did once secrets started to become revealed.  The next morning at", 5.0
"breakfast, no one could even make eye contact without laughing!", 5.0
"This game is perfect to play with a group of friends or family and will", 5.0
"keep you laughing all the way thru!  It would make a perfect holiday", 5.0
"gift-I highly recommend purchasing this game if you are up for some", 5.0
"laughs!", 4.0
"Hey, I just wanted to write in a review for this game because I loved it so much.  I just ordered it less than a week ago, and it is already here, no problems, with a great price for an unbelievable game.  The game consists of 100 I've Never cards (10 which you make up on your own) and each one is more hilarious than the next.  I played with a bunch of my college friends and was drunk before I even rolled the dice (the way we all want it to be).  Looking for a great game to play and learn all the unspoken truth of your friends, then definately test out this game, I highly reccomend this", 4.0
"I bought this for my son who is 2 1/2.  He loves it.  He had to show "peepaw", his grandfather who has a real one.  Anytime he's outside he gets it out to ride on.  He has several other "ride-on" toys and prefers this one over most of them.  He has the Little Tikes Police Car Coupe, and Step 2 Tricycle, the Zip N' zoom car, a radio flyer tricycle and a fisher price quad.  The only thing I found is if he leans too much to one side it will tip over.  It's pretty sturdy otherwise.  Put a little helmet on for safety (just like the adults do on our motorcycycles) and you little one will be just fine", 4.0
"I bought this for my 2yr old grandson for his birthday so he could have a motorcycle like his Grandma.  He LOVED it!  The wheels are wide enough to keep it from tipping and it's light enough and just the right size to throw in the car to take along.  He has to make his own "motor noise", but that's a plus in my book.  No batteries to replace or noises to annoy!  Also his very tall 3 1/2 year old brother can ride it comfortably, so I look for it to last a long time", 5.0
"Step 2 is a fantastic brand, slowly climbing up the ladder alongside Fisher Price, Little Tikes etc.", 5.0
"My kid loves motorcycle's, so what better toy to buy than his own ride-on motorcycle!", 1.0
"This toy is extremely durable. It might take kids a while to get used to balancing the bike, so that it doesn't topple over - but scrapes and bruises are part of growing up!", 5.0
"The bike is a little taller than I thought it would be, which meant that my child was on tiptoes for the first couple of months - but its a strong, cheap and exciting toy for any kid", 4.0
"We actually got this motorcylce from a neighbor who didn't want it anymore. My daughter was very excited and so was I until she tried to ride it on the sidewalk. It fell right over and she scraped her arm. She's tried several times, but the balance is so off that she can't just sit and go. I'm glad I didn't pay for it", 5.0
"Most ride on toys are very wide, which make the pushing a little hard.  This toy is thin; therefore, my 2 yr old son loves it more than any other push toy.  This is so so cute, I wish there was more stickers, but who cares, it is worth the buy!  I hated paying for the 8-9 dollar shipping, but motorcycles this cute are hard to find...  This is light and easy to throw in the truck to take along", 4.0
"This little motorcycle is cute.  However, it's very lightweight and is similar in quality to a ride-on toy that could be purchased for much less at any discount retailer.  The stickers do seem to be of high quality and to date, none have peeled off.  The extreme shipping price added another $10 to the $19.99 price tag.  This is definately not a $30 toy.", 4.0
"My son got this for his second birthday and it is his absolute favorite toy ever! Next week is his THIRD birthday and he still plays with it every single day.  He rides it in the house, outside down our sloped driveway and even takes it to the park.  We actually had to make trails for him in the woods so he could go off-road with it!  This toy definitely gets 5 stars in my book!  It does sit a little high, but that makes it PERFECT for someone his age", 5.0
"This product was nothing like how I expected it to be. The quality is terrible, do not waste your money on this item", 5.0
"I-Dog is so fun to use!  All you have to do is plug the included cable into your digital player's headphone port and I-Dog will play your music through a tiny internal speaker.  I-Dog's face will light up with various patterns and colored lights depending on what type of music you play.  His tail serves as a mute button, but be careful because he doesn't like you touching too often!  I-Dog will get sad if you don't give him any music to listen to.  If you don't have a digital player, you can set I-dog by your boombox or other music device and he can "hear" that way.  There are only two reasons why I didn't give I-Dog 5 stars:  (1) The internal speaker isn't very loud, so you have to have your music player turned up quite high, and (2) the battery cover on I-Dog's back leg is really hard to get off.  You will definitely need some kind of tiny screwdriver to get it off", 5.0
"The iDog is very cute, but he takes a long time to get going and sucks batteries down in record time.  Too bad, because he's a nice way to play your music.", 5.0
"I love this little dog!  I named him Max and he's just the cutest little critter and fun to watch listen to my music", 1.0
"I just got my pink idog today and think it is just the cutest thing. Although I am just learning how to use it,so far I am just so interested in watching it's movements and colors. The problems that I have encountered are that it is quite difficult to "turn" the pup off and that the "on" button (nose) is much too sensitive. All you have to do is very lightly tap the nose and the pup makes noises. In addition, I have found that the batteries are a pain to insert as you need a screwdriver. I wish like my ipod, there was a "hold" button to avoid accidently activating the toy and "wasting" expensive batteries. I might make the investment and buy re-chargable ones to avoid the cost. Anyway, I look forwars to using it on desk at work", 5.0
"I've been trying to get some sort of way to listen to my I-Pod without the earbuds.  I was not going to spend $100 bucks on another boom box just for I-Pods.  So it caught my attention while I was in Herbergers and noticed I could listen to music through the dog.  It was cute so I grabbed it.  You have to put two AA batteries in the dog's leg.  Then you just plug in your I-Pod and instant music.  The sound isn't as good as with a stereo system which makes this good for me since I live in a condo and do not want to make a lot of noise.  The dog is cute and its head turns and its ears go up and down to the beat of the music. There are also lights that go on and off to the beat of the music too.  It also cries and barks.  That kinda gets annoying after awhile. It demands attention.  And if you pull its tail it growls.  You control the songs and volume through your I-Pod.  This is a cute cheap way to listen to your I-Pod without spending a lot of money or a lot of hassle.", 4.0
"I am so disappointed.  I remember doing this as a child with far superior results.  Why do they have to make toys so cheaply now.  I would gladly pay more for a toy that actually does what it says.  It does not spin fast enough to evenly distribute paint.  My daughter has not seemed to mind yet and is enjoying the toy but knowing how it should operate I am very disappointed.", 1.0
"This comes with barely enough paint for 2 uses and then no info is given on how to get refills and the store doesn't sell any and they don't even tell you what kind of paint to get.  A real pain.", 2.0
"The box said it came with 10 refillable paint containers, but ours only had 9 bottles, and one of those was empty.  No matter, really, it's just a small amount of paint to start with, but why not give people what you tell them you will?  The color selection is all right, but not super - you don't get ROYGBIV or anything.  It may vary, of course, but we had a lot of light green.  Some of them have glitter, which is extra cool and does a good job of making the whole picture sparkle if you add it last.  It also comes with a small assortment (40 pieces) of paper -- in both large and small sizes -- of which you are encouraged to reserve the last one as a template to trace and make new ones.  Poster board seems to be about the same thickness as the original paper.", 1.0
"The smaller "bonus" machine will go fast if you pump the button down repeatedly.  By doing this, it actually can go faster than the battery operated one and the paint distributes and spatters very well.", 2.0
"The instruction manual, if you can call it that, is pretty limited.  It shows in about 3 pictures how to put everything together and operate it.  No tips or hints on how to make neat designs.  It's the least detailed set of instructions I have seen with an art toy.", 5.0
"It comes apart for easy rinsing/wiping.  I've always done this immediately after the paint session, and the units are still as clean as they were the first time out of the box.", 5.0
"My kids love it.  They want to spin pictures every day", 4.0
"We were very disappointed in this toy.  It does not spin fast enough to make the paint spray evenly over the cardboard.  My older children had a spin art toy that was great.  It made the most spectacular designs. This is not worth the effort or money", 4.0
"What a disappointment.  The spinner just can't gain enough speed to do anything lilke what it is supposed to do.  Overall, it's  a cheap item with limited supplies for the $", 5.0
"The shuttle bay door will fall off in no time.  The booster rockets will be next.  The ability to stand it up on the launch pad will last a few days at best.  And the robot arm is cheap garbage.  This is my experience with a 4 year old boy, but it applies to all ages", 5.0
"My 3 year old is very interested in space and LOVES this toy. Having said that one has to make sure that her child plays carefully with it----the payload doors don't really close, the robotic arm is a bit hard to use and the satellite dish on the truck is difficult to put back on. Meets the need for a realistic shuttle, though", 1.0
"My son is very into space and rockets right now (he's 3) so I thought that he would like this toy.  That is an understatement!  He LOVES this toy.  Every piece is well made and has supplied him with hours of imaginative and inventive play", 5.0
"The description lies, there are no minifigures, Elite or otherwise, included. Unless you have money to spend for additional sets to get this vehicle a pilot, I wouldn't suggest it as anything other then a display peice. It's shiny though, and as far as I can tell mostly accurate to the game, if not to scale with the other things (This is a problem with all the minifigures...I suggest the 1/6 scale ones instead.", 5.0
"This is more of a costume item for an adult or older child than a toy for a young child.  There are only two working buttons, one to open the visor and one that repeats a single message through a crackly speaker.  There is some padding on the top, but not enough.  The manufacturer acknowleges this by including a note suggesting that more padding be added.  Overall not a good value at all for the price.", 5.0
"I bought this helmet hoping that it would be big enough to fit an adult.  I was pleasantly surprised when it was big enough to wear comfortably!  While there is no headband or suspension, the inside is padded with foam, and the whole thing is light enough that it was very comfortable.", 5.0
"Any helmet can get stuffy to wear, but the front visor opens up so much that it is very easy to breath, and you could wear this for hours.  The electronics are an inside speaker that repeats the same sequence, and the microphone doesn't work, but the overall look is so good that it doesn't matter.", 5.0
"I plan on putting together an astronaut suit for this, and it would be a perfect outfit for Halloween parties", 4.0
"The entire play tent idea is a great idea. However, it does need a little more attention to the velcro snaps to attach the tunnels and tents together into one unit. It isn't durable enough for the price. I had it out for a day, and my daughter didn't last in it. She prefers the schoolbus instead. I can see this toy breaking down with tears very quickly because it is a little fragile", 5.0
"My twin boys (16 months) love this toy.  I would suggest getting at least 100 extra balls.  (I have 250 in our ball pit and it really looks fun)) The connections aren't the best, but they work better than other company models that don't have velcro straps.  Our kids play in this on and off most of the day.  On a cautionary note, this is a fairly large system of tunnels and tents so make sure that you have plenty of room.  Of course, you can use the pieces separately to make several smaller play spaces instead of one large area.  Overall, I am glad I purchased this and that I didn't wait until the recommended 3 year old age range.", 5.0
"I purchased this product for my 1-yr old daughter's birthday because she loves to crawl under and through anything.  She loves this, too.  My 3 sons (3, 7, 12) love it, too, even though the 7 and 12 are a little too big. Set up was very easy, although I have not tried to take it down.  It is a little flimsy at the connection points, but not enough that I wouldn't recommend it.  I would get more pieces to connect if I had a larger space", 5.0
"My kids 4 and 6 both love this, I bought it for my 4 year olds birthday.  I really liked the fact that it folded flat and was easy to store, however, my husband and I have yet to figure that out!", 4.0
"We got this for our son about a month ago.  He's almost 14 months now, younger than the recommended age of 3 years, but he is never unsupervised when using the playhut.  Our son loves to play hide and seek (hiding from us, of course :))inside the playhut, or just going in and retrieving the balls we toss in there for him.  He doesn't exactly know what to do with the basketball hoop yet, but I'm sure that will come.", 5.0
"He has lost his balance while in the playhut and knocked it down, but it pops right back up.  And, since we have it up against a wall, it is more stable anyway.", 5.0
"Enjoy", 5.0
"What a bunch of junk!  Upon opening the Megaland, I noticed it was ripped at the seam in one area.  This was a pretty large rip I might add.  After inspecting it more I noticed about a dozen more places where it was ripped.  I noticed another parent said the same thing.  Now I know why it's half off! Don't waste your money.", 5.0
"A little scary. I'm sure it's a fluke,but the one I bought the inside of one tent had an inseam not sewn around the metal frame of tent, therefore a portion of metal frame was available to toddler. Possibility of breaking and small metal pieces was all I could invision.Therefore I sent product back. The other 2 tents were in perfect condition, as was the 3 tunnels, so as I said,I'm sure it's a fluke, but didn't want to take a chance for my 2yr old", 4.0
"This set up is a bit flimsy and the tunnels don't have anything to connect them to the tent. My son still loves it but I wish it was a bit more sturdy", 5.0
"it is a good toy but the balls are rather small and youmust check the seams when they arrive for poor sowin", 5.0
"We have had this shopping cart for 3 years now. I have 2 active girls who love to play with it. It does not show any wear after 3 years & it has been rammed into walls and pushed down the stairs. I think it is very sturdy & worth the money", 5.0
"I've already spent way too much time trying to screw the basket in and hammer the wheel caps on.  What a pain in the neck. This was the most expensive cart and I can't believe it's taking this long to put together - not worth it", 5.0
"We bought this shopping cart for my daughter's birthday to replace the cheapie one she'd had before. Her previous one had cost under $10 (a gift) and there is no comparison between that one and the Little Tikes one. The old one was flimsy from the get go, faded quickly, and when it broke, left sharp edges in the plastic. The Little Tikes cart is much, much sturdier and safer.", 5.0
"I put it together in less than 30 minutes, even with my daughter's 'help'. There's a nice deep basket that holds a good amount of pretend play food or whatever else your child wants to push around. The seat for a doll folds against the cart just like a real shopping cart, and easily holds a good variety of different style dolls. The empty shelf under the basket is a nice touch, perfect for stashing more groceries.", 5.0
"This cart is definitely worth the extra money, and I'd gladly buy it again", 5.0
"Let me start by saying my son has had this toy for over three years and it is his absolute favorite.  Since he's had it so long I can tell you its very durable.  We haven't had any problems.   This is the one and only toy he has used every single day since we bought it.   He uses it for pretty much everything,  but especially for cleaning up.  He uses it to gather up all of his toys and take them to his bedroom to put away.  He also loves to use it to play store.", 5.0
"The only problem with this toy:  when his friends come over they want to play with it too!  Maybe I should get a few more of them!", 1.0
"I would highly recommend this toy to anyone!", 4.0
"We had this grocery cart for three years. I would give the basket and base ten stars for sturdiness. After lots of play though, the wheels will no longer stay; I got tired of "popping" them back into place. Overall, three years has been a good lifetime for this toy", 4.0
"Without a doubt, this is the best shopping cart available!", 5.0
"1. Sturdy", 2.0
"2. The little seat for a baby doll- easy to get baby doll in and out and it makes it more like the real thing.", 5.0
"3. Holds a ton of food.", 1.0
"Both of our kids, 26 mo. girl and 15 mo. boy love this!", 5.0
"We bought this cart for our 16 month old daughter and it's a hit. She loves pushing her "baby" in it and filling it with "groceries." I love that it's so sturdy compared to the others on the market and very hard to tip over. At first I wasn't thrilled about the price but I was sold after comparing it with the others. It's very durable and high quality. I know this one will last.", 4.0
"This shopping cart is the perfect height for my daughter.  My two boys even love to use it to cart around their cars and blocks!  Highly recommended", 5.0
"This product is fun for my 2 year old.  She loves to push it around with her dolls riding inside.  As for parents, It is an easy thing to use to help clean up toys as it has a decent sized basket and it rolls pretty easy", 4.0
"I bought it for my niece,  she love it, play with it instantly. I did not buy the accesories because she use any single toy she had and put on it", 4.0
"I had a hard time finding dishes for someone under 3 years of age.  these were perfect for a 2 year old.  she really enjoys them, and loves making "soup Hot" for her daddy. it includes pots and pans and little a spatula and serving spoon so she learns how to use these things. It helps with dexterit", 5.0
" NICE BABY GIFT FOR NEWBORN.....I ATTACHED A GIFT CERTIFICATE AND A BIG BOW ...EASY BABY SHOWER GIFT...", 1.0
"We got this cube before my son was born.  He has enjoyed playing with it since he was very small.  First he would just look at it, then he started moving the flap with the bullseye and now he grabs all the different parts of it and really manipulates it.  The different rings and sections to grab make this a great toy for a child learning to reach.  My son is now six months old and he still enjoys this toy", 5.0
"This is my son's favorite toy.  He has been playing with it since he was a month old.  He loves to here it jingle, and open the flap and see the panda bear.  He is now 4 months old and it is still his favorite toy.", 4.0
"I can give him this to play with in his bouncy seat and it keeps him occupied for a long time.  I've also attached it to his baby gym and he loves grabbing at it.  Highly reccommend it", 5.0
"My baby got this when she was 6 weeks old.  She was liking it by the time she was 2 months old.  She now is 4 1/2 months old and still enjoys it.  Great educational toy with the different colors and textures.  Awesome for young baby", 4.0
"Our 3 month daughter loves this toy.  It has multiple shapes and colors for visual devlopment and enough different textures to keep her busy while I write this review.  Very good product", 5.0
"I know that the Amazon description says that this is for babies 3 months to 2 years, but I just had to buy this early after I read all of the great reviews.  When it arrived, I attached it to the activity gym (I uploaded a photo of it if you are interested in seeing how I did this).  My baby boy, Benjamin, immediately grabbed it.  He was only 6 weeks old at the time, so I am sure that it was just a coincidence, but it made me feel bad that I had not offered him toys at a level he could reach before this.  Throughout that first day, he became fascinated with the toy.  He quickly learned how to grab (even though his depth perception is still off) and I believe that this toy helped him develop his "grabbing skills" faster than if I had not purchased this toy.  I am sure that this toy is going to get a lot of use from my baby boy.  He has now decided that it is more fun to kick it than to grab it.", 5.0
"Personally, I believe that this toy should have a lower age recommendation.  He was only half way there and I know I could have given it to him sooner.", 5.0
"My 3 month old loves the cube. I attach it to whatever I can, it goes everywhere with us", 4.0
"It is a very educating and entertaining toy; my baby is only 6 months old and he loves it!  He shakes it and scratches it!", 1.0
"This toy is a wonderful first toy. It captures their attention and has all kinds of handles for them to grab when they're ready! I absolutely love it, and so does my son", 1.0
"My 6 yr. old son received this for Christmas. He loves it and so do I! I think he likes playing hang man the best. It's cool that it has a light so he can play at night", 5.0
"Purchased the Batman Laptop Computer at Target for Christmas for my grandson who is not quite 5 years old.  He was totally drawn in because it is Batman....but the games kept his interest. The entire family enjoyed trying the different games. Dad, a musician, enjoyed the music game. Graphics are super... I love the way Batman gives his approval with a thumbs up when you get the answer right....and the cool light inside that allows you to adjust from green to red. Grandma played in the dark with grandson for fun even. Worth the $38.99 I paid at Target on sale for sure.", 1.0
"My 6 year son loves this!  The sides open up, the lights come flashing on and it's easy to open.  The games are fun and keeps him entertained for hours!  I would definitely recommend", 1.0
"I came across this item by accident while doing my Christmas shopping yesterday. Not only am I sure my 6 year old son will LOVE this...I LOVE IT! LOL! It is really cool. You push the top and it pops open while the wings shoot out. There is flashing lights and sounds. You have to put in any number of codes all beginning with BAT to access the games and activities.", 5.0
"It has a keyboard on it just like a real laptop which I am thrilled with. Now my son can type on his computer instead of mine! LOL! I played with it myself for probably half an hour. Sure there are some things he wont be able to do but it wouldnt be much fun if he already knew how to do it. It is definately something that will be with him for awhile.", 5.0
"The only small complaint I would have is that the screen could be bigger. For the size of the top of the laptop the actual screen that is used is very small. I dont see why they could not have utilized more of the screen and still had room to list the bat codes.", 2.0
"Either way, I am sure any Batman fan would love this, any little boy will love this...and any mother who is looking for a cool, fun, EDUCATIONAL toy will LOVE this!", 4.0
"The best part for me is the lights you can turn on. There is probably 2 or 3 settings for the lights that help you see the screen so much better. That is a great feature as well as the wings which dont really add much except that it will make any young boy think he has something Batman might actually use!", 4.0
"I TOTALLY reccommend this "toy" for anyone with boys ages 5 to 7 or even 8", 5.0
"I bought this computer for my just turned 5 year old.  While he thinks it is really cool, it is a bit hard for him.  Of the 26 games, he can play 6.  I am happy that it is a toy he can grow with and it can teach him a lot.  The graphics are great but I do wish the volume could be turned down one more setting.  I do wish there was a setting that they could just type letters to learn the keypad.  All in all, a good investment.", 4.0
"Just wanted to let others know this info that I found out after reading the tip given by the reviewer about getting the table for a lot cheaper at Costco ...", 5.0
"I called Costco and they carried the KIDKRAFT art table with two stools back in January of 2006, and will no longer be carrying it.  You can find it at Walmart for $66 plus shipping, just check the website.  The table is not the same however -- the dimensions are different, the sides of the tables is slightly different (on one side of the Kidcraft table has two cups and a mesh basket in between the two cups, and the other side has a space where little legos can snap onto).  The stools are also tiny compared to the ones that come with this table. Overall it looks a little less substantial, but since I haven't seen it in person, I really can't give my opinion.", 5.0
"Hope that helps someone", 4.0
"My two little girls , 2 and 3 years old, love this table and use every day.  I bought it about a month ago and it is still their favourite toy.  They love it so much they want to eat their meals at it also.", 4.0
"It was expensive but well worth the money.  I love the fact that there is enough space on the benches that their friends can sit and create.  The table is also large enough that each child has their own drawing space", 5.0
"I've seen this table in quite a few magazines and tossed the idea aside because of the price.  I found the exact table, same brand and everything in Costco for $49.99.  So of course I bought it and am glad I did.  My kids love to do all of their projects on this table.  It is durable and has plenty of room for my 3 kids to sit at.", 1.0
"My 2y daughter received this on 2nd bday and she has not let it go since, (7mo). Dora "feeds" the baby bro/sis with the bottle in her hand, while it (bottle)makes good sound effects. There is also a pretend plate of carrots/peas/potatoes and comes with 2 spoons, very good role-modeling as Dora is the big sister. The songs she sings are very sweet, as both the songs and the questions she asks engage my daughter in fun role playing.", 1.0
"My 2 yr. old daughter and I were at a store shopping for her birthday presents ( a little early ) and when she saw this dora doll with her baby sister and baby brother she wouldn't put it down, and since I bought it for her she has slept with her every night, this doll is practically attached to my daughter. Every time dora asks, "do the babies want some more?" after feeding them my daughter giggles and says "ok dora" it's amazing how she interacts with this doll. It's deffinatly worth the money to buy it!", 4.0
"My daughter adores Dora and has been asking for this toy.  She received it for Christmas and is thrilled.  I love it because it is a very sturdy toy.  The babies are heavy duty plastic and Dora is half plastic, half cloth.  My daughter has been sleeping with the Dora.  She is enjoying pretending to feed the babies and put them in Dora's carrier.  This toy is great for play acting as well as wonderful if you are trying to get your child ready for a little brother or sister, although you might want to educate your child that they won't be able to carry their new sibling around in a carrier like Dora until they are much older", 5.0
"I see most of the reviews come from mom's of 2 year old, but heck my 7 year old daughter just had to have this doll, and actually, her 3 year old brother just loves it too.  They both like to cuddle and feed the babies!", 5.0
"We bought this for my daughters 2nd Birthday. She loves it. She will sit and play with the babies for hours. She loves the bottle that comes with them. The only thing that i wish is the babies were softer. They are a very hard plastic and she loves cuddling with them. I think it would be easier for her if they wre  soft and not hard. Other then that this doll is cute!!", 4.0
"My daughter is 2 1/2 and she loves Dora.  She loves playing with Dora and the babies", 4.0
"I ordered three sets of these Dora dolls.  They are the cutest thing I have seen.  I know my 2 and 4 year old granddaughters will love them. They appear to be well made.", 2.0
"Fabric stores carry fleece "Dora" material.  I bought some and made doll blankets with it just by cutting a fringe around the outside.   I can't wait until Christmas to see their eyes light up when they see the dolls with matching blankets", 5.0
"My 4 year old daughter asks every day to have this Big Sister Dora for Christmas.  I love it.  She doesn't know I already have it hidden in the closet for her.  She even drew an awesome picture of Dora holding both babies for Santa so he can get it just right.", 5.0
"I loved this idea the second they came out with it.  I love that it helps my daughter love her role in our family as "Big Sister."  What a positive idea!  Who doesn't need more excitement to help their child welcome a sibling into the world?  I love too, that there are twin babies.  My daughter is already planning to share one of the babies with her little sister.  Although, we only have 2 girls at this time, they know that someday we can welcome a new little brother or sister into our family as well.  I would highly recommend this toy.  I mean, what little girl doesn't love Dora", 4.0
"Let me just say this: my 4 year old is a certifiable Dora nut.  She loves her.  You could give her a bag with Dora on it and she'd think it was the cat's meow.  But, I must say, Mom-Mom came through big with this toy for her 4th birthday.  She loves that Dora feeds the twin babies from the bottle attached to her hand.  She loves the little song that Dora sings about being a Big Sister when she presses Dora's hand.  She's already singing it around the house.  The feeding accesories are cute and durable as well and the twin babies themselves are all too cute in and of themselves.  Also, Since my four-year old daughter is a twin as well - she has a twin brother - I think she can really relate to this toy on that level as well.  Great toy", 4.0
"My children and I are very happy with big sister Dora.  My 18 month old baby sleeps with Dora's baby brother and sister in her hands.  My three children enjoy playing with the doll, they love putting the babies in Dora's carrier.  I wish they also sold the babies separately", 5.0
"I got my stunning Baby Born off Ebay today. She is a different kind of Baby Born, but if I reviewed the exact doll she was then no one would read my review. She is absolutely adorable and so cuddly. Her skin feels like a real baby's and she looks so much like a newborn it's unbelievable. Her toes are individual-perfect for playing This Little Piggy! Her hands are so lovely and baby-like. She is kissably cute and fun to hold. And she can squeak! I love to make her squeak. Even my cousin (who is not that fond of baby dolls) likes her! I've gotten so many compliments on my baby. I love her so much. She is even heavy like a real baby! I love giving her a pacifier. She is so cute I don't want to put her down! What a fantastic toy!", 2.0
"I totally recommend this for any doll lovers. She is cute, sized and weighted like a real baby, and soooo realistic. Not for younger kids, though. Definitely more 7-14 year olds.", 2.0
"My 13 bucks was well spent on my new baby! If you want this baby then go for it!! I am going to get lots of new accessories for her off Ebay!!! If you are planning to get her, you should get some accessories to go with her and you should look on Ebay. This doll is sooooo worth the money! Outstanding!!!", 5.0
"Unlike all the bad reviews on this doll, I want  to say how wonderful this doll is she does everything it says on the box, I know a lot of people says she doesn't cry but she does it takes a while if your child plays with her a lot and feeds her the right way she will cry, our doll cry's every time my daughter squeezes her hand, even my 8 year old son loves to make her cry, it is over all a great doll my daughter dresses her in different outfits and take her everywhere she goes...", 5.0
"My daughter got this doll 2 years ago and it is still her favorite!  She still plays with it, swims with it and bathes with it.  It is a great doll", 4.0
"I am now in college- studding to be a teacher. I however got the orriginal "Baby Born" doll when I was one. It was my first doll ever and I still have her. I named her Molly when I was three and would carry her every where. I of course had the orriginal that didnt do as much as todays baby born- mine did not cry, make noises, go potty but I had an imagination and in my eyes she was real. (I watched "A little princess" and believed that all dolls were alive) But Baby born to me was more than a doll. I recamend baby born for all little girls- and the women who said baby born is ugly- well I dont know about other adults but the adults that my parents knew thought my doll was a real baby- until they would see me spin with her and they would have a heart attact and then realize its a doll...that they all thought was life like and adorable. I love baby born and I am now going to buy one for my cousin Jordan as her first real baby doll.", 2.0
"This is the best kitchen out there.  My kids have had it for about a year now. (4 and 2, a girl and a boy) And they LOVE it.  They play with it everyday.  We have TONS of kitchen accesories and they all fit. The freezer is one open space, the fridge has one shelf, the stove has one shelf and the pantry has one shelf. So this doubles as your storage too.  My husband put it together, no problems.  And i must add...the box came very damaged (it's very heavy and i guess the ups guy wasn't happy about that). It ended up that 4 major pieces were badly damaged.  I called kidkraft and they sent brand new pieces (the big sides) no questions asked!!! so to top off a great product is a great company.", 5.0
"My daughter LOVES this kitchen, however, it takes some time to put together and there are so many pieces! Definitely a 2 person project", 4.0
"It is a beautiful kitchen - my 3yo loves it - I bought", 4.0
"a lot of food and stuff to go with it and she gets a total kick out of it.", 1.0
"The microwave plastic came cracked and it was so involved putting it together", 1.0
"that we didn't bother un assembling it and sending it back", 1.0
"I purchased this kitchen last Christmas for my girls.  When it arrived, both my husband and I were amazed at the quality.  Assembly instructions(although it takes a few hours) were very clear and all of the parts and pieces were color coded and numbered.  I consider this piece to be "furniture quality."  To top it off, it is absolutely adorable and my girls (2 and 4) love to play with it.  It is definitely the type of piece that can be passed down from generation to generation.  If you are considering purchasing some of the kitchen sets from the pricier mall/catalog stores (you KNOW which ones I am talking about), consider this first.", 1.0
"My girls love this kitchen. They play with it everyday.  It has a lot of storage so you can store play food, dishes, etc", 4.0
"We bought this for my daughter's 3 year birthday and it was a huge hit.  It is very solid, a nice size (almost 4 ft high by almost 4 feet long), big enough for 2 children to play with simaltaneously, and most of all NOT PLASTIC.  My husband and I were amazed at the quality for the price and I think my daughter will get several years worth of play out of it it.  I highly recommend it (keep in mind it took my husband 2-3 hours to assemble)!", 5.0
"We bought this for our girls (4 and 2 yrs) last Christmas so we have last year's model so I can vouch for how well this has held up. They still love it and play with it daily. Great wooden design and sturdy construction, but let me tell you this is no small undertaking to assemble; it is easy but time consuming. If I only could have paid Santa to assemble! Other than that, as compared to the other wooden kitchens, it is a great product at this price point and much better quality than the plastic ones that make noises etc. as it is larger and in reality kids will use their imagination and don't need all that other stuff. My girls cook, bang, open doors and shove stuff in it and it takes it like a champ! The only drawback is that is is primarily made in feminine colors so if you have a little man that loves to cook Target now carries a great little wooden kitchen that is blue and has a stainless steel look to it plus they carry great wooden food and accessories.", 5.0
"I bought the type with the fridge attached.  My daughter loves it.  I researched kitchen sets well, and this by far was the most reccommended!  Love it Love it Love it!", 4.0
"I bought the model with the refrigerator and phone for my granddaughter and it is so precious!  I was expecting something screwed together and flimsy but KidKraft uses metal screw plugs (I can't remember what they are really called) to put this together and it is very sturdy and the screws won't strip out the pressed wood.  (It does weigh 80#s!) The hardware that is used to put this together is all organized in a little tray so it was very easy for me to find what I needed, normally you have to spend the first hour sorting out the screws.  The directions are pretty easy to follow, I only had problems figuring out how to attach the top but it only took me a few minutes to get it right.  I am a woman who has my own tools so I tackled this project by myself and it took me a couple of hours, if I had had help it probably would have been completed much more quickly.  (I do recommend tearing off the page with the tray items to keep handy so you aren't constantly flipping back to that page since you need the tray items on every step.) My granddaughter's eyes lit up when she saw it and she played in there for hours (she will be three in January and loves to play pretend).  This is such a cute addition to her girly room and I simply love the pastel colors. I love the quality and the design.  Perfect", 5.0
"I just purchased this game for my 3-1/2 year daughter.  She is a Dora fan, so she wanted to play it immediately.  She sat there and played the entire game in one sitting.  Basically, Dora and Boots are on an adventure to help find pieces for Tico's aircraft.  Swiper makes his regular appearances as well.  I had to help her understand how to do something in a couple of places, but otherwise it was right at her level.  She knows her numbers and colors and she was very excited that she was able to progress.  The best part about the game, in my opinion, is that your little one will be able to make jumps without any problem.  The Pooh game is her other favorite (and another great game), but she needs help in making some of the jumps.  In the Dora game, Dora won't fall if you keep walking when you are supposed to jump - she just leans over on his tippie toes like she is going to fall.  My daughter was especially proud of the fact that she was able to jump on the swinging vines.  I highly recommend this game!", 4.0
"I bought this for my 5yo daughter.  It's actually one of the better Dora games I've seen.  Runs very similarly to the television show.  Offers a little bit more Spanish than the show does.  It's probably a tad on the 'easy' side for its age group though as my daughter didn't find it particularly difficult, but that didn't phase her interest any.  It's now become one of her favorites V Smile games", 5.0
"My son neo (4 1/2) got this game yesterday  we opened it and he played all the way throught the learning adventure with out stopping.   The controls for this game seem alittle more responsive than the older games.  Dora speaks in both english and spanish: colors, numbers, and animals.  If you are going to get another smartridge  this is the one to get", 5.0
"I have been waiting for this game to come out for my daughter as a reward for potty training.  My daughter just turned 3 and this game was very easy for her navigate, as the previous poster stated some of other V-Smile games are hard to control.  The graphics and characters voices are as if your watching the Cartoon Dora.  This game is also very educational with teaching spanish and english colors and numbers. Also they teach animal sounds and recognition of animals (both underwater and farm animals).  Today was the first day we had it so I'm sure I'm missing a lot in this review, but this game is by far the best V-Smile game of them all and we have all the V-Smile games (we keep up to date when the new games come out).", 1.0
"This is a great game for the little ones just starting out with v-smile. Dora is very easy to control. Unlike the Lion King game where it's quite hard to jump from object to object, in this game you cannot miss your target. My daughter loves this game", 4.0
"i needed a kitchen for my 3 yr old daughter that would fit into a very small space...but one that was enjoyable to play with.  we received it very quickly, in time for her birthday, and although she has not played with it yet; i did a test run on it and it seems to be made very well; especially for the price.  it is small but has many different little areas that she can work on that either slide out or open up.  It would probably be difficult for more than two children, max,  to really play with this at the same time (again b/c of the size) unless they had some other accompanying toys like table and chairs so that one child could be the chef and the others could help preapre the food at the table or be the customers, taking turns, etc...  as for the tipping over part that another reviewer mentioned, hers will be against a wall; as i think most people have their toy kitchens so i dont think that would be a problem.   in all; a good basic kitchen for a great price", 4.0
"I purchased this kitchen because of its colors and the challenge it provides to my three year old son with a disability. He need to be able to go against gravity and this toy has helped him a whole lot. For my son it is for therapy, for my daughter is is a toy.  I wish it was sturdy, but for me, it served the purpose", 1.0
"We bought this kitchen for my 3 yr old son for christmas. After searching through other kitchens we decided on this one for many reasons. First we liked that it was not huge and overbearing, and with the minimal sounds and  electronic functions there is still plenty of room for using his imagination which was important to us. Both burners light up, one makes a "frying" sound, the other a "boiling" sound. It is compact enough to move around easily, we like to keep it in the kitchen as well as the living room and outside on the nice days.", 1.0
"Secondly we liked that chicco got it right with regards to the usually discriminating gender biased kitchen sets of pinks and purples. subdued primary colors are used in the chicco kitchen making it appealing to both genders. Lastly the price for this kitchen was a bargain compared to others out there, especially since we were not sure how much my son would really use it. Although my son has played with it in the company of another child with ease, I would reccomend getting something bigger if you have two children constantly playing with the kitchen as it is rather small or in conjunction with other kitchen items that can be placed near it like a microwave or coffee pot, so the focus is not just on one item at at given time", 4.0
"My 3 year old and my 1 year old play so nicely together with this toy.  My only complaint is that it could be heavier on the bottom; it's toppled over a couple of times.  Otherwise, it's great; they love the 'burners' which make noise & light up.  I bought some more accessories because there's not too many included", 5.0
"My son has always tried to "cook" with the real pots and pans and always asked for a spoon to stir his food with so in order to keep our real stuff clean, I decided to get him his own kitchen for Christmas this year.  When he woke up Chrismtas morning, he went straight for this toy and played with it for an hour before even looking at the other toys and presents.  And it only took maybe 5 minutes to assemble--quite a bonus for Christmas Eve.", 4.0
"The reasons I chose this one was because it is in primary colors so it's OK for boys and girls, it doesn't take up much space and it was reasonably priced.  As others mentioned it is easy to tip over since it's small especially for younger kids (like my son) who really want to reach the top storage area but are a bit too short.  I've started to make sure it's against the wall or refrigerator so it can't get knocked over.  With reference to another reviewer mentioning the oven door not staying closed, you do have to push it hard to close it all the way but then it does stay closed.", 5.0
"Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase since my son is totaly in love with it and it is compact enough that we can keep it in the kitchen all the time without it getting in the way", 4.0
"My one year old son loves to play with toy kitchens whenever he sees one, but I did not want to pay big $$ for a toy kitchen. I am so glad that I found this one. He is 13 months old and it is perfect for him. Very inexpensive but VERY cute and fun. He is not yet walking, so I just put it up against the wall. So far, it has not tipped over once.", 5.0
"It is the perfect kitchen for him. He already pretends to cook and eat the play food that is included. My husband also liked the fact that it is not girlie in any way", 4.0
"After surveying lots of kitchen sets, I decided to buy star kitchen for my kids(1.5 & 1.2 years old). It turned out to be a great choice. My kids love it, and I love it, too.", 1.0
"This kitchen has everything the larger play kitchens have, but it takes up a third of the space.  My daughter received this one for her second birthday and she enjoys cooking daddy breakfast with it almost every morning.  When her friends come over to play, it is usually the first thing they go to -- even the older ones!  I highly recommend this for anyone wanting to buy their child(ren) a small, but very functional kitchen", 4.0
"I ordered this particular bunco set because the company's description said it was PINK!  I received a very ugly cream and red set.", 5.0
"The set is great and the rule book refreshed my memory.  The Item did not come in the color shown.  I wanted a pink one and I got a red and taupe set.  Kind of disappointing", 5.0
"The game of Bunco has been around since the late 1800's, when it was a popular parlor game among Victorian families.  At some point, it spread through the mining and gambling communities in the still-wild West and became a popular way to lose lots of money quickly.", 1.0
"The game of Bunco has remained popular among many people for all this time, and Fundex Games has now released a Bunco Party kit.  The game comes with all the things you need to play Bunco, as well as cute invitations to invite people to your very own Bunco Party!", 5.0
"Bunco is a great game for an afternoon with the girls, a family game night or an alternative to poker (or your other gambling game of choice).", 4.0
"As the previous reviewer complained about this games simplicity, he has obviously never attended a BUNCO Party!  This is a awesome game to play with a group of friends, it is easy, allows for conversation, and has become a craze across the USA!!!  There are countless Bunco party's going on each week which allow moms and I am sure some dads a night out with friends & neighbors for a little fun.  This kit is great and has everything you'll need to host a BUNCO party!  Get the wine chilling & the appetizers ready for a fun party you and your friends will never forget!!!", 5.0
"I played this game a bunch of times today. The game was pointless, slow, and boring. The only thing I liked was ringing the bell. The point of the game is to roll 21 ones, then twos, then threes, etc. How lame is that.", 5.0
"I recommend you try Yatzee instead", 5.0
"I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER. SHE LOVED IT IN THE STORE AND I THOUGHT IT WAS CUTE. I ALSO AGREE WITH THE OTHER REVIEWERS THAT THERE SHOULD BE INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE STICKERS, BUT YOU DON'T NEED TO BE A GENIOUS TO FIGURE OUT WHERE THEY GO. I CHOSE TO NOT SHAROEN THE PENCIL BECAUSE SHE IS 3 AND I DIDN'T THINK IT WAS NECESSARY. FOR TWENTY DOLLARS IT IS A GOOD BUY. I KNOW MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT AND IS HAVING A LOT OF FUN WITH IT", 4.0
"I bought this for our daughter and decided to open it, apply the stickers, and put the tools in a little travel bag before wrapping it up for Christmas.  I'm very glad I did, because I'll have time to return it now and get her something else!", 5.0
"1.  The end-door (yellow) will not stay closed.  It falls out, it falls in.", 5.0
"2.  The syringe looks cute until you pick it up.  Because it gets wider at the back, the plunger will not stay in it - it just drops right out.  Also, the hole which would normally be at the tip is placed on the side.  ?!", 5.0
"3.  The tools really do need a bag.  If that were the only problem, I had the solution by using a small travel bag.", 5.0
"4.  There is nothing to tell where the stickers go.  I looked at the wrap-around packaging to figure it out, but had two stickers left over.  I examined all of the toys themselves for clues, but ended up throwing the extra stickers away.", 5.0
"5.  There is a little clipboard and an unsharpened pencil.  The pencil does not stay in the clipboard's pencil "holder."", 5.0
"Do NOT buy this set!  Buy a stuffed animal and a regular play-doctor kit.  You could even buy a real (small) pet cage at a pet store!", 2.0
"Brought this item for my grandaughter, and she has totaly enjoyed it. It appears to be well made, and should last a long time. I believe it to be very educational as she pretends to be a veternarian", 5.0
"Overall this is a nice toy. My daughter loves animals and if your child does this would be one they would enjoy playing with over and over again. It comes with everything you need to care for the puppy.  The puppy is soft and very huggable. The only thing I would suggest is that it should come with a small bag to keep all the pieces in.  My daughter ends up throwing all the pieces into the carrier with the dog in it and they jiggle and spill out sometimes when it's being carried around.  It would also help to avoid losing those small pieces. Other than that, we love it", 5.0
"My seven year old daughter says she wants to be a vet, so when we went to spend some birthday money, and she saw this, she fell in love with it.  Some of the accessories don't look like any tool I've ever seen at a vet's office, but that hasn't stopped her from finding a use for them--she's really using her imagination with this one.  No broken parts in our kit, and it's not getting the most gentle treatment, so maybe I got a new version or something.", 4.0
"We also got the 13" (I think) Darby that comes separately, and she says it's the Mommy dog, and "Little Darby" is her baby, who's sick and has to see the vet", 1.0
"We got this for my daughter for her 2nd birthday.  She plays with it daily and love to pretend she's the doctor for Darby.  She puts him to bed in his kennel everynight just like we do our real dog.  Would highly recommend this toy", 5.0
"Very interesting spoof of the original game.  I found the first one boring after a few plays, but this one still interests my kids and I after 10+ plays.  It's a bit convoluted to put it together initially, but well worth it", 5.0
"After I saw the advertisement for Clue DVD I immediately went out to buy it. I've always been a fan of Clue and this updated version provides players with some new twists and excellent graphics.  While you are playing the game, the Butler and an Inspector often appear to provide you with Clues about the case. Another addition to the game is added locations and having to figure the time of the crime.  Any Clue fan will appreciate this version", 5.0
"     I always thought Clue looked like a complicated game I'd never touch!  That is until I played it at my friends house!  Now I'm a Clue fanatic trying to collect all the versions!  This game can never get old because it's a different outcome every time!  I strongly reccomend it to anyone 8 and older", 5.0
"Excellent product! I really appreciate the option to choose any of the 50 given mystery cases to solve. After playing all 50, you can just start all over again! Fun, fun, fun game! THANKS", 5.0
"This is an extremely fun and addictive game. You shuffle the cards, and place three (room, weapon, person) in the secret envelope. In every room you go into, you can make accusations. If someone has the card you accused (like the room), then they show it to you and you write it down on your notepad. The game changes constantly, so it never gets boring. The character pieces have teeny details, like Mr. Green has straps and buckles on his briefcase. I gave it 4 stars for education because it teaches you to focus and really THINK. Oh, and good problem-solving skills too. And coordination (you have to add all the clues up to see who did it). All in all, a terrific game. Great for rainy days or playdates. And did I mention the weapons? Very realistic. And cute", 5.0
"This was a little difficult to figure out in the beginning - Actually had to read the instructions - but it was very fun and very disney.  Fam loves it", 5.0
"My son received this game for Christmas and it is by far his favorite game.  He enjoys pretending to be a detective and the game is easy enough for him to play and understand.  I just have to figure out how to get more of the scoring sheets", 5.0
"I bought this game long time ago but unfortunately all my friends were busy until X'mas. There were 5 of us and once we started playing, we were all addicted! I have heard from some other friends commented Clue was a boring game, but we all found it fun and challenging! Apart from strict logic thinking, the keys to win were to ask the right question and make a good, well organised notes! Last time we played we had 5 players, so some of us got 4 cards in hand and some got only 3 in hands. That was a bit unfair because the players with 4 cards had more clues in the beginning and so their chances of winning were higher. So we tried in one game to open 3 cards on the table, the game was finished a lot more quickly. But we all found that it was less challenging.", 2.0
"Overall, great game!! Train you brain in logic thinking as much as Sudoku and Mastermind", 5.0
"Okay, the original B-Wing was a little under-scaled and wasn't very accurate to the movie. Lego has gained alot of popularity over the years, alot more than before. Alot of people were asking for a new B-Wing because: 1.They weren't fans at that time to get it. 2.The B-Wing is just so cool. Here's my review:", 1.0
"The B-Wing, well, just looks so NICE! I don't know why it is called a B-Wing, since it resembles a T more than anything else. Oh well, still a cool ship. You get two minifigures, a B-Wing pilot dressed in a nice looking red. And you get a Sullustan pilot named Ten Numb.(Yes Ten Numb is a real Star Wars character, he was dressed red in Return of the Jedi.) I think Ten Numb looks great. If you see his actual picture, I think you would agree. The B-Wing pilot has a classic smily face and what looks to be a racing helmet. Shweet! Two pilots and you only need one.", 5.0
"The B-Wing is a masterpiece. Not only does it look more accurate than it's previous self, it is more accurate. The B-Wing itself is very sturdy. Two cons come with the B-Wing though. One of them is that the missiles shown do not fire properly. You must tilt the B-Wing to do so, which is very annoying. Another is those dreaded stickers. You never really can get them on right. Oh well, I don't even put the stickers on anyway. The B-Wing comes with a nice yellow and black service station with tools so you can display the B-Wing. I don't use it because in reality, the B-Wing lands horizontally.But it is still nice to have and can be used with other sets if you like.", 5.0
"All in all, this B-Wing literally destroys the old. You get two pilots when you only need one. The price isn't that bad considering the pieces. I think that every fan should own at least one of these. I'm still trying to figure out the B shape though..", 5.0
"I have always loved B-Wings and have told myself that one day I would get one. These new releases caught my eye and so I spent my own money to get one. I was not disappointed. The B-Wing is AWESOME!!! It copies the design and features from the fighter in the movie very carefully, so it's a good-looking model Actually, the B-Wing in the movie is pretty ugly, and this copies the ship from the movie, but I've played enough video games to respect its firepower. I guess it doesn't look too bad. It's a nice Lego, but nothing is perfect. Here are the pros and cons.", 5.0
"PROS:", 5.0
"At a good 15 inches tall, this thing is MONSTER!", 5.0
"It looks really neat", 5.0
"The service tower is a nice thing to have for realistic play", 5.0
"With the tower as a display stand, this thing looks cool in your bedroom", 5.0
"For a huge fighter, it's actually easy to play with", 5.0
"This thing would probably rock in the Star Wars ship battles kids like me have with its 7 guns.", 4.0
"Not too hard to build", 4.0
"CONS:", 5.0
"Kind of expensive", 1.0
"It doesn't break often, but when it does, it's tough to repair", 1.0
"It's not too hard to build, but it does take a while", 5.0
"It doesn't balance too well on the service tower/display stand because it's so heavy. Don't touch it though and you'll be fine", 4.0
"The Ten Numb minifigure doesn't look too good in my opinion", 4.0
"You have to open the S-foils manually. You think Lego would have the little gear-wheel to open it.", 4.0
"Missiles have zip range, but Lego never really came through in the missile department anyway", 5.0
"Engines look a bit tiny compared to the rest of the model", 4.0
"The mechanic minifigure(whichever one you choose to use, I like to use the Ten Numb minifigure)doesn't have a lot of room to stand on", 4.0
"The pilot minifigure is kind of hard to fit in", 5.0
"Overall, most of the flaws are tiny and it's a really cool ship worth the $35", 5.0
"This game is GREAT! You can really create your dream life with this fun toy. What you do is you first create your girl - pick her face, hair style, hair color, and first pair of clothes-, create her room, and make friends. You can also do chores for money, get a job if you want, and go SHOPPING!! There is school but it's only for a few seconds. If you do your homework and study and get good grades, your parents will allow you to get cool things such as YOUR OWN PHONE! You can go to school dances, have crushes, and create your own best friend! It is really fun and ADDICTING!!!!!!! Once you start, it is almost impossible to put it down. Like I said, this game is really fun and enjoyable.", 4.0
"P.S. I read some reviews and saw that a lot of people are complaining about stuff like that the parents are giving too much money for chores and that the dances are dumb because you spend money for a dress and everyone just wears normal clothes. Well if you think about it, the game is called DREAM Life, meaning it's the life you dream about. Wouldn't you want your parents to give you a lot of money to do easy chores, or to have the nicest dress at the dance? So, you can't really deduct stars for that.", 5.0
"hope i helpe", 5.0
"I bought this game for my 11.5 year old daughter and she was not thrilled with it.  She played it once or twice and was bored with it.  It is not a good game if you want a toy your child will love", 5.0
"As a child, I myself grew up with Candyland.  Now that I have children of my own, my house wouldn't be the same without it.", 5.0
"We got this game when my son was 3 and my daughter was 2.  Both of the kids understand the concept of the game and enjoy playing it.", 5.0
"The best thing about this game is that there's nothing really complicated.  The kids don't even have to know their colors to play.  They just need to match up the color on the card with the color on the board.", 5.0
"The game is simple enough that the kids often win which makes the game more enjoyable for them", 5.0
"Every child should have a chance to play this game at least once in their lifetime. The characters on the game board are so awesome too. Queen Frosting (that was her name... right?) is so pretty, she was always my favorite character. All in all, it's a great game and a great gift for nearly any child", 5.0
"im 17, and this has been my favourite game since i was a baby.", 5.0
"its so much fun, and it's soo simple, even the smallest of children can play.", 5.0
"plus, now there are so many different versions of this game, that there are endless hours of fun and excitement!", 5.0
"this game is a staple to every boy and girl, and is the perfect "first boardgame" to start the collection", 5.0
"&lt;3&lt;", 4.0
"My kids really enjoy playing the Candy Land DVD game. There are 3 different games to play and you can play for fun or play to win on each game. With kids running and bouncing around, I really like the fact that the mats pretty much stay put on the carpet. Unlike other games, the kids are not slipping and sliding or falling down on the mats. I believe this game is rated for ages 4 and up, but I think that most 2 and 3 year old kids could play most of the games if not all of the games. My son is 2 and he can play all of the games (we have to help him a bit of the 'Mister Mint says' game though)", 5.0
"Fabulous kitchen which I purchased for my 2 year old grandaughter.  I first saw it at a home recently sold by me.  I was impressed by the quality and appearance.  Upon speaking to other parents and discovering that their children used this "toy" at least until 9, I was inclined to spend the money.  Needless to say, my grandaughter is thrilled.  I have the kitchen in my home office and both her mother and I can feel free to use the computer while she is playing next to us", 5.0
"I purchased this kitchen three weeks ago for my grandchildren.  The instructions were great for assembly.  Lots of storage space for all the kitchen food,dishes and small appliances.  I have it set up in my kitchen and it fits in well with my decor.  It has all the "bells & whistles", that my 4 year old granddaughter and 18 month old grandson really seem to be enjoying.  It takes up a good size spot in my kitchen but it's totally worth it to see the children having fun with it", 5.0
"I gave this toy to my children for Christmas this year and they absolutely love it!  They can entertain themselves for hours with this toy and I cannot say that about any other toy they own.  It takes two people to put it together but it is pretty easy.  My husband and I got it put together in about an hour.  I recomend this kitchnen to anyone, it is well worth the money spent.  They will get years of fun out of it", 5.0
"I bought the deluxe version of this kitchen so there would be plenty of room for my 2 and 3.5 year old to use it at the same time.  It is big but it's worth it!  It was a Christmas present and they play with it daily.  There's plenty of storage within the kitchen for play food and pots/pans and dishes although we use a back up box for the overflow.  It comes in two big boxes but assembly was fairly straight forward.  It took me 1.5 hours with a power screwdriver (I cannot imagine putting this together without one).", 5.0
"A few minor issues:  The description calls for 14 AA batteries.  It actually used 12 AA batteries and the phone used 2 AAA batteries.", 4.0
"Shipping is very expensive.  I wish I had done more homework and either gotten a lower price or free shipping.", 4.0
"A few of the screws were difficult to get in place because there was not enough room to use the power screwdriver (or any screwdriver) straight on.", 4.0
"The screws for the battery plate on the phone are very small and one got stripped when trying to take the back plate off to insert batteries.", 2.0
"I have not had any  of the problems other reviewers have mentioned regarding doors not closing properly.  Everything fits tightly and is aligned well.", 5.0
"Overall I love the style of the kitchen.  It's not garish like most play kitchens.  Everyone get's a kick out of all the appliances and the working light over the sink.   This is a toy that's full of details that are probably over my kids' heads at this time but will be appreciated more as they get older.", 5.0
"Well worth the money and floor space!  But forget having a quiet moment to read the newspaper.  My kids find that the best time to cook something for me", 5.0
"I have been eyeing this kitchen for two Christmas'.  We knew this year we were definitely going to purchase a kitchen set for our 4 y/o, 2 y/o, and 10 month old.  It was just a matter of finding one that was durable, had fun stuff, and options that were fun for all three kids.  We wanted something that was big enough for two kids to play at, and something that would grow with our family.", 5.0
"This kitchen has definitely met all my expectations.  We purchased this directly from the manufacturer as they were offering free shipping until the end of last year.  I took the advice of other reviewers and made sure to put the stickers on first.  The Step 2 website has a great video demonstration for putting this together. An electric screwdriver is nice, but there are some tricky angles that might require a regular one.  I would definitely expect to spend at least an hour putting it together.  But just think, you only have to put it together once.  I did it alone, but it would have been helpful to have an extra set of hands.", 5.0
"The kids love this kitchen.  Our 10 mo. old isn't old enough to truly understand cooking, but she loves to open and close the cabinets and oven, pull the drawers out, and put things in and out of the sink.  Our 2 y/o has more of an imagination and enjoy actually pretend cooking.  He understands it and loves all the space available.  Our 4 y/o isn't really a "cooker", but he plays with this too.", 5.0
"I like all the storage space this kitchen provides.  The doors on the cabinets aren't all that sturdy, but they get the job done.  They definitely aren't the quality of the countertops or main structure.  There are sounds on the microwave, dishwasher, oven, phone, and stove.  That said, the first three mentioned are basically the same "sound maker", just with different sounds coming out.  The stove is neat, especially with the clear pots.  I'm sure there are many other kitchens out there that have more of a "wow" factor as far as "lights and sounds".", 5.0
"I am definitely pleased with this kitchen, and it was worth the wait.  It does take up some space, but nothing I didn't measure out before we decided to purchase it.", 5.0
"We bought this for our son who will turn 2 this month. He loves to cook and was always in my pans. He now has his own kithchen and loves all the sounds and different compartments. He is a very active boy and loves to climb and try to tear things up. I love step 2 because it is very durable and this kithchen is a great addition to our toys. Plus I love the neutral colors considering this was for a boy!! Highly recommend and was not that difficult to put together. Just do the stickers first and have 14 batteries ready!!", 5.0
"We bought this kitchen set for our daughter for x-mas because we are stationed overseas we went through hell and back to get it at first we ordered it from Sears.com well they cancelled our order 2 days before x-mas I was heart broken cause I had bought all the accessories for the kicthen set and was looking foward to getting it for our daughter but then I looked online at Step2direct they have the kicthen for 199.00 and the are even offering free shipping it will take sometime to get here but I can't wait to see my child's reaction I know she will love it as much as I d", 5.0
"This is a great kitchen!!  Bought it for our 3 year old daughter for Christmas.  Not really any problems putting it together.  Cordless screwdriver makes putting it together much easier. [...", 5.0
"This kitchen is fabulous!! I bought this for my daughters. We used this kitchen as a replacement for the SSC kitchen we had.  I ordered this direct from Step2. It was 199.99 and free shipping. It was delivered very fast since their factory is very close to me.  I have 7, 4 and 2 yr old girls. This was a HUGE hit with my 2 yr old. My 7 yr old is more into her gameboy and my 4 yr old loves the kitchen as well. This was very easy to assemble. The lables were very easy to apply. The acc. that come with this are very high quality.  I am thinking of ordering more acc. from Step2.  Dont waist your time looking at other kitchens.  Spend the extra money and order this one. Step2 has the smaller lifestyle kithcen. It is just a step down from this one, but looks much smaller. I saw it at TRU. Once I saw that one I had made my decision to order the Deluxe kitchen.  The other one didn't have the free ship anyway.  Overall this kitchen is very high quality and the best on the market in my opinion.", 5.0
"I read some of the other reviews about htis item and was nervous about getting it put together. Despite what I read, it was very simple. I did it all by myself and it was ready to play with in just 2 hours (That's counting putting on all of the decals). If you just set up your "work area" before you get started, it's simple. The decals weren't hard to get on with it being set up. I think this is a great toy to have. My daughter is 4 nd a half and she absolutely loves it. I would recomend this toy to everyone with kids. I am very pleased with my purchase and know this toy is well worth the $199 I spent. I ordered it directly from Step 2 and they had it delivered to me on Christmas Eve.....just in the nick of time!!", 5.0
"My kids are used to playing games on a computer so the screen was very disappointing.  It is very poor quality, but perhaps that is why it is so inexpensive.  I wish I had taken the advice of some other viewers and gone to a store to see it in person.  I will be trying to sell mine again", 4.0
"I am expecting to give a 5 star review.  I have not used this product yet.  I just purchased it for my 2 1/2 year old daughter.  She has been telling me that she wants the Easter Bunny to bring her a computer.  Mommy works on a laptop all day and she is so interested in using my keyboard.  I thought this looked like a real laptop and it should interest her as much as mine does.  I have originally thought that this would be too advanced for her (ages 5 and up listed on my box), but after reading a few of the reviews it might just be the right challege that she needs.", 4.0
"Mom in Michiga", 5.0
"I bought this for my grandson's 6th birthday along with the case. He started using it immediately and thinks it is just like Mom's and Grandma's laptops--mouse and all!  But this is kid-sturdy and educational.  He loves it.", 2.0
"I purchased this activity notebook for my granddaughter who has scheduled a thirty minute session each night after dinner.  It was her request, by the way.  I like the fact that it tracks progress and has levels of difficulty that will keep her attention for years to come.  As a bonus, her little brother can use it as well when he is old enough.  I predict its usefulness in their household for at least the next twelve years.  Its the best gift I've ever purchased for a child", 2.0
"I bought this as a gift for my grandson.  He was so excited when he opened it.  And, after we got it going, I was really surprised at how much it did.  We're really pleased with this product.", 2.0
"I just bought a Nitro Notebook for my 5 year old son, and it's been a great success. He has really improved his reading,writing, and number skills in just three weeks. I will certainly buy the next level laptop for him when the time comes.", 4.0
"Father,", 1.0
"Dom.Rep", 4.0
"We bought the game thinking it would be just like the real life game, but with sponge Bob characters.  It is a very simplified version of the game.  It is geared towards young children.  In the game, if you run out of money, you just keep playing, and you are exempt from having to pay any fees, while the people with money, still keep paying...so you are actually better off if you lose your money early in the game.  (that bugs me)", 4.0
"as far as the spinner goes...it snaps on, you have to press hard to get it to click into place, and it works great.  Just a little disappointed, just remember, it's for little kids.  If you love the game of life, get the original one...my older kids want me to buy the original one, they don't care for the sponge bob version.", 5.0
"I don't think the original edition of the Game of Life was meant for grade-school age children.  Re-vamping the board with familiar Sponge Bob, Squidward, Mr. Crabs and Patrick makes it an inviting game!  Visually, the game board looks great. There are slots on the board to insert the Crusty Crab, The Chum Bucket, Sponge Bob's house, etc.  The game is a lot of fun and my kids enjoyed it so much.  I even enjoyed playing it with them.  My only complaint is with the spinner.  It is a great looking two-part spinner but when you spin it you have to hold it down. Otherwise it will come apart and/ or come off the board.", 4.0
"I got this for my almost 5 and 6 yr olds who are big-time Spongebob fans. This game is absolutely adorable and loads of fun for our whole family! The board is an outrageously colorful and fun representation of Bikini Bottom. There are 3-D buildings of Patrick's, Squidward's, & Spongebob's houses, The Krusty Crab, The Chum Bucket, Mrs. Puff's Boating School, The Anchor, & The Shady Shoals Rest Home. The pawns are delightful and substantial 3-D plastic renditions of Spongebob, Patrick, Squidward, & Mr. Krabs that ALWAYS stay standing on their adequate base!! I can't stand those cheapo cardboard pawns with the tiny stands!!! There is no accumulation of children in this game version, but one does decide on whether to attend college or not (and pick a corresponding career), adopt a pet, and chose a home. There are life tiles($100 each)to earn for doing decent things and expenses to pay for unfortunate or typical Bikini Bottom life events. There are also Raffle cards to help earn extra money by game of chance spins. The writing on all of the cards is witty and humorous. I won't spill the beans about the pets, careers, homes, expenses, life cards or raffle cards because they are just so cute and funny!!  My kids think the cards are a riot! The winner is determined once every player has reached Shady Shoals rest home by greatest net worth. The game moves along at just the right pace and my kids had no problem learning the rules. It is a great teacher of reading and money counting ($1,000's & $100's only)as well as decision making and consequences of behavior. Game play really does even out any skill level because much of the game is chance based by the numerical spinner to make your move. I paid full price for this game and I think it is well worth every penny! A++++++, FABULOUS GAME!!!!!!", 4.0
"My daughter loved it for her birthday. It is really cute", 5.0
"[...] My sister and I thought we would be able to Instant message using these across the neighborhood. So we split up, loading the "chips". To our displeasure, we had to walk all the way back, switch "chips" and put them in.", 5.0
"This is not a very good toy. First, you have to annoyingly scroll through each letter. For example, to type in a y, you have to press the select button 25 times and enter it, so messages take AT LEAST 5 minutes.", 5.0
"Then you have to physically HAND these little chips to your friends. It would be 100x easier just to talk to them. There are a ton of little gadgets like these, but this has to be one of the worst.", 5.0
"You are better off just talking or buying another toy of this nature, as nobody wants to walk, switch "chips" and walk away.", 5.0
"My daughter got this as a gift for her 2nd birthday. Not only does she love putting the puzzles together - and double the fun being two-sided - her 4 yr old sister also enjoys it. It is useful to teach more complex concepts to our 4 yr old, such as 2 triangles make a square, 4 triangles make a rectangle. Both girls really enjoy this toy, as with all Melissa and Doug toys, it is very well made and will withstand abuse. Just wish it was easier to fit the plastic cover on, we can't seem to fit the shapes neatly to close easily, especially in a hurry. A minute inconvenience. A great toy", 5.0
"We loved this set. It is great for very young kids and they like it. However, the time between learning the principle and getting bored because it became too easy, was very short.", 5.0
"About 2 months ago we bought Snappers by Toysie - a pattern block puzzle. My children (with 3 years apart!) both  still play with it.", 4.0
"It seems like my youngest child will be using it for the next 3 years. That is the lifespan for a toy", 4.0
"We bought this for our son as a Christmas present. As he was not quite two yet, I thought he might not totally get the concept and that this would be a toy I could put up for later.  Boy was I wrong.  He loves this puzzle set.  I find he plays with it longer and gets less frustrated if I first let him pick out which picture he wants to "build" and then take the necessary shapes out and place them next to him.  He is very proud of himself once he gets the pieces in then he'll give himself a big round of applause(which mommy and daddy do also).  Great self-esteem builder and fun way to teach shapes", 4.0
"Our two children (12 months and 23 months) just love this set.  The boards and pieces are very sturdy.  We like that the boards are two sided.  Good variety and amount of shapes.  This is a classic toy that will last for years- we see it as one that we will keep even after our children have grown out of it- great to keep around for visiting kids", 4.0
"This item is a must have!  My two year old chooses it over just about anything else.  I always seek out Melissa and Doug toys because of their quality and educational value and this one is one of mine and my daughter's favorites", 5.0
"This is a brightly-colored, sturdy pattern block set. I would give this set to a child between 20 months and 3 years. My 22-month old just loves it. As soon as he saw it (hidden away, intended as a Christmas gift) he kept at me to open it. I finally gave in, and I am so glad that I did. He is at the perfect developmental level for this toy! He tries to match up the shapes and colors, and is even starting to name the shapes on his own. This is such an exciting age!", 4.0
"I like how the solid wooden boards are double-sided and VERY sturdy. There are more than enough pieces to go around- even if a few are lost over the years. A few of the pictures arrived with some scratching, but I think this is more annoying for me than it is for my child.", 5.0
"Don't forget that these patterning blocks can also be used independantly of the boards. This enables your child to come up with more challenging creations as she or he developes greater skill in this area", 5.0
"My son is 21m and he absolutely loves this puzzle.  Whenever he catches me putting it away, he immediately takes it apart and plays with it again.", 5.0
"It's not challenging enough for my 3yo.  She'll play with it for a few minutes and gets bored, but my son loves putting the shapes in over and over.  A great toy for rainy days", 5.0
"My soon to be 2 year old son is obsessed with shapes and had outgrown the basic shape puzzle (the large knob puzzle by melissa and doug) and I was looking for a puzzle that went beyond that but was not too difficult. I was thrilled to find this! It looks and feels great too. My son really enjoys it and I think it is conceptually very well put together. Not only are the puzzles well within his reach but he also enjoys free play with the shapes. He recently discovered that 2 triangles can make a square and two rectangles can make a square too :) That was only possible because the shapes are thoughtfully proportioned as such. I do agree with the other viewer who said that this puzzle is not for a 5 year old. My son is not yet 2 and he can do them. If it wasn't for the sharp edges of the shapes I would say its for 18+ months - 3 years", 5.0
"Back in January of 2006, I purchased the "Rock-N-Fold" Chair for my son. He absolutely loves it! Not only does he play his video games in it, he also does his homework in it as well! This product is the best ever", 5.0
"My sons love the rock & fold chair. They use it when their friends come over and they play games for a long time. They watch TV and rock and love the chair. I love the fact that is folds and i can just store it in the closet and have room to play. Thank you this product is a great space saver and great for kids", 4.0
"it really is a fun toy that helps you stay fit and will make you laugh", 2.0
"Great concept, but bad design. Both of my children have had one for a year. Due to the discomfort, they never use it! It needs to recline back further and the plastic is slippery making it hard to sit without slipping around", 5.0
"This was a great buy from Amazons sale rack at five dollars and 29 cents plus free shipping.  My [...] just loves puzzles and we are certainly fond of Melissa and Doug products.  We normally purchase them from Tuesday Morning or our local hobby store because they are usually cheaper.", 5.0
"This puzzle has made my toddler happy.  He fits it together then dumps it, repeating the process several times a day.  The drawing is realistic and there are no pegs, so it gives a little more grown up feel to the piece.", 5.0
"This is a wonderful wood puzzle for the toddler who finds the baby wood puzzles too easy but who doesn't quite have the dexterity (or patience) to fit together classic puzzle shaped pieces.  Because it is all wood, it can stand up to the wear and tear of a toddler. My son (20 months) found this hard at first, but was thrilled to have the challenge and would not stop working on it for days until he could do it easily.  The picture is underneath the pieces. The is one of my son's very favorite toys of all time! He also loves the school bus one that is similar by the same company", 2.0
"A definite must for the firetruck lover in your family.  This keeps my toddler busy for quite awhile and he even talks to it!  Very, very cute and durable too - it takes quite a slamming and hasn't even chipped", 4.0
"This puzzle is my son's favorite. A great gift for a boy who enjoys puzzles and fire trucks", 2.0
"This puzzle is great, and I'm glad I bought it for my 2 year old, Claire. However, like most toddlers, she prefers things that are HER size. I find that the hands in this puzzle are slim adult sized hands, like my own. Maybe the makers felt "Mommy" sized hands were the way to go, or simply that they wanted to fill the space in a standard sized wooden puzzle. I think it would have been nice to make the hands toddler sized, with chubby palms and fingers. That said, it's a great tool. We don't use it much for counting, though that is it's intent. This is more of a prop for the song fest of "Where is Thumbkin" and an even more exciting prop for the game of "Dr. Claire" wherein she repairs the "owie hand".", 5.0
"All in all, a fine addition to your wooden puzzle collection", 5.0
"I thought that this would be toy my daughter would grow into and not be excited about at first.  This was the first toy she opened at Christmas at only 19 months and was not interested in any others for the rest of the week!  She enjoyed collecting the fingers and and "counting" them.  She also has grown in the last few months to putting the puzzle together herself although the fingers might not make it on the correct hand just yet. Very durable, love that it is a traditional wood toy that doesn't have flashing lights or needs batteries! She still loves it months later.  The only downside to any toy like this, is we have to collect the pieces after she has put them in various places around the house.", 4.0
"Our little girl absolutely loves puzzles, and this one presented a real challenge. The pieces are somewhat irregular, left from right, which allows for growth in her problem-solving abilities. I bought this when she was 22 months, and she has been able to master it quickly. Not only do the pegged pieces help define fine motor skills, but the numbers, colors, and left/right make this a multi-dimensional learning tool. She's 24 months now, and has most colors down as well as learning to count. The colors were really helpful, because being the neurotic parent, I was beginning to wonder if she had some colorblindness because she wasn't recognizing colors at first. But silly me, I forgot she was a toddler. So much for my fears of why she isn't solving quadratic equations.", 4.0
"My kids love this puzzle.  It's in my pediatrician's office, and they run to it every time.  My son, now 4, has been interested in it since he was 2, and my 2 year old is now fascinated by it as well.", 4.0
"Little hands do well with the two hands on this puzzle.  The bright, colorful art and images have thrilled my children. It is well made and sturdy.  My children think of this as a "big kids" puzzle since it isn't farm or baby animals. It makes them proud when they put it together", 5.0
"Definitely a must buy!!!!  My two year old learned her right hand from her left hand by using this puzzle.  Not only does she understand the concept of counting from 1 to 10, but she also understands that each finger on each hand is different from the other.  This puzzle teaches spacial concepts, counting, colors, and coordination.  I wish there were more puzzles like this one. If anyone knows of any, please contact me through Amazon.", 4.0
"chrische", 5.0
"My little boy loves puzzles, and this is probably his favorite one. And I like that it's so sturdy and will be able to be passed down to his sister", 4.0
"My little girl received this puzzle along with two other ones on her second birthday. I thought it would be a little too advanced for her but it turned out to be her favorite one!  She showed me that with persistence little hands can achieve great things.  She is two and half now and she still loves this puzzle, whether it is to count the objects on each finger or to learn the names of the fingers it keeps her busy each time she picks it up.", 4.0
"This puzzle has been through two kids in my house and it's still in great shape. The cardboard is thick and durable. The picture is friendly and interesting. It's been a favorite with my kids.", 5.0
"However, if you are buying this puzzle for a two-year old or younger, this puzzle can be very cumbersome to solve simply because the pieces are gigantic. As a small child solves the puzzle, he must basically crawl over it to reach the other parts and that causes the pieces to come apart. The floor puzzles like this one have caused some aggravation with my kids simply because they can't avoid getting on the puzzle to reach sections and that undoes their work. We have found smaller sized pieces to be easier to solve, as long as the fine motor skills allow. Just something to keep in mind..", 4.0
"Both of my boys love Thomas.  I really scored when I found this Thomas puzzle.  The puzzles is built to take the abuse of a 2 & 4 yr.  The box that it comes in, is a bit of pain to get all the tabs undone to get to the puzzle.  Cute box, but a pain.", 5.0
"M.G", 4.0
"My 3 year old likes this puzzle (she loves the Thomas character) and really enjoys doing this one.  The color is bright and the picture is interesting.  This one is a great starter for kids learning how to work with puzzles.  I gave 4 out of 5 only because this one isnt as challenging as some other 24 piece puzzles... though that doesnt seem to deter my youngster, who puts it together daily", 5.0
"My 2 1/2 yo received this puzzle for Christmas. He is a big Thomas fan, so the subject matter was perfect. The pieces are quite large - I'd estimate 4 inches by 4 inches, and are well-made. The graphics are colorful and accurate - the puzzle depicts Thomas, Percy, James, Cranky & Harold.  My son asks to put the puzzle together over and over. He can now do most of it by himself just by putting together one engine at a time. The fact that the pieces fit together easily and are large make it less frutrating for him. I'd highly recommend this puzzle for any Thomas fan", 5.0
"This is such a cute puzzle and your Thomas the Train fan will love it.", 4.0
"It comes in a Thomas the Train-shaped box and the pieces are large enough for a toddler to grab and fit together.", 2.0
"My son is 2 1/2 and he loves this puzzle and can put most of it together by himself.", 5.0
"I highly recommend it", 5.0
"My 3 years old son like's it but put's it together in no time. Not so hard", 4.0
"our son loves the puzzle, the only negative thing that we would like to add, is that when we opened the box, on of the pieces had a piece of glue stuck to it, and unfortunately separating the pieces torn the puzzle piece, which my son notices.", 4.0
"he does not like to see (something broken - as he says), apart from that the puzzle has had a lot of use.", 5.0
"This puzzle is a lot of fun and my son loves it. The container is a toy for itself", 5.0
"My 28 month old son got this puzzle for Christmas and loves it.  He put it together the first time out of the box himself. It is the first thing he does every morning and then several times a day.  My almost 5 year old likes it too. It is not as sturdy as the Melissa & Doug floor puzzles, but it still really sturdy.", 5.0
"A lot of people look at this figure and say 'he has no wings!'.While this is true,I still recommend this toy,an excellant hair sculpt and goku's famous 'I have no idea what's going on, but be happy anyway!'look.The wings  are actually  really cool,although the halo has a job staying on.0verall this is a great toy and a definate purchase for any dbz fan or toy collector", 5.0
"My Grandson has truly enjoyed the Easyscore Basketball Set from the first day he tried it.  Wonderful to have the adjustment for heightening as he grows.", 5.0
"My son is three yrs old and about 42 inches, we keep it on the next to last highest setting and it is enjoyable for him We will probably need to put it on the highest setting soon and probably need a bigger one next summer. He has alot of fun with it and although it is not very tall or does not have the ability to go as tall as some other models, he still has fun trying to aim and shoot for the hoop so we will use it to practice these skills before buying another. You definitely need to fill the base with sand before using( do not use water as substitue) as it will tip over repeatedly without sand as per the directions. Overall just like any basketball set this one provides great outdoor/indoor fun as well as exercise and is durable compared to others in its price point. We have not had problems with the height adjustment bar or with any parts falling off and my son is rough with this toy and b/c I did not fill with sand right away it has fallen numerous time and seems to be wearing well. So I think it is a great deal for the price", 5.0
"This basketball goal is great, its a great height for little ones and provides hours of fun! The best thing is, its a classic toy that requires no batteries, and several kids can play at the same time", 5.0
"My husband and I bought this for our son for his second birthday and he LOVES it.  We set it up as soon as he unwrapped it and he played with it for an hour straight, stopping only because it was bed time.  He even passed up cake so he could continue playing.  The ball is the perfect size and the height adjustment will be very useful as his skills improve.  He can easily play by himself, as most shots that go through the hoop are returned to him.", 1.0
"Warning:  temper tantrum might ensue when it is time to stop playing", 5.0
"I got this for my son when he was about 18 months.  He is now ten and we still have it indoors.   It has provided all three of my boys and their friends with entertainment.  Simple and durable.  I'm getting one for my nephew who's 2", 5.0
"I bought this Basketball hoop for my son who was two and LOVED to shoot hoops.  Great height for a small kid, but difficult to adjust, latch always got stuck. Also, after a few months, the latch broke right off.  Now I have a hoop that is too low for the basketball to be any fun for my son.  Now it is just a $30 peice of trash", 5.0
"I bought this hoop for my 14mth. old and he loves it!!  He made a shot the first try and this hoop has kept him busy for a long time.  I keep it in our basement for indoor play and it's sturdy and durable!  I can't honestly say who enjoys playing "hoops" (as we call it at our house) more, him or me", 5.0
"i got this toy for my nephew and i know he will get alot of good years out of it.", 5.0
"I bought this for my 3 year old daughter because I want her introduced to all sports; whether she chooses to go with a specific one years from now it all up to her, but I am doing my part. I cannot speak highly enough about this basketball set. It's GREAT! Even adults can join in with kids in playing with this! I have read more than one review saying that the rim/hoop keeps falling out... my suggestion is MAKE SURE IT'S IN ALL THE WAY! You will hear a click letting you know it's securely in, not to mention you can tell by looking at the back of it. It should be flush against the backboard. I hope that those few reviews won't hinder another parent's choice in purchasing this wonderful and family friendly toy! I give it 5 stars all the way", 4.0
"This is a VERY! cute set and all the littlest pet shop playsets are hot right now. But Toys r us has this EXACT same item for only $29.99 right now. If you want to buy this toy AND SAVE SOME MONEY, BUY THIS SET FROM TOYS R US. JUST SOME FRIENDLY ADVICE. And happy shopping everyone!!!", 5.0
"I just did another review on the Diego treehouse set as my twins decided to purchase this and the Deigo set. I will first say we purchased this for much less at a well known local store (not sure if I can say where). It is well made and my girls played with it for hours. They have decided to ask Santa for other pieces to go with this set. I have a whole basket full of Littlest Pet Shop items for them also through Amazon where I found these items to be comparable in price. You will not be disappointed in this purchase", 5.0
"I never could have imagined that LITTLEST PET SHOP would release another fabulous toy set after the LITTLE LOVIN' PET PLAYHOUSE - which I adore - but they have achieved absolute greatness with the release of the WHIRL AROUND PLAYGROUND.", 5.0
"In this set - which requires a minimal amount of assembly - your pets are able to take a ride on the treetop swing set, ride down the slide, spin on the merry-go-round, relax in the comfortable hammock, eat at the cozy cafe, compete in an obstacle course, ride the elevator, sit in the sandbox, and get a view of the world from the observation deck.", 2.0
"It is amazing how well each feature in this playset works, and how much fun it is to play with the set. Most animals fit in every area, and more than twenty pets can occupy the WHIRL AROUND PLAYGROUND at a time. This set includes a cute gray mouse, a prissy puppy - who comes with a pair of sunglasses that actually stay on - a food/water combo dish, a bed, and a slide, to make the most of your pets stay at the WHIRL AROUND PLAYGROUND.", 2.0
"The best thing this playset offers, however, is the fact that no batteries are required. Things move by the touch of your hand, or by turning something clockwise. A must-have addition to your LITTLEST PET SHOP collection. Hours of fun, and no batteries needed!", 5.0
"Erika Sorocco", 4.0
"Freelance Reviewer", 4.0
"Book Review Columnist for The Community Bugle Newspape", 5.0
"My daughter seems to really enjoy it and all the neighborhood girls that come over seem fascinated with it. no problems so far with materials or qualit", 5.0
"It is quicker to play than the boardgame and much", 5.0
"more compact.....so easy to bring on trips, etc.", 5.0
"I have trouble believing this is for small children. I tried to play this at a party with some friends. All of us who tried to play are in our 20s and 30s, and we couldn't figure out how the game was supposed to work. The DVD never makes it clear whose turn it is or what's really happening, and there are too many things added to the game from the original.", 5.0
"I've played the regular, classic version of Clue many times and enjoy it, but this new version is frustrating, complicated, and not fun at all. I can't imagine that children would actually have fun with this when four adults couldn't even figure out what was going on", 5.0
"Very interesting spoof of the original game.  I found the first one boring after a few plays, but this one still interests my kids and I after 10+ plays.  It's a bit convoluted to put it together initially, but well worth it", 4.0
"After I saw the advertisement for Clue DVD I immediately went out to buy it. I've always been a fan of Clue and this updated version provides players with some new twists and excellent graphics.  While you are playing the game, the Butler and an Inspector often appear to provide you with Clues about the case. Another addition to the game is added locations and having to figure the time of the crime.  Any Clue fan will appreciate this version", 5.0
"Excellent product! I really appreciate the option to choose any of the 50 given mystery cases to solve. After playing all 50, you can just start all over again! Fun, fun, fun game! THANKS", 5.0
"This was a little difficult to figure out in the beginning - Actually had to read the instructions - but it was very fun and very disney.  Fam loves it", 5.0
"My son received this game for Christmas and it is by far his favorite game.  He enjoys pretending to be a detective and the game is easy enough for him to play and understand.  I just have to figure out how to get more of the scoring sheets", 5.0
"I purchased the creamy crayons for the grandkids, they really enjoyed drawing and coloring with them. Their mothers had tons of fun with them also. Something different from the markers and same old crayons. Maybe I'll get some for myself yet!", 5.0
"If you are interested in this kitchen because you would like to expose your children to new languages, I would keep looking. My goal was to expose my daughter to French, but the quality of the voice is so poor that I can barely understand what is being said in English! The quality of the construction is fine but, frankly, you're paying for the added bonus of the languages and it simply isn't worth it. I would recommend looking for a regular kitchen, whose design you like, and finding another way to introduce language", 5.0
"I bought this for my 2 yr old daughter.  I was so surprised at the quality for Little tykes.  It has no storage and the refridgerator door would not stay closed.  I think it should cost half of what it does.  I purchased the Step Two kitchen when my daughter was three, and it is way better by far", 5.0
"This kitchen is reasonably priced with lots of kitchen accessories. My 2 1/2 year old daughter has fun playing with it when she's in the mood to play kitchen. It has most of the "kitchen" things you'd think of: sink, dishes, pots, pans, oven, mixer, etc. The food has RFID chips built in so when you put them in the pan/pot on the stove, it speaks and says things like, "mmm, eggs... and... bacon, you're a great cook! (frying sound)". This mostly amazes adults.", 5.0
"The biggest gripes are the oven is unnecessarily small (like they were trying the RFID in the oven as well and it didn't work) and the refrigerator door has HORRIBLE fit and won't close.", 5.0
"Overall, for the price this kitchen satisfied and has lots of accessories. If you can live with the bad fit and finish, this is one of the more bargain kitchen toys available", 4.0
"My daughter got his for her second birthday and loves it.  The toy is very durable and so much fun.  The voices are also entertaining and educational.  Our oven door also works very well.  My daughter is kind of rough and this toy lasts throughout the torment, so that's very good.  I didn't like that the voice can be kind of hard to hear and the oven is so small, but my daughter enjoys it regardless and that's all that matters", 5.0
"we bought this kitchen set for our daughter for christmas. thinking since it was little tike it would be the best buy and would stand up for a young child. i have bought little tike before. but I'm not sure I will again. the refrigerator door doesn't even come close to fitting. the oven door is warped one side doesn't close. it repeats the same phrases over and over. the tape from shipping left ink on the doors. we were very disappointed with the whole kitchen set", 5.0
"I bought this cook set for my 2 yr old little boy for Christmas, he was so excited. He couldn't wait for it to be put together so we sat down and went to work and didn't get very far. There was no stickers or screws at all. Talk about a very disappointed little boy on Christmas morning. As you can imagine I was too. So we never got to see how any of it worked. I would not recommened anyone to buy this toy.", 5.0
"I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter for Christmas, and she loves it.  The product I feel is designed well, and is small enough to fit in her room. A previous review stated they had difficulty building it, but if you follow the directions (step one shows to leave the screws loose), it goes together easily. My husband and I were able to put this together in less than 1/2 hour including trying to stop our daughter from playing with it while it was under construction. Another reviewer had voiced disappointment over the door to the fridge not closing completely. Ours doesn't close all the way, but it stays closed. No Little Tikes toy I have ever purchases has latches to close the doors. The sound level is great in the high position, and she enjoys the comments it makes. I haven't had any trouble with understanding what the voice is saying as others have commented. We're planning on buying some of the additional food sets for more play. Overall I think this was a great buy, and I feel it will be keeping my daughter (and I!) busy for many many hours ahead", 4.0
"I purchased this for my 2 boys, 5 and 3, in February. Got it on clearance at Walmart for $19, but would not have wanted to spend much more on it. I debated whether to get this or another kitchen that made cooking sounds but didn't speak in 3 languages, and since we're trying to raise our children bilingual (at least!) we thought having a talking kitchen would be preferable. Unfortunately, the voices are hard to understand - not that they're soft, but there seems to be a lot of mumbling and static, so if you don't know exactly what the voice is saying already, you wouldn't be able to learn that, for example, the spanish word for bacon is "tocino" - it sounds more like "poseena".", 5.0
"Beyond that, however, both boys have enjoyed it. It's a little small for the 5-yr old now but they both still play with it. They occasionally get frustrated that only the cookie sheet will fit into the oven (you can't put in a pot or nearly any other cooking vessel from our other playsets). The reason for this is obvious- the sensor for the talking feature is at the top of the oven, thus in order to be close enough to the food for the sensor to respond to whatever is there, the floor of the oven had to be raised rather high.", 5.0
"If I had to do it again, I would probably look for a kitchen set that only had cooking sounds and not the talking feature, as it's just not used that often in this house.", 2.0
"I'm very happy with this purchase for my developing artist who is 2 1/2 yrs old. Living in the caribbean, the sleeves are a bit long but it's exactly what you need for experimenting artists...so I just crank up the air conditioner to not let my artist sweat too much", 5.0
"I couldn't think up a better way to protect kids clothes than with this apron! The long sleeves are a great feature. It also seems to fit a wide range of toddlers and young children. I love the little pockets for supplies and whatnot. Also, it wipes clean quite easily! This apron is a winner in my book", 5.0
"Inexpensive and much better protection than dad's old shirt.  Heavy clear/printed vinyl.  Concerns about fit listed in ratings did not hold true.  Purchased for use in pre-k class and apron has lots of growing room & could be likely be used for several more years.  Nice velcro closures make apron easy for child and teacher.", 5.0
"So many art smocks are too little for elementary students, but these were big enough to both fit and cover school uniforms!  Hooray for no more paint on white shirts", 5.0
"Very nicely done.  Brought it for my grand-daughter who is 5yrs old and it is sturdy and has room to gro", 5.0
"Harder to get into than I first thought.  The kids are anxious to get to "work" and fidget getting into this, the arms are a bit too tight.  It seems bulky as well.  Better off going old school - daddy's old shirt on backwards", 2.0
"This is a fun family game.  It is educational and a good way for kids to learn the value of a dollar.  It does, however, have a million pieces that you could easily lose - which is a nightmare for mom and dad!  However, this remains one of my kids favorite games even for my 12 year old", 1.0
"Growing up, my family always loved playing games, so now that I am starting a family of my own, I've been collecting old favorites for my own "game library." The Game of Life was one of the first games I purchased, but I could not have been more disappointed in the quality of the "new and improved" game.", 1.0
"The game I grew up with had the buildings, bridges, houses, etc. permanently embedded into the game board. With the new game, these 3D decorations come off and and have to be placed on the board each time you play. This is my main complaint with the new game. Every time you accidently knock the board or brush one of the buildings with your sleeve, they fall off. Add to this the age-old problems of people not staying in the cars and the spinner not working properly (it's worse in the new game, by the way) and The Game of Life becomes a game of frustration.", 5.0
"After one game with the new game board, our family decided we would not play the game again. I am now looking on auction sites trying to find one of the "old fashioned" game boards. They really took a step backwards with this one", 4.0
"I bought this for my 8 & 11 year old girls as an extre inexpensive Christmas gift, and I was pleasently surprised how much they enjoy it", 5.0
"I bought this for my son who is 2 1/2.  He loves it.  He had to show "peepaw", his grandfather who has a real one.  Anytime he's outside he gets it out to ride on.  He has several other "ride-on" toys and prefers this one over most of them.  He has the Little Tikes Police Car Coupe, and Step 2 Tricycle, the Zip N' zoom car, a radio flyer tricycle and a fisher price quad.  The only thing I found is if he leans too much to one side it will tip over.  It's pretty sturdy otherwise.  Put a little helmet on for safety (just like the adults do on our motorcycycles) and you little one will be just fine", 4.0
"I bought this for my 2yr old grandson for his birthday so he could have a motorcycle like his Grandma.  He LOVED it!  The wheels are wide enough to keep it from tipping and it's light enough and just the right size to throw in the car to take along.  He has to make his own "motor noise", but that's a plus in my book.  No batteries to replace or noises to annoy!  Also his very tall 3 1/2 year old brother can ride it comfortably, so I look for it to last a long time", 4.0
"Step 2 is a fantastic brand, slowly climbing up the ladder alongside Fisher Price, Little Tikes etc.", 2.0
"My kid loves motorcycle's, so what better toy to buy than his own ride-on motorcycle!", 5.0
"This toy is extremely durable. It might take kids a while to get used to balancing the bike, so that it doesn't topple over - but scrapes and bruises are part of growing up!", 5.0
"The bike is a little taller than I thought it would be, which meant that my child was on tiptoes for the first couple of months - but its a strong, cheap and exciting toy for any kid", 5.0
"We actually got this motorcylce from a neighbor who didn't want it anymore. My daughter was very excited and so was I until she tried to ride it on the sidewalk. It fell right over and she scraped her arm. She's tried several times, but the balance is so off that she can't just sit and go. I'm glad I didn't pay for it", 5.0
"Most ride on toys are very wide, which make the pushing a little hard.  This toy is thin; therefore, my 2 yr old son loves it more than any other push toy.  This is so so cute, I wish there was more stickers, but who cares, it is worth the buy!  I hated paying for the 8-9 dollar shipping, but motorcycles this cute are hard to find...  This is light and easy to throw in the truck to take along", 5.0
"My son got this for his second birthday and it is his absolute favorite toy ever! Next week is his THIRD birthday and he still plays with it every single day.  He rides it in the house, outside down our sloped driveway and even takes it to the park.  We actually had to make trails for him in the woods so he could go off-road with it!  This toy definitely gets 5 stars in my book!  It does sit a little high, but that makes it PERFECT for someone his age", 1.0
"This product was nothing like how I expected it to be. The quality is terrible, do not waste your money on this item", 5.0
"The iDog is very cute, but he takes a long time to get going and sucks batteries down in record time.  Too bad, because he's a nice way to play your music.", 4.0
"I love this little dog!  I named him Max and he's just the cutest little critter and fun to watch listen to my music", 4.0
"I just got my pink idog today and think it is just the cutest thing. Although I am just learning how to use it,so far I am just so interested in watching it's movements and colors. The problems that I have encountered are that it is quite difficult to "turn" the pup off and that the "on" button (nose) is much too sensitive. All you have to do is very lightly tap the nose and the pup makes noises. In addition, I have found that the batteries are a pain to insert as you need a screwdriver. I wish like my ipod, there was a "hold" button to avoid accidently activating the toy and "wasting" expensive batteries. I might make the investment and buy re-chargable ones to avoid the cost. Anyway, I look forwars to using it on desk at work", 5.0
"I've been trying to get some sort of way to listen to my I-Pod without the earbuds.  I was not going to spend $100 bucks on another boom box just for I-Pods.  So it caught my attention while I was in Herbergers and noticed I could listen to music through the dog.  It was cute so I grabbed it.  You have to put two AA batteries in the dog's leg.  Then you just plug in your I-Pod and instant music.  The sound isn't as good as with a stereo system which makes this good for me since I live in a condo and do not want to make a lot of noise.  The dog is cute and its head turns and its ears go up and down to the beat of the music. There are also lights that go on and off to the beat of the music too.  It also cries and barks.  That kinda gets annoying after awhile. It demands attention.  And if you pull its tail it growls.  You control the songs and volume through your I-Pod.  This is a cute cheap way to listen to your I-Pod without spending a lot of money or a lot of hassle.", 4.0
"I am so disappointed.  I remember doing this as a child with far superior results.  Why do they have to make toys so cheaply now.  I would gladly pay more for a toy that actually does what it says.  It does not spin fast enough to evenly distribute paint.  My daughter has not seemed to mind yet and is enjoying the toy but knowing how it should operate I am very disappointed.", 5.0
"This comes with barely enough paint for 2 uses and then no info is given on how to get refills and the store doesn't sell any and they don't even tell you what kind of paint to get.  A real pain.", 5.0
"The box said it came with 10 refillable paint containers, but ours only had 9 bottles, and one of those was empty.  No matter, really, it's just a small amount of paint to start with, but why not give people what you tell them you will?  The color selection is all right, but not super - you don't get ROYGBIV or anything.  It may vary, of course, but we had a lot of light green.  Some of them have glitter, which is extra cool and does a good job of making the whole picture sparkle if you add it last.  It also comes with a small assortment (40 pieces) of paper -- in both large and small sizes -- of which you are encouraged to reserve the last one as a template to trace and make new ones.  Poster board seems to be about the same thickness as the original paper.", 4.0
"The smaller "bonus" machine will go fast if you pump the button down repeatedly.  By doing this, it actually can go faster than the battery operated one and the paint distributes and spatters very well.", 4.0
"The instruction manual, if you can call it that, is pretty limited.  It shows in about 3 pictures how to put everything together and operate it.  No tips or hints on how to make neat designs.  It's the least detailed set of instructions I have seen with an art toy.", 5.0
"It comes apart for easy rinsing/wiping.  I've always done this immediately after the paint session, and the units are still as clean as they were the first time out of the box.", 4.0
"My kids love it.  They want to spin pictures every day", 5.0
"The shuttle bay door will fall off in no time.  The booster rockets will be next.  The ability to stand it up on the launch pad will last a few days at best.  And the robot arm is cheap garbage.  This is my experience with a 4 year old boy, but it applies to all ages", 5.0
"My son is very into space and rockets right now (he's 3) so I thought that he would like this toy.  That is an understatement!  He LOVES this toy.  Every piece is well made and has supplied him with hours of imaginative and inventive play", 5.0
"This looks like such a great toy, and the packaging is really impressive, but don't be fooled like we were. I assumed that by paying close to 25 dollars it would be somewhat durable-just reasonable durability-I don't expect much from plastic toys...but this is really really bad. You might also think that paying that much would give you things like closable doors...you know, 99 cent matchbox cars' doors stay closed, but the space shuttle's doors don't-which limit it's "fun" factor. The "movable arm" is just a free floating plastic stick that simply is stuck into a hole..It doesn't even stay in. The "launch pad" and the fuel tank/boosters are down right horrible. They don't connect to the shuttle, which was disapointed all of us, especially my son. And it is so cheaply made, I really can't believe that it wasn't bought from the dollar store. My son was so excited for this set. But after playing with it for just a few minutes he hasn't gotten it out again. I would definately NOT recommend this", 5.0
"The description lies, there are no minifigures, Elite or otherwise, included. Unless you have money to spend for additional sets to get this vehicle a pilot, I wouldn't suggest it as anything other then a display peice. It's shiny though, and as far as I can tell mostly accurate to the game, if not to scale with the other things (This is a problem with all the minifigures...I suggest the 1/6 scale ones instead.", 5.0
"My son had a great time playing with this toy. I liked the durability ( it made it through Christmas )", 1.0
"I've got this thing for my twins for NE=ew Year, and they've been enjoying it for one day so far. We have two sets, and it's much more fun than just one - going one shooter against two robots is indeed a deathwish.", 5.0
"I don't know how durable it will prove - the robots suffered some tumbles without ill effects, but it's only been one day. One drawback I found is the toy's inability to go shooter on shooter - for some reasons pistols, when set on team A and team B, refuse to shoot one another. But it's a fun toy nevertheless.", 5.0
"The only educational value I can discern in this set is a little bit of understanding of just how stupid the computers are, and may be the realization that the light "bullet" gets reflected off white surfaces, so the robot canshoot you even when its back is turned toward you. Otherwise, not eductaional at all. Thankfully :)", 5.0
"Our daughter is the youngest and has 2 older brothers.  Finally she is playing with a "girl toy".  She loves to put all the stuff in, makes calls, and use her "credit card".  She is only 2, but enjoys the purse very much and the boys aren't allowed to touch it", 5.0
"This is my second purchase, the first was a christmas gift for my 2 yr old niece who lives in the UK.  She absolutely adores it, and of the virtual "Toys R Us" environment she lives in, this is one of her favorite toys.  It's so popular that this second purchase is a birthday gift for one of her playmates", 5.0
"This is a great purse for my 15 month old girl who loves playing with my wallet and lipstick while riding in the shopping cart.  All the pieces are the right size for her little hands and she loves walking around with the cellphone and keys and "putting on" the lipstick.  Some of the pieces were lost easily as most of her things get misplaced but overall I'm very happy with this!  Oh, and my daughter loves it,too", 5.0
"I gave this purse to my niece for her second birthday, and she never put it down.  The keys and the cell phone were her favorite.  She put it on her arm, and was ready to go!  I would recommend this to anyone who has a gift to give a little girl.", 4.0
"They feel just like Mommy", 4.0
"My daughter got this purse for her second birthday, she loves the lipstick and the keys. great toy great pric", 5.0
"This purse is very sturdy and works well for a girl age 2-3, if you don't mind the overtly girly aspect of it (e.g., lipstick and compact). My daughter drags it around outside and in, and it holds up well", 4.0
"Our 19 month old enjoys playing with this purse. She enjoys the purse itself, the cell phone, and the lipstick the most. The mirror, keys, wallet, and credit card aren't played with much. The only complaint I have is that she is unable to open the wallet on her own. Trying to open the wallet frustrates her to no end--it's hard for a young toddler to have the dexterity to open such a thing", 4.0
"Our almost 2-year old daughter got this for Christmas, and she still plays with it several months later.  Highly recommend.", 5.0
"The only thing missing is some dress-up shoes to go along with it :-", 4.0
"I bought this helmet hoping that it would be big enough to fit an adult.  I was pleasantly surprised when it was big enough to wear comfortably!  While there is no headband or suspension, the inside is padded with foam, and the whole thing is light enough that it was very comfortable.", 5.0
"Any helmet can get stuffy to wear, but the front visor opens up so much that it is very easy to breath, and you could wear this for hours.  The electronics are an inside speaker that repeats the same sequence, and the microphone doesn't work, but the overall look is so good that it doesn't matter.", 5.0
"I plan on putting together an astronaut suit for this, and it would be a perfect outfit for Halloween parties", 4.0
"The entire play tent idea is a great idea. However, it does need a little more attention to the velcro snaps to attach the tunnels and tents together into one unit. It isn't durable enough for the price. I had it out for a day, and my daughter didn't last in it. She prefers the schoolbus instead. I can see this toy breaking down with tears very quickly because it is a little fragile", 4.0
"My twin boys (16 months) love this toy.  I would suggest getting at least 100 extra balls.  (I have 250 in our ball pit and it really looks fun)) The connections aren't the best, but they work better than other company models that don't have velcro straps.  Our kids play in this on and off most of the day.  On a cautionary note, this is a fairly large system of tunnels and tents so make sure that you have plenty of room.  Of course, you can use the pieces separately to make several smaller play spaces instead of one large area.  Overall, I am glad I purchased this and that I didn't wait until the recommended 3 year old age range.", 1.0
"I purchased this product for my 1-yr old daughter's birthday because she loves to crawl under and through anything.  She loves this, too.  My 3 sons (3, 7, 12) love it, too, even though the 7 and 12 are a little too big. Set up was very easy, although I have not tried to take it down.  It is a little flimsy at the connection points, but not enough that I wouldn't recommend it.  I would get more pieces to connect if I had a larger space", 4.0
"My kids 4 and 6 both love this, I bought it for my 4 year olds birthday.  I really liked the fact that it folded flat and was easy to store, however, my husband and I have yet to figure that out!", 2.0
"We got this for our son about a month ago.  He's almost 14 months now, younger than the recommended age of 3 years, but he is never unsupervised when using the playhut.  Our son loves to play hide and seek (hiding from us, of course :))inside the playhut, or just going in and retrieving the balls we toss in there for him.  He doesn't exactly know what to do with the basketball hoop yet, but I'm sure that will come.", 4.0
"He has lost his balance while in the playhut and knocked it down, but it pops right back up.  And, since we have it up against a wall, it is more stable anyway.", 5.0
"Enjoy", 4.0
"What a bunch of junk!  Upon opening the Megaland, I noticed it was ripped at the seam in one area.  This was a pretty large rip I might add.  After inspecting it more I noticed about a dozen more places where it was ripped.  I noticed another parent said the same thing.  Now I know why it's half off! Don't waste your money.", 4.0
"A little scary. I'm sure it's a fluke,but the one I bought the inside of one tent had an inseam not sewn around the metal frame of tent, therefore a portion of metal frame was available to toddler. Possibility of breaking and small metal pieces was all I could invision.Therefore I sent product back. The other 2 tents were in perfect condition, as was the 3 tunnels, so as I said,I'm sure it's a fluke, but didn't want to take a chance for my 2yr old", 5.0
"This set up is a bit flimsy and the tunnels don't have anything to connect them to the tent. My son still loves it but I wish it was a bit more sturdy", 2.0
"it is a good toy but the balls are rather small and youmust check the seams when they arrive for poor sowin", 4.0
"We have had this shopping cart for 3 years now. I have 2 active girls who love to play with it. It does not show any wear after 3 years & it has been rammed into walls and pushed down the stairs. I think it is very sturdy & worth the money", 5.0
"We bought this shopping cart for my daughter's birthday to replace the cheapie one she'd had before. Her previous one had cost under $10 (a gift) and there is no comparison between that one and the Little Tikes one. The old one was flimsy from the get go, faded quickly, and when it broke, left sharp edges in the plastic. The Little Tikes cart is much, much sturdier and safer.", 5.0
"I put it together in less than 30 minutes, even with my daughter's 'help'. There's a nice deep basket that holds a good amount of pretend play food or whatever else your child wants to push around. The seat for a doll folds against the cart just like a real shopping cart, and easily holds a good variety of different style dolls. The empty shelf under the basket is a nice touch, perfect for stashing more groceries.", 5.0
"This cart is definitely worth the extra money, and I'd gladly buy it again", 5.0
"Let me start by saying my son has had this toy for over three years and it is his absolute favorite.  Since he's had it so long I can tell you its very durable.  We haven't had any problems.   This is the one and only toy he has used every single day since we bought it.   He uses it for pretty much everything,  but especially for cleaning up.  He uses it to gather up all of his toys and take them to his bedroom to put away.  He also loves to use it to play store.", 5.0
"The only problem with this toy:  when his friends come over they want to play with it too!  Maybe I should get a few more of them!", 4.0
"I would highly recommend this toy to anyone!", 5.0
"We had this grocery cart for three years. I would give the basket and base ten stars for sturdiness. After lots of play though, the wheels will no longer stay; I got tired of "popping" them back into place. Overall, three years has been a good lifetime for this toy", 5.0
"Without a doubt, this is the best shopping cart available!", 4.0
"1. Sturdy", 5.0
"2. The little seat for a baby doll- easy to get baby doll in and out and it makes it more like the real thing.", 5.0
"3. Holds a ton of food.", 5.0
"Both of our kids, 26 mo. girl and 15 mo. boy love this!", 4.0
"We bought this cart for our 16 month old daughter and it's a hit. She loves pushing her "baby" in it and filling it with "groceries." I love that it's so sturdy compared to the others on the market and very hard to tip over. At first I wasn't thrilled about the price but I was sold after comparing it with the others. It's very durable and high quality. I know this one will last.", 4.0
"This product is fun for my 2 year old.  She loves to push it around with her dolls riding inside.  As for parents, It is an easy thing to use to help clean up toys as it has a decent sized basket and it rolls pretty easy", 2.0
"I bought it for my niece,  she love it, play with it instantly. I did not buy the accesories because she use any single toy she had and put on it", 5.0
"It's a wonderful board game. My daughter loves it and she never gets bored playing.", 5.0
"Some people hate monopoly, others love it.  Me, I like it.  I've been playing it for nearly 20 years, ever since I can remember.  You really should pick up this fantastic board game and play it with your family and children.  If you don't, you will be missing out on one amazingly popular game", 4.0
"I remember reading LotR and I loved the series and the Peter Jackson version. Once I heard of the Monopoly edition of LotR, I was excited. I soon won the LotR Monopoly edition. I came home, invited some relatives and soon had a great time!", 4.0
"As you know, Monopoly is a game inwhich you have to be the ultimate monopoly. You buy and sell property, and if you own Mt. Doom and Bara-dur (Boardwalk and Park Place in the original Monopoly) then you get a monopoly. You can build strongholds (houses) and fortresses (hotels) and everytime a rival lands on your property, then he has to give you power (money). If you can't pay the rent then you'll become bankrupt and you are out. You also have to avoid jail.", 5.0
"There is some new tokens that resemble characters from LotR. If you had a look at the screenshots of this Monopoly game then you'll notice a lot of changes. But there is a new optional rule you can play with in this version; everytime you roll an "Eye of Sauron" (also counts as one) the golden ring will move to one territory per eye, where you can add strongholds. If you land on a territory with the ring, you may get it for FREE! If you land on an owned territory with the ring on it, you have to pay double the rent.", 5.0
"So, if you are a 100% die-hard LotR that only enjoy the books, then you can miss. But if you are looking for a Monopoly board or for LotR stuff, I recommend this game then", 5.0
"Note: If Tolkien lived to see this, he would have died immediatly. Infact, I think he's rolling in his grave as I am typing this review.", 5.0
"Monopoly is a game where you buy properties that have been mortgaged by the owners, and you must buy them for a ****load of money. It is absolutely the best board game series ever made.", 5.0
"There are tons of special editions for monopoly, for example:", 5.0
"Spongebob", 5.0
"Simpsons", 5.0
"Family Guy", 5.0
"This product is a must buy. BUY IT NOW", 4.0
"What makes this monopoly version special is the Large Tokens and the difeerent styles of houses and hotels. I love how they made the tokens bigger and heavier. The are also about four different styles of houses and hotels for a little variety in housing. The money holder has felt on it to make it a little more fancy then standard plastic and of course the case is metal instead of the standard cardboard box. Other than that it is the same game. The only complaint I had is that I thought looking at the tin on the  shelf that it was a silver and gld colored tin, but it is only siver. The gold is only on the plastic around the tin.", 4.0
"I had a hard time finding dishes for someone under 3 years of age.  these were perfect for a 2 year old.  she really enjoys them, and loves making "soup Hot" for her daddy. it includes pots and pans and little a spatula and serving spoon so she learns how to use these things. It helps with dexterit", 1.0
"I know alot about the impressionist already. So getting this game was just to add to my collection. I actually was impressed I learned something new. The writing and explanations are pretty simple, because it's geared towards children, but I still enjoyed it.", 5.0
"We gave this toy to our son for Christmas when he was 7 months old and he just loved it and still does at almost a 1 year old.  It was fun watching his motor skills improve while using this toy.  At first he mostly banged the noise making nails and did really grasp the ball dropping, storage compartment, crank or spinning ball.  Little by little he added what he could do with this toy.  Soon he was able to get the balls out of the compartment and drop them in the bottom hole, then soon in the top hole.  He now wails with the little plastic hammer on the nails and just loves it.  We haven't had to replace the batteries yet.  I highly recommend this toy for developing motor skills", 4.0
"My one year olds twins received this for Christmas along with the Discover Sounds Kitchen.  My daughter sticks her hand down the ball drop hole to pick up a ball instead of getting a ball from the side pocket.  Once she has the ball in her hand, she cannot get her hand back out and hasn't figured out to drop the ball.  This has happened three different times.  Once, she walked off dragging the workshop behind her until I caught up with her.  She was not injured, but was very upset.  I sit right next to her when she is playing with the workshop, or put it up.  My twins use the Discover Sounds Kitchen more often and we have not had any problems with it.", 4.0
"My 11 month old son received this for Christmas.  He loves it, and goes to it more than all the other toys he got for christmas.  Easy for little fingers, entertaining, and great for practicing fine motor-- pounding, pushing, turning.  Little Tykes really hit the mark on this one!  Much better than the kitchen that my daughter had", 4.0
"Just wanted to write a quick review.  We have the older version - we purchased it for our daughter when she was 9months and that was in 2001!! And at 4 she was STILL playing with it!  It has always been a favorite of hers.  Sometimes we have put it away because I thought she wasn't interested in it anymore, but when she discovers it or it comes back out, she won't stop playing with it.", 5.0
"My son received this workshop at about 8 months & still plays with it all the time at 19 months.  He mostly enjoys dropping the balls through the chute & cramming things into the overhead compartment.  We also bought the Discover Sounds hammer that is sold as an accessory, but it was really too heavy for him to use at first.  He still doesn't pay that much attention to it.  The light-weight hammer that comes with the workshop is just fine.  The workshop is durable also.  My daughter sits on the nails, & so far it has held up well", 5.0
"We have the Discover Sounds Kitchen (which is great) so I decided to try this toy. It is not nearly as interesting as the kitchen but the girls do enjoy the ball drop and the nails. I think it's a decent toy for the price, but I wish it had more interesting parts to it.", 5.0
"This was the first real toy we bought my son (other than real baby toys), he was 6 months at the time. From the moment we brought it home, he LOVED it! It comes with three balls that you drop in a slot and they come rolling out - he never got into that part even to this day but he loved and loves hitting the different parts of the workbench with the hammer and hearing the sounds and seeing the lights flash. It also has a winding crank and some other great little features that kids love. Now he is 20 months and although it's no longer one of the main toys he plays with I do see him go over and give it a whirl here and there and I still see the same excitment in his eyes just like the first time. I don't know if I'll ever be able to get rid of this toy not because my son is so attached but because I am attached to the memories of his very first toy and would hate to see it go", 4.0
"My son received this toy for Christmas last year when he was 9 months old. He is now 18 months old and still doesn't play with it. It just doesn't hold his interest. ON the other hand, he could play all; day with the plain old Little Tikes workbench. This is definitely not worth the money - there are more entertaining work bench toys out there", 5.0
"This is the game that comes out first at family holiday gatherings. It is easily modified for the younger age group & gets them thinking in ways other than the usual children's game. My 4 & 6 year old grandchildren love it & I recently purchased it for my daughter-in-law as a birthday gift.", 5.0
"However, the timer is not well constructed & it broke very soon after purchase on both my game & others I have purchased for friends. It is a hard game to find but Amazon has come through on more than one occassion", 5.0
"The play of the game itself is great -- similar to Scattergories in that you'll be coming up with words that fit a certain category and are looking for them to start with certain letters of the alphabet, but with several twists that make it even more entertaining.", 5.0
"The one beef I really had with this game is that the deck of available categories is too small -- in just two or three games you'll begin to repeat categories. So, you may wish to augment the deck with categories of your own", 4.0
"Three of us sat down and decided to try this game and we ended up playing for 4 hours. It is very easy to learn and yet challenging to play. Oh, it's also a lot of fun", 5.0
"This is one game that the kids - and the adults - ask to play agian and again.  It's a must on our family vacations -- one of the few things everyone can agree on.  Easy and very fun to play.  Highly recommende", 5.0
"I purchased this game 5 years ago and have been searching for more because all my family and friends wanted their own copies! We were familiar with Fundex toys (Phase 10) and wanted a family game that ages 6-86 could play together and THIS IS THAT GAME! The rules are easy, the game is never the same, everyone has fun", 5.0
" NICE BABY GIFT FOR NEWBORN.....I ATTACHED A GIFT CERTIFICATE AND A BIG BOW ...EASY BABY SHOWER GIFT...", 5.0
"We got this cube before my son was born.  He has enjoyed playing with it since he was very small.  First he would just look at it, then he started moving the flap with the bullseye and now he grabs all the different parts of it and really manipulates it.  The different rings and sections to grab make this a great toy for a child learning to reach.  My son is now six months old and he still enjoys this toy", 5.0
"This is my son's favorite toy.  He has been playing with it since he was a month old.  He loves to here it jingle, and open the flap and see the panda bear.  He is now 4 months old and it is still his favorite toy.", 5.0
"I can give him this to play with in his bouncy seat and it keeps him occupied for a long time.  I've also attached it to his baby gym and he loves grabbing at it.  Highly reccommend it", 4.0
"My baby got this when she was 6 weeks old.  She was liking it by the time she was 2 months old.  She now is 4 1/2 months old and still enjoys it.  Great educational toy with the different colors and textures.  Awesome for young baby", 5.0
"Our 3 month daughter loves this toy.  It has multiple shapes and colors for visual devlopment and enough different textures to keep her busy while I write this review.  Very good product", 5.0
"I know that the Amazon description says that this is for babies 3 months to 2 years, but I just had to buy this early after I read all of the great reviews.  When it arrived, I attached it to the activity gym (I uploaded a photo of it if you are interested in seeing how I did this).  My baby boy, Benjamin, immediately grabbed it.  He was only 6 weeks old at the time, so I am sure that it was just a coincidence, but it made me feel bad that I had not offered him toys at a level he could reach before this.  Throughout that first day, he became fascinated with the toy.  He quickly learned how to grab (even though his depth perception is still off) and I believe that this toy helped him develop his "grabbing skills" faster than if I had not purchased this toy.  I am sure that this toy is going to get a lot of use from my baby boy.  He has now decided that it is more fun to kick it than to grab it.", 5.0
"Personally, I believe that this toy should have a lower age recommendation.  He was only half way there and I know I could have given it to him sooner.", 5.0
"My 3 month old loves the cube. I attach it to whatever I can, it goes everywhere with us", 5.0
"It is a very educating and entertaining toy; my baby is only 6 months old and he loves it!  He shakes it and scratches it!", 5.0
"My 6 yr. old son received this for Christmas. He loves it and so do I! I think he likes playing hang man the best. It's cool that it has a light so he can play at night", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old son for Christmas.  Not only did he think it was great but also his 7 and 9 year old sisters.  There are so many games that there was something for all of them. We took the toy with us to Grandma's and even the older cousins found it very fun and entertaining.", 4.0
" I really like that they can play all the games in Spanish too.  Once they have got the hang of a game in English they can do it in Spanish and it helps increase their vocabulary.  I was a little nervous if it would be worth the $50 because I had seen the barbie laptops and some others at radio shack. This one seemed like the best choice and was hoping this would be worth it.  In my opinion it is much better than the others we tried in the store and I would definately recommend it", 5.0
"My 6 year son loves this!  The sides open up, the lights come flashing on and it's easy to open.  The games are fun and keeps him entertained for hours!  I would definitely recommend", 4.0
"I came across this item by accident while doing my Christmas shopping yesterday. Not only am I sure my 6 year old son will LOVE this...I LOVE IT! LOL! It is really cool. You push the top and it pops open while the wings shoot out. There is flashing lights and sounds. You have to put in any number of codes all beginning with BAT to access the games and activities.", 5.0
"It has a keyboard on it just like a real laptop which I am thrilled with. Now my son can type on his computer instead of mine! LOL! I played with it myself for probably half an hour. Sure there are some things he wont be able to do but it wouldnt be much fun if he already knew how to do it. It is definately something that will be with him for awhile.", 5.0
"The only small complaint I would have is that the screen could be bigger. For the size of the top of the laptop the actual screen that is used is very small. I dont see why they could not have utilized more of the screen and still had room to list the bat codes.", 4.0
"Either way, I am sure any Batman fan would love this, any little boy will love this...and any mother who is looking for a cool, fun, EDUCATIONAL toy will LOVE this!", 4.0
"The best part for me is the lights you can turn on. There is probably 2 or 3 settings for the lights that help you see the screen so much better. That is a great feature as well as the wings which dont really add much except that it will make any young boy think he has something Batman might actually use!", 5.0
"I TOTALLY reccommend this "toy" for anyone with boys ages 5 to 7 or even 8", 5.0
"I bought this computer for my just turned 5 year old.  While he thinks it is really cool, it is a bit hard for him.  Of the 26 games, he can play 6.  I am happy that it is a toy he can grow with and it can teach him a lot.  The graphics are great but I do wish the volume could be turned down one more setting.  I do wish there was a setting that they could just type letters to learn the keypad.  All in all, a good investment.", 5.0
"My two little girls , 2 and 3 years old, love this table and use every day.  I bought it about a month ago and it is still their favourite toy.  They love it so much they want to eat their meals at it also.", 5.0
"It was expensive but well worth the money.  I love the fact that there is enough space on the benches that their friends can sit and create.  The table is also large enough that each child has their own drawing space", 4.0
"I've seen this table in quite a few magazines and tossed the idea aside because of the price.  I found the exact table, same brand and everything in Costco for $49.99.  So of course I bought it and am glad I did.  My kids love to do all of their projects on this table.  It is durable and has plenty of room for my 3 kids to sit at.", 5.0
"My 2y daughter received this on 2nd bday and she has not let it go since, (7mo). Dora "feeds" the baby bro/sis with the bottle in her hand, while it (bottle)makes good sound effects. There is also a pretend plate of carrots/peas/potatoes and comes with 2 spoons, very good role-modeling as Dora is the big sister. The songs she sings are very sweet, as both the songs and the questions she asks engage my daughter in fun role playing.", 1.0
"My 2 yr. old daughter and I were at a store shopping for her birthday presents ( a little early ) and when she saw this dora doll with her baby sister and baby brother she wouldn't put it down, and since I bought it for her she has slept with her every night, this doll is practically attached to my daughter. Every time dora asks, "do the babies want some more?" after feeding them my daughter giggles and says "ok dora" it's amazing how she interacts with this doll. It's deffinatly worth the money to buy it!", 5.0
"My daughter adores Dora and has been asking for this toy.  She received it for Christmas and is thrilled.  I love it because it is a very sturdy toy.  The babies are heavy duty plastic and Dora is half plastic, half cloth.  My daughter has been sleeping with the Dora.  She is enjoying pretending to feed the babies and put them in Dora's carrier.  This toy is great for play acting as well as wonderful if you are trying to get your child ready for a little brother or sister, although you might want to educate your child that they won't be able to carry their new sibling around in a carrier like Dora until they are much older", 5.0
"I see most of the reviews come from mom's of 2 year old, but heck my 7 year old daughter just had to have this doll, and actually, her 3 year old brother just loves it too.  They both like to cuddle and feed the babies!", 5.0
"We bought this for my daughters 2nd Birthday. She loves it. She will sit and play with the babies for hours. She loves the bottle that comes with them. The only thing that i wish is the babies were softer. They are a very hard plastic and she loves cuddling with them. I think it would be easier for her if they wre  soft and not hard. Other then that this doll is cute!!", 5.0
"I ordered three sets of these Dora dolls.  They are the cutest thing I have seen.  I know my 2 and 4 year old granddaughters will love them. They appear to be well made.", 1.0
"Fabric stores carry fleece "Dora" material.  I bought some and made doll blankets with it just by cutting a fringe around the outside.   I can't wait until Christmas to see their eyes light up when they see the dolls with matching blankets", 1.0
"My 4 year old daughter asks every day to have this Big Sister Dora for Christmas.  I love it.  She doesn't know I already have it hidden in the closet for her.  She even drew an awesome picture of Dora holding both babies for Santa so he can get it just right.", 1.0
"I loved this idea the second they came out with it.  I love that it helps my daughter love her role in our family as "Big Sister."  What a positive idea!  Who doesn't need more excitement to help their child welcome a sibling into the world?  I love too, that there are twin babies.  My daughter is already planning to share one of the babies with her little sister.  Although, we only have 2 girls at this time, they know that someday we can welcome a new little brother or sister into our family as well.  I would highly recommend this toy.  I mean, what little girl doesn't love Dora", 4.0
"Let me just say this: my 4 year old is a certifiable Dora nut.  She loves her.  You could give her a bag with Dora on it and she'd think it was the cat's meow.  But, I must say, Mom-Mom came through big with this toy for her 4th birthday.  She loves that Dora feeds the twin babies from the bottle attached to her hand.  She loves the little song that Dora sings about being a Big Sister when she presses Dora's hand.  She's already singing it around the house.  The feeding accesories are cute and durable as well and the twin babies themselves are all too cute in and of themselves.  Also, Since my four-year old daughter is a twin as well - she has a twin brother - I think she can really relate to this toy on that level as well.  Great toy", 5.0
"My children and I are very happy with big sister Dora.  My 18 month old baby sleeps with Dora's baby brother and sister in her hands.  My three children enjoy playing with the doll, they love putting the babies in Dora's carrier.  I wish they also sold the babies separately", 2.0
"OK, so my daughter appears to like the toy, but it is driving me crazy!! The music and the singing voice are incredibly annoying -- by far the most annoying of all her toys (which is saying something). Furthermore, whatever educational value there may have been in the voice saying "red pan in" when the red pan is placed on top of the yellow one was subverted when my daughter figured out (within 2 minutes of opening the box) how to press a button and get the same result. So we just hear "red pan in! red pan...red pan...red...red..." over and over. I personally am suspicious that these toys that have so many sounds and lights and music and voices etc etc do not encourage the development of imagination.", 1.0
"We have had 2 of these toys - they both had the same problem as others - only says "red pan in/out"  If you slam it hard on the floor it occasionally will sing, but this is also random.  The fisher-price rep. did not seem surprised when I called to report this - told me to keep the toy I had & sent me a voucher for a new toy.", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter when she was 6 months old. She has played with it absolutely everyday since then (she is now a year). At six months she didn't really play with it the way it's meant to be played but she enjoyed banging the pans around and listening to the music. Now she works on stacking them and using the shape sorter. Great toy to grow with", 5.0
"Parents find the songs really annoying!! :)  My baby thinks this is the greatest toy ever!  He is 10 months old and had these for about two months so far.  He loves taking the pots out and putting them back and getting them to play music, over and over and over and over....", 5.0
"We do have to put it away every once in a while so it doesn't drive us crazy, but for baby, it's great!", 4.0
"This toy taught my son how to stack in a day.  It is such a cute toy, and my son loves to beat everything with it. It has cute, silly songs, and as far as our toy goes it plays very easy. The only thing I don't like is the spoon, because it doesn't have a place.  If you put it in the pot then you aren't able the sort the blocks. Overall, it's a good toy!", 5.0
"My son loved the learning table so I really thought the pots and pans would be a big hit when I purchased them when my son was 8 mo old.  I could not get the product to say anything but, "Red pan in, Red pan out".  I called the hotline at Fisher Price and they told me to change the battery which I had already done.  While I was on the phone, my son dropped the pot and it began to sing the alphabet song.  The cust. service rep. told me that the pots said and sang things at random and that it reponds when manipulated like a child would.  I was disapointed because the toy responds VERY randomly and usually only sings if it is shaken very hard or dropped.  I really feel I wasted my money on this one", 4.0
"This toy looks very appealing. I purchased this for my son, 16 months at the time thinking it would be a great toy to stash in the kitchen cupboard so he could play while I cooked cleaned etc. He played with it about 4 times total and he's 2 now! It doesn't do enough and does have much other than a shape sorter. I consider it wasted money but if my experience helps anyone I'm glad", 5.0
"I bought this because she is at that age of stacking things.  I thought this would be perfect for her.", 5.0
"However it is not enough.  There is only two things to stack and the spoon doesn't really have a place for it.  Also the numbers on it doesn't have any interaction with it, meaning it is just printed on the toy and that is it.", 5.0
"The sorting of the shapes are a great idea however and it is very durable.  She will bang on it with the spoon as well.  I guess for the price I was disappointed.  But she does have fun with it", 5.0
"I got my stunning Baby Born off Ebay today. She is a different kind of Baby Born, but if I reviewed the exact doll she was then no one would read my review. She is absolutely adorable and so cuddly. Her skin feels like a real baby's and she looks so much like a newborn it's unbelievable. Her toes are individual-perfect for playing This Little Piggy! Her hands are so lovely and baby-like. She is kissably cute and fun to hold. And she can squeak! I love to make her squeak. Even my cousin (who is not that fond of baby dolls) likes her! I've gotten so many compliments on my baby. I love her so much. She is even heavy like a real baby! I love giving her a pacifier. She is so cute I don't want to put her down! What a fantastic toy!", 5.0
"I totally recommend this for any doll lovers. She is cute, sized and weighted like a real baby, and soooo realistic. Not for younger kids, though. Definitely more 7-14 year olds.", 5.0
"My 13 bucks was well spent on my new baby! If you want this baby then go for it!! I am going to get lots of new accessories for her off Ebay!!! If you are planning to get her, you should get some accessories to go with her and you should look on Ebay. This doll is sooooo worth the money! Outstanding!!!", 5.0
"Unlike all the bad reviews on this doll, I want  to say how wonderful this doll is she does everything it says on the box, I know a lot of people says she doesn't cry but she does it takes a while if your child plays with her a lot and feeds her the right way she will cry, our doll cry's every time my daughter squeezes her hand, even my 8 year old son loves to make her cry, it is over all a great doll my daughter dresses her in different outfits and take her everywhere she goes...", 5.0
"My daughter got this doll 2 years ago and it is still her favorite!  She still plays with it, swims with it and bathes with it.  It is a great doll", 5.0
"I am now in college- studding to be a teacher. I however got the orriginal "Baby Born" doll when I was one. It was my first doll ever and I still have her. I named her Molly when I was three and would carry her every where. I of course had the orriginal that didnt do as much as todays baby born- mine did not cry, make noises, go potty but I had an imagination and in my eyes she was real. (I watched "A little princess" and believed that all dolls were alive) But Baby born to me was more than a doll. I recamend baby born for all little girls- and the women who said baby born is ugly- well I dont know about other adults but the adults that my parents knew thought my doll was a real baby- until they would see me spin with her and they would have a heart attact and then realize its a doll...that they all thought was life like and adorable. I love baby born and I am now going to buy one for my cousin Jordan as her first real baby doll.", 2.0
"This is the best kitchen out there.  My kids have had it for about a year now. (4 and 2, a girl and a boy) And they LOVE it.  They play with it everyday.  We have TONS of kitchen accesories and they all fit. The freezer is one open space, the fridge has one shelf, the stove has one shelf and the pantry has one shelf. So this doubles as your storage too.  My husband put it together, no problems.  And i must add...the box came very damaged (it's very heavy and i guess the ups guy wasn't happy about that). It ended up that 4 major pieces were badly damaged.  I called kidkraft and they sent brand new pieces (the big sides) no questions asked!!! so to top off a great product is a great company.", 4.0
"My daughter LOVES this kitchen, however, it takes some time to put together and there are so many pieces! Definitely a 2 person project", 5.0
"It is a beautiful kitchen - my 3yo loves it - I bought", 5.0
"a lot of food and stuff to go with it and she gets a total kick out of it.", 5.0
"The microwave plastic came cracked and it was so involved putting it together", 5.0
"that we didn't bother un assembling it and sending it back", 5.0
"I purchased this kitchen last Christmas for my girls.  When it arrived, both my husband and I were amazed at the quality.  Assembly instructions(although it takes a few hours) were very clear and all of the parts and pieces were color coded and numbered.  I consider this piece to be "furniture quality."  To top it off, it is absolutely adorable and my girls (2 and 4) love to play with it.  It is definitely the type of piece that can be passed down from generation to generation.  If you are considering purchasing some of the kitchen sets from the pricier mall/catalog stores (you KNOW which ones I am talking about), consider this first.", 5.0
"My girls love this kitchen. They play with it everyday.  It has a lot of storage so you can store play food, dishes, etc", 4.0
"We bought this for my daughter's 3 year birthday and it was a huge hit.  It is very solid, a nice size (almost 4 ft high by almost 4 feet long), big enough for 2 children to play with simaltaneously, and most of all NOT PLASTIC.  My husband and I were amazed at the quality for the price and I think my daughter will get several years worth of play out of it it.  I highly recommend it (keep in mind it took my husband 2-3 hours to assemble)!", 5.0
"We bought this for our girls (4 and 2 yrs) last Christmas so we have last year's model so I can vouch for how well this has held up. They still love it and play with it daily. Great wooden design and sturdy construction, but let me tell you this is no small undertaking to assemble; it is easy but time consuming. If I only could have paid Santa to assemble! Other than that, as compared to the other wooden kitchens, it is a great product at this price point and much better quality than the plastic ones that make noises etc. as it is larger and in reality kids will use their imagination and don't need all that other stuff. My girls cook, bang, open doors and shove stuff in it and it takes it like a champ! The only drawback is that is is primarily made in feminine colors so if you have a little man that loves to cook Target now carries a great little wooden kitchen that is blue and has a stainless steel look to it plus they carry great wooden food and accessories.", 4.0
"I bought the type with the fridge attached.  My daughter loves it.  I researched kitchen sets well, and this by far was the most reccommended!  Love it Love it Love it!", 4.0
"I bought the model with the refrigerator and phone for my granddaughter and it is so precious!  I was expecting something screwed together and flimsy but KidKraft uses metal screw plugs (I can't remember what they are really called) to put this together and it is very sturdy and the screws won't strip out the pressed wood.  (It does weigh 80#s!) The hardware that is used to put this together is all organized in a little tray so it was very easy for me to find what I needed, normally you have to spend the first hour sorting out the screws.  The directions are pretty easy to follow, I only had problems figuring out how to attach the top but it only took me a few minutes to get it right.  I am a woman who has my own tools so I tackled this project by myself and it took me a couple of hours, if I had had help it probably would have been completed much more quickly.  (I do recommend tearing off the page with the tray items to keep handy so you aren't constantly flipping back to that page since you need the tray items on every step.) My granddaughter's eyes lit up when she saw it and she played in there for hours (she will be three in January and loves to play pretend).  This is such a cute addition to her girly room and I simply love the pastel colors. I love the quality and the design.  Perfect", 5.0
"I just purchased this game for my 3-1/2 year daughter.  She is a Dora fan, so she wanted to play it immediately.  She sat there and played the entire game in one sitting.  Basically, Dora and Boots are on an adventure to help find pieces for Tico's aircraft.  Swiper makes his regular appearances as well.  I had to help her understand how to do something in a couple of places, but otherwise it was right at her level.  She knows her numbers and colors and she was very excited that she was able to progress.  The best part about the game, in my opinion, is that your little one will be able to make jumps without any problem.  The Pooh game is her other favorite (and another great game), but she needs help in making some of the jumps.  In the Dora game, Dora won't fall if you keep walking when you are supposed to jump - she just leans over on his tippie toes like she is going to fall.  My daughter was especially proud of the fact that she was able to jump on the swinging vines.  I highly recommend this game!", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5yo daughter.  It's actually one of the better Dora games I've seen.  Runs very similarly to the television show.  Offers a little bit more Spanish than the show does.  It's probably a tad on the 'easy' side for its age group though as my daughter didn't find it particularly difficult, but that didn't phase her interest any.  It's now become one of her favorites V Smile games", 5.0
"Just purchased this for my 7 year old son that has cerebral palsey- He only has use of his right hand- this cartridge is perfect- game does not allow mistakes and can play this cartridge with only one hand and not both. Since my son has use of only one hand he has trouble playing the other vsmile games- he's hooked. Is very engaging also where some of the other games fall short", 5.0
"My son neo (4 1/2) got this game yesterday  we opened it and he played all the way throught the learning adventure with out stopping.   The controls for this game seem alittle more responsive than the older games.  Dora speaks in both english and spanish: colors, numbers, and animals.  If you are going to get another smartridge  this is the one to get", 4.0
"I have been waiting for this game to come out for my daughter as a reward for potty training.  My daughter just turned 3 and this game was very easy for her navigate, as the previous poster stated some of other V-Smile games are hard to control.  The graphics and characters voices are as if your watching the Cartoon Dora.  This game is also very educational with teaching spanish and english colors and numbers. Also they teach animal sounds and recognition of animals (both underwater and farm animals).  Today was the first day we had it so I'm sure I'm missing a lot in this review, but this game is by far the best V-Smile game of them all and we have all the V-Smile games (we keep up to date when the new games come out).", 5.0
"This is a great game for the little ones just starting out with v-smile. Dora is very easy to control. Unlike the Lion King game where it's quite hard to jump from object to object, in this game you cannot miss your target. My daughter loves this game", 4.0
"No more quick-swingers sitting on pitches, and frustrating even the most creative movement pitchers. Now, with a quick twist of the red centerpiece, Wiffle Ball has added a new pitch - a real fastball (without the wiffled movement) - to keep those batters in check. This ball does amazing things with that little changeable ring. I just wish the quality were a little better so the red ring wouldn't fly off as easily after a well-hit pitch, which also sometimes causes the ball to start cracking around the center. But with that said, a Junk Ball easily lasts at least one 7-inning, two-out game. And, oh, the trickery", 4.0
"My son loves the episode II clone troopers (especially the ones from the animated 'Clone Wars' I & II series.  When he saw this, there was no question that he had to have it!  Along with the "Hunt for Grievous" clone trooper 5-pack, this is his favorite amongst all of the Star Wars action figures and vehicles.  The only draw back is the rear turret which bends when you set it on a flat surface and the repelling hooks on the back, which have long strings that seem an afterthought in the design", 5.0
"This is by far the best paint job on a republic gunship! The republic gunship has been the rarest vehicle in the prequel trilogy since 2002. It has been repainted 4 times now, and this is the most unique. It is painted to look like the gunship used in volume 2 of the clone wars, when the ARC's are going to save the jedi from general grievous. It goes along great with the hunt for grievous battle pack. You can recreate one of the best parts of the clone wars with this vehicle", 5.0
"The luckiest outcome of the prequel trilogy was the Clone Wars cartoon.  All of the toys from this series are fantastic.  My daughter literally gasped when I showed her the display I'd made.  The Tiger Shark Gunship is another good addition to the line", 5.0
"For those of you complaining that this game is too simplistic for adults, try playing the adult version! This is the true game and not at all like the simple kids version. The game is described on the Sorry! rules sheet. Instead of the cards being drawn one at a time as in the kid's version, each player is dealt a five card hand. This opens a whole new level of strategy as the game then becomes dependent not so much on the luck of the draw, but how the cards are played! With these rules the game can be played for a lifetime and never grow stale", 5.0
"Even my 4-year-old can play this game with ease (albeit with someone older reading the cards until he got familiar with the rules).  The skills required to play the game are skills that transfer easily to everyday life...decision-making, strategizing, taking setbacks in stride...plus it's tons of fun!  I highly recommend this game to both kids and adults", 4.0
"Sorry is a now-classic game that is derivative of Pachisi, one of the oldest known board games.  Players are simply trying to get all of their pieces from their starting place to the end.  It's not that simple, though, other players can kick you back to your start (Sorry!) in their own maneuvering to get to their end.", 5.0
"This game has clearly withstood the test of time and will be a favorite in your house for many years to come", 5.0
"Sorry has been an excellent game in working with my first and second grade boys as well as my sixth grade girls. The boys can practice counting and reading while everyone has lessons in sportsmanship. Excellent choice", 4.0
"Parker Brothers' classic game, Sorry!, is one of those board games that should be in every household. An updated form of the Indian game Parcheesi, Sorry! is a competitive game of revenge where players race to be the first to get all four of their pawns into their "Home" square on the board.", 5.0
"Game play is simple: On a player's turn, he or she draws a card from the middle of the board. The cards are numbered 1-12, and there are also several special "Sorry!" cards. Most of the numbered cards indicate how many spaces forward the player can move one of his pawns, although some cards have special instructions. If a player draws a card numbered 1 or 2, they can move a pawn from Start onto the game board. (A 2 card also allows the players to draw again.) A 4 card indicates that the player must move a pawn backwards four spaces. If a player draws a 7, he has the option of splitting the move between two pawns. An 11 gives the player a chance to switch places with an opponent's pawn. And a Sorry! Card lets the player take a pawn from Start and place it on the same square as an opponent's pawn, bumping the opponent back to Start.", 5.0
"Game play can get very fierce and intense as players race around the board, trying to be the first to get all four pawns Home. If one player's pawn bumps into another player's pawn on the game board, the bumped pawn has to go back to Start-which can make the players really competitive and vengeful.", 5.0
"Sorry! is just one of those games that everyone should have in their closet. It's easy enough for kids to play, but it's fun for grown-ups, too.", 5.0
"I've played this game since I was a teeny kid and it's still a ton of fun.", 5.0
"As with most games, there are small pieces involved that very well may end up someplace where they're not supposed to, plus you can't really afford to lose any of the pieces. Plastic bag 'em", 5.0
"My kids love this game.  They sit down together and play this game all of the time.  The neighbor kids come over to our house because they love to play board games and SORRY is the one they choose the most.  We do not have video games at our house, and this was considered a drawback to the neighbor kids until my kids introduced them to board games.  Now they come over all of the time just to play board games.  I say hide the video games and let the kids interact with each other playing board games.", 5.0
"Sorry is top game in our house", 5.0
"It's the game of *sweet revenge*. Who wouldn't like this came, a game that as been played for decades and decades. I remember sitting in our sunny sunroom with my brother playing when we were both children, I am now a mother and a Family Daycare provider and my son (6 yrs) and the children I care for enjoy playing. After school my son and the older children run and get a game to play instead of turning on the tv and 7 times out of 10 they pick Sorry. This game can be played by children as young as 3 or 4 yrs and children that are as young as 101.This is a game everyone should own!!! I think I am going to go now, get my son and have a game of Sorry", 2.0
"i needed a kitchen for my 3 yr old daughter that would fit into a very small space...but one that was enjoyable to play with.  we received it very quickly, in time for her birthday, and although she has not played with it yet; i did a test run on it and it seems to be made very well; especially for the price.  it is small but has many different little areas that she can work on that either slide out or open up.  It would probably be difficult for more than two children, max,  to really play with this at the same time (again b/c of the size) unless they had some other accompanying toys like table and chairs so that one child could be the chef and the others could help preapre the food at the table or be the customers, taking turns, etc...  as for the tipping over part that another reviewer mentioned, hers will be against a wall; as i think most people have their toy kitchens so i dont think that would be a problem.   in all; a good basic kitchen for a great price", 5.0
"I purchased this kitchen because of its colors and the challenge it provides to my three year old son with a disability. He need to be able to go against gravity and this toy has helped him a whole lot. For my son it is for therapy, for my daughter is is a toy.  I wish it was sturdy, but for me, it served the purpose", 4.0
"We bought this kitchen for my 3 yr old son for christmas. After searching through other kitchens we decided on this one for many reasons. First we liked that it was not huge and overbearing, and with the minimal sounds and  electronic functions there is still plenty of room for using his imagination which was important to us. Both burners light up, one makes a "frying" sound, the other a "boiling" sound. It is compact enough to move around easily, we like to keep it in the kitchen as well as the living room and outside on the nice days.", 5.0
"Secondly we liked that chicco got it right with regards to the usually discriminating gender biased kitchen sets of pinks and purples. subdued primary colors are used in the chicco kitchen making it appealing to both genders. Lastly the price for this kitchen was a bargain compared to others out there, especially since we were not sure how much my son would really use it. Although my son has played with it in the company of another child with ease, I would reccomend getting something bigger if you have two children constantly playing with the kitchen as it is rather small or in conjunction with other kitchen items that can be placed near it like a microwave or coffee pot, so the focus is not just on one item at at given time", 4.0
"My 3 year old and my 1 year old play so nicely together with this toy.  My only complaint is that it could be heavier on the bottom; it's toppled over a couple of times.  Otherwise, it's great; they love the 'burners' which make noise & light up.  I bought some more accessories because there's not too many included", 5.0
"My son has always tried to "cook" with the real pots and pans and always asked for a spoon to stir his food with so in order to keep our real stuff clean, I decided to get him his own kitchen for Christmas this year.  When he woke up Chrismtas morning, he went straight for this toy and played with it for an hour before even looking at the other toys and presents.  And it only took maybe 5 minutes to assemble--quite a bonus for Christmas Eve.", 1.0
"The reasons I chose this one was because it is in primary colors so it's OK for boys and girls, it doesn't take up much space and it was reasonably priced.  As others mentioned it is easy to tip over since it's small especially for younger kids (like my son) who really want to reach the top storage area but are a bit too short.  I've started to make sure it's against the wall or refrigerator so it can't get knocked over.  With reference to another reviewer mentioning the oven door not staying closed, you do have to push it hard to close it all the way but then it does stay closed.", 5.0
"Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase since my son is totaly in love with it and it is compact enough that we can keep it in the kitchen all the time without it getting in the way", 5.0
"My one year old son loves to play with toy kitchens whenever he sees one, but I did not want to pay big $$ for a toy kitchen. I am so glad that I found this one. He is 13 months old and it is perfect for him. Very inexpensive but VERY cute and fun. He is not yet walking, so I just put it up against the wall. So far, it has not tipped over once.", 1.0
"It is the perfect kitchen for him. He already pretends to cook and eat the play food that is included. My husband also liked the fact that it is not girlie in any way", 4.0
"After surveying lots of kitchen sets, I decided to buy star kitchen for my kids(1.5 & 1.2 years old). It turned out to be a great choice. My kids love it, and I love it, too.", 4.0
"This kitchen has everything the larger play kitchens have, but it takes up a third of the space.  My daughter received this one for her second birthday and she enjoys cooking daddy breakfast with it almost every morning.  When her friends come over to play, it is usually the first thing they go to -- even the older ones!  I highly recommend this for anyone wanting to buy their child(ren) a small, but very functional kitchen", 5.0
"I check every year for an updated version of this, hoping they will add an earphone jack.  In my opinion, they just don't care.  I bought this for my daughter to use.  But the lack of earphone jack, a standard feature, in all but the most prehistoric electronic equipment, is a huge disappointment", 5.0
"My five year-old daugther wanted this Barbie computer Christmas after receiving the younger Barbie computer for her 3rd birthday.  She did not get it because it seemed expsensive but bought it herself with her Christmas money.  She loved it from the start.  She likes the games and the Spanish on it, too.  She loved the mouse at first but then realized that it doesn't travel as well as the ones without a mouse (needs a solid surface versus using it in the car, airplane, drs office).  The screen could be larger of course.  She finds some games a challenge to figure out the rules and how-tos but overall loves her computer.  She is very pleased with her purchase and I think she will be playing it for a couple years.  The games are good for the ages 5-8 range", 5.0
"My 6-year old daughter AND her friend got one of these for Christmas.  THEY LOVE IT!!!  It has tons of learning games and 5 levels on each game.  I can't tell you how much this has helped her reading and writing skills.  Once you complete a level, you get a "prize picture".  I've been looking all over for the expansion cards because she noticed that they have a slot for them.  I have had no luck.  I would HIGHLY recommend this product", 5.0
"I got this for my daughter who is 5 1/2 and she loves it.  I think it maybe a little advanced for her but she has been doing the simple math and just loves the idea of using a computer that is only hers.  I think she will grow into it.  I have two other daughters too who are younger and have handled the laptop and it seems to be holding up just great", 5.0
"My daughter has an earlier version that the one shown so it is possible they have addressed some of these issues:", 5.0
"1) most games have a 1 minute time out which is really frustrating for my kids", 4.0
"2) "Oh that's not so good" - If I hear Barbie say that one more time I may just throw this thing out the nearest window.  My daughter will get a score in a game she feels really good about and barbie says, "Oh that's not so good, but you'll be better with a bit more practice"  This has broken my daughter down into tears more than once.", 4.0
"3) There are no parental controls.  I wanted to turn off or lengthen the timer.  I expected those sorts of features from Oregon Scientific.", 5.0
"Right now the most fun thing my kids do with it is play the Flower Fun game (like hangman) and type in "ICUP"", 4.0
"If you are looking at a newer version of this I would strongly recommend playing with a demo for a few minutes to check it out", 1.0
"Unless this product has undergone some major renovations, I would think twice about buying it.  Here's what I think of last year's model...", 5.0
"We got two Barbie B-Books for our daughters for Christmas last year and they have been quite disappointing. After thirty minutes of failed attempts on Christmas morning, our girls put them away and have hardly played with them since. The toy is rated in the 5-8 age range, but both my daughters (ages 5 and 7) have had trouble with them. I didn't expect the world for $50, but it certainly should have been better than this!", 5.0
"The display screen is tiny and the dark gray text on light gray background is very hard to see, you have to get the angle exactly right. The graphics are choppy and look like they came from a program designed in the early 80's - all blocky and angular. The sound system is low grade and fuzzy, making it extremely difficult to understand Barbie's instructions. It's impossible to tell the difference when she says "X" and "S" or "V" and "T".", 4.0
"Since the screens are so small, the text scrolls across rather than being displayed all at once. Even my seven-year-old (who is a great reader) had trouble keeping up with the scrolling text, and as for my Kindergartner, forget about it!", 4.0
"The games are poorly explained and are too difficult for this age range. Even the basic spelling games are ridiculous because the level of difficulty jumps all over the place. In level one, I was asked to spell car, map, tar, and then suddenly cruise and caravan! Nonsense programming like this has caused my daughters much frustration and worse, has made them doubt their own intelligence. We don't even turn the B-Books on anymore. My girls have been able to get a little use out of them when they play office, pretending they're laptop computers.", 5.0
"In all, these were an expensive disappointment and not worth the money", 5.0
"My oldest daughter got the older version of this product for her 5th birthday.  She could only play a couple of the games at the time, but she loved it.  For three years now it has been her all-time favorite car toy.  It has been dropped, banged, kicked, stepped on, fought over, and everything else two kids could do to it in 3 years, and still works great!  Drawbacks:  Pixter & Leapster caught on that kids might actually want to play their toys past 5pm in the car & put LCD lighting in, but this company hasn't caught on yet.  Also, no headphones jack--some of the games make incredibly annoying noises!  One more thing--the ages are not appropriately labeled.  Closer to first grade and up", 5.0
"I bought this set for my niece and nephew and they absolutely love it.  The colors are great and the case makes it a cinch to store away.  This set provides them with hours of fun.  I recommend this to everyone", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old son who loves to draw. The crayons are cheap, compared to Crayola. We tested the 10 different reds searching for the correct "spiderman" red, but they all looked too pink, and pretty much the same color. Also really waxy. The oil crayons are terrible, totally waxy - no oil at all. Markers are OK (so far), but why provide two of each color with the same thin tip? They could have given a broad and thin tip marker in each color instead. The case does seem pretty sturdy, so worst case I'll replace the contents with better quality art supplies. I'm going to look around for something better... if I find it, this is going back to Toys R Us. Any ideas?", 5.0
"I am the mother of two elementary aged children who love art projects.  This was a Christmas gift and I was never so disappointed in the quality of this item.  It arrived with crayons broken and the ones that weren't, you couldn't even use on paper.  The markers are dry and caps don't stay on.  This is a terrible product and the price is ridiculous!!!  Definitely would be better off purchasing these items elsewhere!!", 5.0
"I was not very pleased with this art kit.  The caps to the markers do not stay on at all.  The markers seemed dry almost from the beginning.  The crayons and oil crayons are ok. And the wood case is very nice, but half the set is the markers and they look like they will dry out shortly.  I was disappointed", 5.0
"The case is a CHEAPLY made box of wood that did not even survive shipping.  The materials contained inside are poor quality.  The rating does not deserve one star.", 2.0
"I returned it due to the damage sustained in shipping, but it would have been returned regardless because it is GARBAGE!", 5.0
"My kids (6,5 and 3) all love this puzzle.  We all enjoy the art work on the letters being different than the normal examples  (  Y has yarn, N has nuts).  My daughter just leaves this puzzle out on her shelf because she likes to look at it.  My 6 year old still likes it because it is not as babyish as most alphabet puzzles.  We have had this puzzle for 5 years and have had no problems with wear and tear issues", 4.0
"In shopping for puzzles over the last few years I've noticed that the manufacture's age recommendations seem to be a bit off.  When puzzles are too advanced, the simple solution is to put it up for a later date; however, when they are too simple, they're a waste of money.  Unfortunately, the Alphabet Art Puzzle was one of those disappointments.", 4.0
"The puzzle encourages thinking, and matching, but I'm not sure it helped to teach the alphabet.  In addition, some of the images are too goofy for this age group.  For instance, a piece of Rope is shaped into the letter "R," but a 3-year old don't associate with such a thing.  Another example of this, is the letter "Y" for Yarn.  Wouldn't a Yo Yo be a better solution?  The raised pieces do offer a new motor challenge from plastic knobs, but they are too shallow for the board.  I can't seem to move this puzzle without dropping several pieces on the floor.  My son found this frustrating as well.", 1.0
"What's more, I think the age recommendation needs to be adjusted.  I purchased the Alphabet Art Puzzle when my son was 2-years and 4-months old.  It's recommended for children 3-years and up, so I thought it would make a good choice.  It didn't challenge him at all.  The second time he worked it, he completed it in less than 4-minutes by himself.  That said, my son has benefited from the puzzle.  He likes working it, and continues to ask questions about the pictures.  I recommend it for children 18-months and up, as they will find it more challenging than a 3-year old.", 1.0
"This puzzle is one of my favorite gifts to give all the youngsters in my life.  I've given it as a shower gift, a birthday present, and a Christmas present, and the kids have all loved it.  It has held up very well, even with a few pretty destructive types. It's very visually engaging, and most kids can figure out what most of the pictures represent. Only a few are tricky.  Overall, I highly recommend this puzzle", 4.0
"My now 2 year old began playing with this puzzle (which was handed down from his old brother) when he was about 12 months old.  By the time he was 15 months old, he knew all his letters!", 5.0
"This puzzle is one of the best we have found for age 18m - 3.5 yrs.  It is now being used by our second child and is in great condition, very sturdy wooden pieces. It is fabulous for learning all sorts of things - the alphabet, hand coordination, new words, and you can use it to play I Spy as well. It's visually appealing as well", 5.0
"I must admit I am biased toward Lights, Camera, Interaction toys.  My daughter has several of this line's toys and for the greater part we have been very pleased with the durability and educational factor of their products.  The same goes for this alphabet puzzle.  Even though the raised letters do not have pegs they are easily removed from the board.  I like that the examples for the letters are not your general toddler "cat" and "balloon" icons, which broaden their understanding of the letters.  I sing the "ABC" song to my daughter while I point to the letters and then practice pronouncing the words to the pictures and alphabet.  A great hands-on way for little ones to learn the alphabet besides from the TV", 5.0
"My 3 year old daughter loves art.  She found this in a toy store and I did not want to buy it because it was a little pricey for art supplies. But she has really enjoyed this. It has a little bit of everything in it.  She has used up almost everything in it.  But she still uses it to organize her other arts and crafts stuff", 1.0
"My daughter LOVED the color pencils and sketch pad that comes with this set.  The crayons, however, did not survive the shipping, and those that did broke shortly afterwards with first use by my seven-year-old.", 4.0
"Overall, a lovely kit, but crayons are not as well crafted as rest of the kit.", 2.0
"I ordered this particular bunco set because the company's description said it was PINK!  I received a very ugly cream and red set.", 5.0
"The set is great and the rule book refreshed my memory.  The Item did not come in the color shown.  I wanted a pink one and I got a red and taupe set.  Kind of disappointing", 5.0
"The game of Bunco has been around since the late 1800's, when it was a popular parlor game among Victorian families.  At some point, it spread through the mining and gambling communities in the still-wild West and became a popular way to lose lots of money quickly.", 5.0
"The game of Bunco has remained popular among many people for all this time, and Fundex Games has now released a Bunco Party kit.  The game comes with all the things you need to play Bunco, as well as cute invitations to invite people to your very own Bunco Party!", 4.0
"Bunco is a great game for an afternoon with the girls, a family game night or an alternative to poker (or your other gambling game of choice).", 5.0
"This game is for people to play if they're drunk or mindless...or in some cases both....it's completely pointless and uninteresting...if ur just going to play bunco to see if u can get 21 snake eyes you either love to waste time or are just stupid...sorry but i mean think about it?...why PAY MONEY for this when i can JUST USE DICE from OTHER MORE INTERESTING board games I already own? DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!", 4.0
"~*Even if you manage to make the game interesting by being creative and thinking a little...you still shouldn't buy it...b/c like i said before JUST USE DICE FROM OTHER BOARD GAMES YOU ALREADY OWN!", 5.0
"This is really fun for adults.  We get together once a month and we really enjoy the company, the food and the spirits.  This was meant for adults to solicize not for children.  I am sure they might learn somehting at another gathering.  I have really enjoyed Bunco.", 5.0
"As the previous reviewer complained about this games simplicity, he has obviously never attended a BUNCO Party!  This is a awesome game to play with a group of friends, it is easy, allows for conversation, and has become a craze across the USA!!!  There are countless Bunco party's going on each week which allow moms and I am sure some dads a night out with friends & neighbors for a little fun.  This kit is great and has everything you'll need to host a BUNCO party!  Get the wine chilling & the appetizers ready for a fun party you and your friends will never forget!!!", 5.0
"I played this game a bunch of times today. The game was pointless, slow, and boring. The only thing I liked was ringing the bell. The point of the game is to roll 21 ones, then twos, then threes, etc. How lame is that.", 4.0
"I recommend you try Yatzee instead", 4.0
"All our children love temporary tattoos.  This one is special because you can color them yourself.  We purchased this for my son's 7th birthday and it was a great birthday activity for all.  Needless to say, I & the rest of our guests were covered in art when the day was through.  The tattoos stay fairly well if you don't get scrubbing them too hard & are easy to put on, they don't stick and peel like some we've tried.  They offer varied styles of tattoos, everything from dragons to sports.  All in all this is great fun!", 5.0
"I do wish there were a few more tatoos in this kit, but you can continue to use the markers and draw free hand tattos when they are gone.  They were easy to apply and fun to color in for the kids.  I was a little skeptical after reading a few of the reviews, but I am glad I decided to purchase this anyway.", 1.0
"Tattoos are really nice, but the ink part (markers) wash off easily. The black tattoo outline seems to last several days", 1.0
"Grandchild loved this gift. Her and her friends made tattoos for everyone. There were so many styles to choose from and they really lasted. Would buy again in a minute.", 2.0
"My mom bought this set for my four year old son last week. At first I thought it might be a little advanced for him, but he got the hang of it in no time. Now he is tattooing the whole family. They are pretty easy to rub off, but that's probably a good thing, since he covered my daughter's face with flowers right after she got out of the bath! For the price, this is a great toy", 1.0
"I bought this for our daughter and decided to open it, apply the stickers, and put the tools in a little travel bag before wrapping it up for Christmas.  I'm very glad I did, because I'll have time to return it now and get her something else!", 2.0
"1.  The end-door (yellow) will not stay closed.  It falls out, it falls in.", 1.0
"2.  The syringe looks cute until you pick it up.  Because it gets wider at the back, the plunger will not stay in it - it just drops right out.  Also, the hole which would normally be at the tip is placed on the side.  ?!", 1.0
"3.  The tools really do need a bag.  If that were the only problem, I had the solution by using a small travel bag.", 1.0
"4.  There is nothing to tell where the stickers go.  I looked at the wrap-around packaging to figure it out, but had two stickers left over.  I examined all of the toys themselves for clues, but ended up throwing the extra stickers away.", 5.0
"5.  There is a little clipboard and an unsharpened pencil.  The pencil does not stay in the clipboard's pencil "holder."", 5.0
"Do NOT buy this set!  Buy a stuffed animal and a regular play-doctor kit.  You could even buy a real (small) pet cage at a pet store!", 5.0
"Brought this item for my grandaughter, and she has totaly enjoyed it. It appears to be well made, and should last a long time. I believe it to be very educational as she pretends to be a veternarian", 5.0
"Overall this is a nice toy. My daughter loves animals and if your child does this would be one they would enjoy playing with over and over again. It comes with everything you need to care for the puppy.  The puppy is soft and very huggable. The only thing I would suggest is that it should come with a small bag to keep all the pieces in.  My daughter ends up throwing all the pieces into the carrier with the dog in it and they jiggle and spill out sometimes when it's being carried around.  It would also help to avoid losing those small pieces. Other than that, we love it", 5.0
"My seven year old daughter says she wants to be a vet, so when we went to spend some birthday money, and she saw this, she fell in love with it.  Some of the accessories don't look like any tool I've ever seen at a vet's office, but that hasn't stopped her from finding a use for them--she's really using her imagination with this one.  No broken parts in our kit, and it's not getting the most gentle treatment, so maybe I got a new version or something.", 5.0
"We also got the 13" (I think) Darby that comes separately, and she says it's the Mommy dog, and "Little Darby" is her baby, who's sick and has to see the vet", 5.0
"We got this for my daughter for her 2nd birthday.  She plays with it daily and love to pretend she's the doctor for Darby.  She puts him to bed in his kennel everynight just like we do our real dog.  Would highly recommend this toy", 5.0
"I have trouble believing this is for small children. I tried to play this at a party with some friends. All of us who tried to play are in our 20s and 30s, and we couldn't figure out how the game was supposed to work. The DVD never makes it clear whose turn it is or what's really happening, and there are too many things added to the game from the original.", 5.0
"I've played the regular, classic version of Clue many times and enjoy it, but this new version is frustrating, complicated, and not fun at all. I can't imagine that children would actually have fun with this when four adults couldn't even figure out what was going on", 5.0
"After I saw the advertisement for Clue DVD I immediately went out to buy it. I've always been a fan of Clue and this updated version provides players with some new twists and excellent graphics.  While you are playing the game, the Butler and an Inspector often appear to provide you with Clues about the case. Another addition to the game is added locations and having to figure the time of the crime.  Any Clue fan will appreciate this version", 5.0
"Excellent product! I really appreciate the option to choose any of the 50 given mystery cases to solve. After playing all 50, you can just start all over again! Fun, fun, fun game! THANKS", 4.0
"This is an extremely fun and addictive game. You shuffle the cards, and place three (room, weapon, person) in the secret envelope. In every room you go into, you can make accusations. If someone has the card you accused (like the room), then they show it to you and you write it down on your notepad. The game changes constantly, so it never gets boring. The character pieces have teeny details, like Mr. Green has straps and buckles on his briefcase. I gave it 4 stars for education because it teaches you to focus and really THINK. Oh, and good problem-solving skills too. And coordination (you have to add all the clues up to see who did it). All in all, a terrific game. Great for rainy days or playdates. And did I mention the weapons? Very realistic. And cute", 5.0
"This was a little difficult to figure out in the beginning - Actually had to read the instructions - but it was very fun and very disney.  Fam loves it", 5.0
"My son received this game for Christmas and it is by far his favorite game.  He enjoys pretending to be a detective and the game is easy enough for him to play and understand.  I just have to figure out how to get more of the scoring sheets", 5.0
"Okay, the original B-Wing was a little under-scaled and wasn't very accurate to the movie. Lego has gained alot of popularity over the years, alot more than before. Alot of people were asking for a new B-Wing because: 1.They weren't fans at that time to get it. 2.The B-Wing is just so cool. Here's my review:", 4.0
"The B-Wing, well, just looks so NICE! I don't know why it is called a B-Wing, since it resembles a T more than anything else. Oh well, still a cool ship. You get two minifigures, a B-Wing pilot dressed in a nice looking red. And you get a Sullustan pilot named Ten Numb.(Yes Ten Numb is a real Star Wars character, he was dressed red in Return of the Jedi.) I think Ten Numb looks great. If you see his actual picture, I think you would agree. The B-Wing pilot has a classic smily face and what looks to be a racing helmet. Shweet! Two pilots and you only need one.", 5.0
"The B-Wing is a masterpiece. Not only does it look more accurate than it's previous self, it is more accurate. The B-Wing itself is very sturdy. Two cons come with the B-Wing though. One of them is that the missiles shown do not fire properly. You must tilt the B-Wing to do so, which is very annoying. Another is those dreaded stickers. You never really can get them on right. Oh well, I don't even put the stickers on anyway. The B-Wing comes with a nice yellow and black service station with tools so you can display the B-Wing. I don't use it because in reality, the B-Wing lands horizontally.But it is still nice to have and can be used with other sets if you like.", 5.0
"All in all, this B-Wing literally destroys the old. You get two pilots when you only need one. The price isn't that bad considering the pieces. I think that every fan should own at least one of these. I'm still trying to figure out the B shape though..", 4.0
"I have always loved B-Wings and have told myself that one day I would get one. These new releases caught my eye and so I spent my own money to get one. I was not disappointed. The B-Wing is AWESOME!!! It copies the design and features from the fighter in the movie very carefully, so it's a good-looking model Actually, the B-Wing in the movie is pretty ugly, and this copies the ship from the movie, but I've played enough video games to respect its firepower. I guess it doesn't look too bad. It's a nice Lego, but nothing is perfect. Here are the pros and cons.", 5.0
"PROS:", 5.0
"At a good 15 inches tall, this thing is MONSTER!", 5.0
"It looks really neat", 5.0
"The service tower is a nice thing to have for realistic play", 5.0
"With the tower as a display stand, this thing looks cool in your bedroom", 5.0
"For a huge fighter, it's actually easy to play with", 5.0
"This thing would probably rock in the Star Wars ship battles kids like me have with its 7 guns.", 5.0
"Not too hard to build", 5.0
"CONS:", 5.0
"Kind of expensive", 5.0
"It doesn't break often, but when it does, it's tough to repair", 5.0
"It's not too hard to build, but it does take a while", 5.0
"It doesn't balance too well on the service tower/display stand because it's so heavy. Don't touch it though and you'll be fine", 2.0
"The Ten Numb minifigure doesn't look too good in my opinion", 5.0
"You have to open the S-foils manually. You think Lego would have the little gear-wheel to open it.", 5.0
"Missiles have zip range, but Lego never really came through in the missile department anyway", 5.0
"Engines look a bit tiny compared to the rest of the model", 5.0
"The mechanic minifigure(whichever one you choose to use, I like to use the Ten Numb minifigure)doesn't have a lot of room to stand on", 5.0
"The pilot minifigure is kind of hard to fit in", 5.0
"Overall, most of the flaws are tiny and it's a really cool ship worth the $35", 5.0
"This game is GREAT! You can really create your dream life with this fun toy. What you do is you first create your girl - pick her face, hair style, hair color, and first pair of clothes-, create her room, and make friends. You can also do chores for money, get a job if you want, and go SHOPPING!! There is school but it's only for a few seconds. If you do your homework and study and get good grades, your parents will allow you to get cool things such as YOUR OWN PHONE! You can go to school dances, have crushes, and create your own best friend! It is really fun and ADDICTING!!!!!!! Once you start, it is almost impossible to put it down. Like I said, this game is really fun and enjoyable.", 5.0
"P.S. I read some reviews and saw that a lot of people are complaining about stuff like that the parents are giving too much money for chores and that the dances are dumb because you spend money for a dress and everyone just wears normal clothes. Well if you think about it, the game is called DREAM Life, meaning it's the life you dream about. Wouldn't you want your parents to give you a lot of money to do easy chores, or to have the nicest dress at the dance? So, you can't really deduct stars for that.", 5.0
"hope i helpe", 5.0
"I bought this game for my 11.5 year old daughter and she was not thrilled with it.  She played it once or twice and was bored with it.  It is not a good game if you want a toy your child will love", 5.0
"We have enthusiastically played Candy Land with each of our three kids.  It is easily the best starting point for introducing a child to board games.  Players take turns drawing from a deck and moving their pieces around the board.  The cards have one or two squares of a particular color (such as red, green, yellow, etc.) and players move pieces ahead on the path to the next matching spot of the same color.  No counting or reading is required.  There are also special cards that can move a player ahead or behind, and they are indicated by  picture of the spot on the board to which the player should move their piece.  Play continues until one player reaches the end.", 5.0
"Some of my observations:", 5.0
"1) Most kids can probably start playing and enjoying this game before the recommended 36 months of age.  If you have a child with the attention span and the desire to sit down for a 10-15 minute game, I'm pretty confident they could enjoy it.", 5.0
"2) Among the lessons our kids learned from CandyLand: taking turns, recognizing colors, and dealing with disappointment.   Luckily, the games are quick enough that it is usually possible to play multiple games in one seting.  This makes it possible to keep playing until each child has had at least one win.  (Very helpful for managing little egos)", 5.0
"3) For such a simple game, it manages to perfectly balance the possibility of changes in fortune without seeming arbitrary.  The game is literally in doubt until the last card is played (one of the "special" cards might send a player back to near the start).  This is great for teaching that most valuable of lessons: "NEVER give up".", 2.0
"4) With most simple games, it is almost impossible to get older kids to play after they reach a certin age.  We have not found that to be as true with Candy Land.  We've had games with an adult and kids ages 3, 6, and 9 playing together and having fun.  If you have more than one kid, you know how hard this can be.", 4.0
"As a parent of three, I give this game my highest recommendation", 4.0
"As a child, I myself grew up with Candyland.  Now that I have children of my own, my house wouldn't be the same without it.", 4.0
"We got this game when my son was 3 and my daughter was 2.  Both of the kids understand the concept of the game and enjoy playing it.", 4.0
"The best thing about this game is that there's nothing really complicated.  The kids don't even have to know their colors to play.  They just need to match up the color on the card with the color on the board.", 5.0
"The game is simple enough that the kids often win which makes the game more enjoyable for them", 4.0
"im 17, and this has been my favourite game since i was a baby.", 5.0
"its so much fun, and it's soo simple, even the smallest of children can play.", 5.0
"plus, now there are so many different versions of this game, that there are endless hours of fun and excitement!", 5.0
"this game is a staple to every boy and girl, and is the perfect "first boardgame" to start the collection", 5.0
"&lt;3&lt;", 5.0
"My kids really enjoy playing the Candy Land DVD game. There are 3 different games to play and you can play for fun or play to win on each game. With kids running and bouncing around, I really like the fact that the mats pretty much stay put on the carpet. Unlike other games, the kids are not slipping and sliding or falling down on the mats. I believe this game is rated for ages 4 and up, but I think that most 2 and 3 year old kids could play most of the games if not all of the games. My son is 2 and he can play all of the games (we have to help him a bit of the 'Mister Mint says' game though)", 5.0
"Fabulous kitchen which I purchased for my 2 year old grandaughter.  I first saw it at a home recently sold by me.  I was impressed by the quality and appearance.  Upon speaking to other parents and discovering that their children used this "toy" at least until 9, I was inclined to spend the money.  Needless to say, my grandaughter is thrilled.  I have the kitchen in my home office and both her mother and I can feel free to use the computer while she is playing next to us", 5.0
"I purchased this kitchen three weeks ago for my grandchildren.  The instructions were great for assembly.  Lots of storage space for all the kitchen food,dishes and small appliances.  I have it set up in my kitchen and it fits in well with my decor.  It has all the "bells & whistles", that my 4 year old granddaughter and 18 month old grandson really seem to be enjoying.  It takes up a good size spot in my kitchen but it's totally worth it to see the children having fun with it", 5.0
"I gave this toy to my children for Christmas this year and they absolutely love it!  They can entertain themselves for hours with this toy and I cannot say that about any other toy they own.  It takes two people to put it together but it is pretty easy.  My husband and I got it put together in about an hour.  I recomend this kitchnen to anyone, it is well worth the money spent.  They will get years of fun out of it", 5.0
"I bought the deluxe version of this kitchen so there would be plenty of room for my 2 and 3.5 year old to use it at the same time.  It is big but it's worth it!  It was a Christmas present and they play with it daily.  There's plenty of storage within the kitchen for play food and pots/pans and dishes although we use a back up box for the overflow.  It comes in two big boxes but assembly was fairly straight forward.  It took me 1.5 hours with a power screwdriver (I cannot imagine putting this together without one).", 5.0
"A few minor issues:  The description calls for 14 AA batteries.  It actually used 12 AA batteries and the phone used 2 AAA batteries.", 4.0
"Shipping is very expensive.  I wish I had done more homework and either gotten a lower price or free shipping.", 1.0
"A few of the screws were difficult to get in place because there was not enough room to use the power screwdriver (or any screwdriver) straight on.", 5.0
"The screws for the battery plate on the phone are very small and one got stripped when trying to take the back plate off to insert batteries.", 5.0
"I have not had any  of the problems other reviewers have mentioned regarding doors not closing properly.  Everything fits tightly and is aligned well.", 5.0
"Overall I love the style of the kitchen.  It's not garish like most play kitchens.  Everyone get's a kick out of all the appliances and the working light over the sink.   This is a toy that's full of details that are probably over my kids' heads at this time but will be appreciated more as they get older.", 5.0
"Well worth the money and floor space!  But forget having a quiet moment to read the newspaper.  My kids find that the best time to cook something for me", 5.0
"I have been eyeing this kitchen for two Christmas'.  We knew this year we were definitely going to purchase a kitchen set for our 4 y/o, 2 y/o, and 10 month old.  It was just a matter of finding one that was durable, had fun stuff, and options that were fun for all three kids.  We wanted something that was big enough for two kids to play at, and something that would grow with our family.", 5.0
"This kitchen has definitely met all my expectations.  We purchased this directly from the manufacturer as they were offering free shipping until the end of last year.  I took the advice of other reviewers and made sure to put the stickers on first.  The Step 2 website has a great video demonstration for putting this together. An electric screwdriver is nice, but there are some tricky angles that might require a regular one.  I would definitely expect to spend at least an hour putting it together.  But just think, you only have to put it together once.  I did it alone, but it would have been helpful to have an extra set of hands.", 5.0
"The kids love this kitchen.  Our 10 mo. old isn't old enough to truly understand cooking, but she loves to open and close the cabinets and oven, pull the drawers out, and put things in and out of the sink.  Our 2 y/o has more of an imagination and enjoy actually pretend cooking.  He understands it and loves all the space available.  Our 4 y/o isn't really a "cooker", but he plays with this too.", 5.0
"I like all the storage space this kitchen provides.  The doors on the cabinets aren't all that sturdy, but they get the job done.  They definitely aren't the quality of the countertops or main structure.  There are sounds on the microwave, dishwasher, oven, phone, and stove.  That said, the first three mentioned are basically the same "sound maker", just with different sounds coming out.  The stove is neat, especially with the clear pots.  I'm sure there are many other kitchens out there that have more of a "wow" factor as far as "lights and sounds".", 5.0
"I am definitely pleased with this kitchen, and it was worth the wait.  It does take up some space, but nothing I didn't measure out before we decided to purchase it.", 5.0
"We bought this for our son who will turn 2 this month. He loves to cook and was always in my pans. He now has his own kithchen and loves all the sounds and different compartments. He is a very active boy and loves to climb and try to tear things up. I love step 2 because it is very durable and this kithchen is a great addition to our toys. Plus I love the neutral colors considering this was for a boy!! Highly recommend and was not that difficult to put together. Just do the stickers first and have 14 batteries ready!!", 5.0
"We bought this kitchen set for our daughter for x-mas because we are stationed overseas we went through hell and back to get it at first we ordered it from Sears.com well they cancelled our order 2 days before x-mas I was heart broken cause I had bought all the accessories for the kicthen set and was looking foward to getting it for our daughter but then I looked online at Step2direct they have the kicthen for 199.00 and the are even offering free shipping it will take sometime to get here but I can't wait to see my child's reaction I know she will love it as much as I d", 5.0
"This is a great kitchen!!  Bought it for our 3 year old daughter for Christmas.  Not really any problems putting it together.  Cordless screwdriver makes putting it together much easier. [...", 4.0
"This kitchen is fabulous!! I bought this for my daughters. We used this kitchen as a replacement for the SSC kitchen we had.  I ordered this direct from Step2. It was 199.99 and free shipping. It was delivered very fast since their factory is very close to me.  I have 7, 4 and 2 yr old girls. This was a HUGE hit with my 2 yr old. My 7 yr old is more into her gameboy and my 4 yr old loves the kitchen as well. This was very easy to assemble. The lables were very easy to apply. The acc. that come with this are very high quality.  I am thinking of ordering more acc. from Step2.  Dont waist your time looking at other kitchens.  Spend the extra money and order this one. Step2 has the smaller lifestyle kithcen. It is just a step down from this one, but looks much smaller. I saw it at TRU. Once I saw that one I had made my decision to order the Deluxe kitchen.  The other one didn't have the free ship anyway.  Overall this kitchen is very high quality and the best on the market in my opinion.", 2.0
"I read some of the other reviews about htis item and was nervous about getting it put together. Despite what I read, it was very simple. I did it all by myself and it was ready to play with in just 2 hours (That's counting putting on all of the decals). If you just set up your "work area" before you get started, it's simple. The decals weren't hard to get on with it being set up. I think this is a great toy to have. My daughter is 4 nd a half and she absolutely loves it. I would recomend this toy to everyone with kids. I am very pleased with my purchase and know this toy is well worth the $199 I spent. I ordered it directly from Step 2 and they had it delivered to me on Christmas Eve.....just in the nick of time!!", 5.0
"My kids are used to playing games on a computer so the screen was very disappointing.  It is very poor quality, but perhaps that is why it is so inexpensive.  I wish I had taken the advice of some other viewers and gone to a store to see it in person.  I will be trying to sell mine again", 5.0
"I am expecting to give a 5 star review.  I have not used this product yet.  I just purchased it for my 2 1/2 year old daughter.  She has been telling me that she wants the Easter Bunny to bring her a computer.  Mommy works on a laptop all day and she is so interested in using my keyboard.  I thought this looked like a real laptop and it should interest her as much as mine does.  I have originally thought that this would be too advanced for her (ages 5 and up listed on my box), but after reading a few of the reviews it might just be the right challege that she needs.", 5.0
"Mom in Michiga", 5.0
"I bought this for my grandson's 6th birthday along with the case. He started using it immediately and thinks it is just like Mom's and Grandma's laptops--mouse and all!  But this is kid-sturdy and educational.  He loves it.", 5.0
"I purchased this activity notebook for my granddaughter who has scheduled a thirty minute session each night after dinner.  It was her request, by the way.  I like the fact that it tracks progress and has levels of difficulty that will keep her attention for years to come.  As a bonus, her little brother can use it as well when he is old enough.  I predict its usefulness in their household for at least the next twelve years.  Its the best gift I've ever purchased for a child", 5.0
"I bought this as a gift for my grandson.  He was so excited when he opened it.  And, after we got it going, I was really surprised at how much it did.  We're really pleased with this product.", 5.0
"I just bought a Nitro Notebook for my 5 year old son, and it's been a great success. He has really improved his reading,writing, and number skills in just three weeks. I will certainly buy the next level laptop for him when the time comes.", 5.0
"Father,", 5.0
"Dom.Rep", 5.0
"We bought the game thinking it would be just like the real life game, but with sponge Bob characters.  It is a very simplified version of the game.  It is geared towards young children.  In the game, if you run out of money, you just keep playing, and you are exempt from having to pay any fees, while the people with money, still keep paying...so you are actually better off if you lose your money early in the game.  (that bugs me)", 5.0
"as far as the spinner goes...it snaps on, you have to press hard to get it to click into place, and it works great.  Just a little disappointed, just remember, it's for little kids.  If you love the game of life, get the original one...my older kids want me to buy the original one, they don't care for the sponge bob version.", 5.0
"I don't think the original edition of the Game of Life was meant for grade-school age children.  Re-vamping the board with familiar Sponge Bob, Squidward, Mr. Crabs and Patrick makes it an inviting game!  Visually, the game board looks great. There are slots on the board to insert the Crusty Crab, The Chum Bucket, Sponge Bob's house, etc.  The game is a lot of fun and my kids enjoyed it so much.  I even enjoyed playing it with them.  My only complaint is with the spinner.  It is a great looking two-part spinner but when you spin it you have to hold it down. Otherwise it will come apart and/ or come off the board.", 5.0
"I got this for my almost 5 and 6 yr olds who are big-time Spongebob fans. This game is absolutely adorable and loads of fun for our whole family! The board is an outrageously colorful and fun representation of Bikini Bottom. There are 3-D buildings of Patrick's, Squidward's, & Spongebob's houses, The Krusty Crab, The Chum Bucket, Mrs. Puff's Boating School, The Anchor, & The Shady Shoals Rest Home. The pawns are delightful and substantial 3-D plastic renditions of Spongebob, Patrick, Squidward, & Mr. Krabs that ALWAYS stay standing on their adequate base!! I can't stand those cheapo cardboard pawns with the tiny stands!!! There is no accumulation of children in this game version, but one does decide on whether to attend college or not (and pick a corresponding career), adopt a pet, and chose a home. There are life tiles($100 each)to earn for doing decent things and expenses to pay for unfortunate or typical Bikini Bottom life events. There are also Raffle cards to help earn extra money by game of chance spins. The writing on all of the cards is witty and humorous. I won't spill the beans about the pets, careers, homes, expenses, life cards or raffle cards because they are just so cute and funny!!  My kids think the cards are a riot! The winner is determined once every player has reached Shady Shoals rest home by greatest net worth. The game moves along at just the right pace and my kids had no problem learning the rules. It is a great teacher of reading and money counting ($1,000's & $100's only)as well as decision making and consequences of behavior. Game play really does even out any skill level because much of the game is chance based by the numerical spinner to make your move. I paid full price for this game and I think it is well worth every penny! A++++++, FABULOUS GAME!!!!!!", 4.0
"My daughter loved it for her birthday. It is really cute", 5.0
"A varry good board game.I played it for the first time over the weekend.Another game we like is strippopoly 5 stars for them bot", 5.0
"If you and your friends are just too crazy for conventional board games, give I've Never - The Game of Truth a try.  The object of the game is simple, players move around the board answering highly personal and potentially defamatory questions, and take shots or drink beer while playing.  The questions are formatted as "I've Never...." (for example, "I've never been skinny-dipping").  If this is true for you, you get to move forward the designated number of spaces.  If it's false, you pay the consequence (generally you must take a drink).  Some spaces on the game board automatically force you to drink.", 5.0
"Many people will find the questions far too offensive and overly personal, and will be uncomfortable playing this game.  If this is you, don't feel bad, you're not the only one.  However, in a group of close friends, this game can be a total laugh riot.", 5.0
"This game is perfect for a Bachelor or Bachelorette party, or just a regular party with a group of friends who are as crazy as you are", 5.0
"This is the most hilarious board game you could ever play! It's great at your next party, family gathering, or get together with close friends.  I was completely entertained and enthralled with the secrets that were revealed about some of the people closest to me.  I learned things about my brother-in-law, for instance, that I just never would have believed! What a nut!", 4.0
"Just a fun, amusing, down to earth game to play; I've played it numerous times, both with people who have played before, and newcomers, and it only get's better each time. And of course, it incorporates drinking in a way that only makes it more enjoyable. The secrets really start coming out only after a few turns.", 4.0
"I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good board game and a lot of laughs", 4.0
"The first time I played this game was with my co-workers at Happy Hour", 5.0
"and then again with my family members on our summer vacation at the", 5.0
"beach house.", 4.0
"Although we were already close and "thought" we knew a lot about each", 4.0
"other-this game only made us closer.  I don't remember laughing as hard", 5.0
"as I did once secrets started to become revealed.  The next morning at", 5.0
"breakfast, no one could even make eye contact without laughing!", 5.0
"This game is perfect to play with a group of friends or family and will", 5.0
"keep you laughing all the way thru!  It would make a perfect holiday", 5.0
"gift-I highly recommend purchasing this game if you are up for some", 4.0
"laughs!", 4.0
"Hey, I just wanted to write in a review for this game because I loved it so much.  I just ordered it less than a week ago, and it is already here, no problems, with a great price for an unbelievable game.  The game consists of 100 I've Never cards (10 which you make up on your own) and each one is more hilarious than the next.  I played with a bunch of my college friends and was drunk before I even rolled the dice (the way we all want it to be).  Looking for a great game to play and learn all the unspoken truth of your friends, then definately test out this game, I highly reccomend this", 5.0
"[...] My sister and I thought we would be able to Instant message using these across the neighborhood. So we split up, loading the "chips". To our displeasure, we had to walk all the way back, switch "chips" and put them in.", 4.0
"This is not a very good toy. First, you have to annoyingly scroll through each letter. For example, to type in a y, you have to press the select button 25 times and enter it, so messages take AT LEAST 5 minutes.", 5.0
"Then you have to physically HAND these little chips to your friends. It would be 100x easier just to talk to them. There are a ton of little gadgets like these, but this has to be one of the worst.", 4.0
"You are better off just talking or buying another toy of this nature, as nobody wants to walk, switch "chips" and walk away.", 5.0
"We have had this toy with both our daughters. My 3yr old still enjoys playing with it, but because it is so low to the ground my baby (almost a year) is the one that really loves it. My first daughter loved it just as much when she was about that age also. We like the shapes and the basic pots and open and closing of the doors and such. It is difficult to put things in the fridge and have them stay, but that isn't such a big deal because they play in all the other compartments. By the time my oldest was two she was ready for a bigger kitchen, but it is great entertainment for the younger!", 5.0
"My daughter LOVED this kitchen from about 9 mos. till about 13 mos., then she lost interest.  She used to dance to the sounds that it makes (which to me are fun and not irritating, like other toys).  It did sometimes go off on its own...usually if a door slammed or even thunder.  We would just turn it off at night.  This toy was by far my baby's favorite and it held her interest much longer than any other toy.  Its a great size for a busy crawler/new walker and it has enough things to open/press/drop for the 7-12 mos. set.  Though the 2 and 3 year-olds who come over have fun with it too!  I recommend this for babies younger than one year, though he/she may have fun with it longer than that", 5.0
"My daughter loves to open and close the microwave, refridgerator door, and oven door.  She also likes the sounds this makes.  My older daughter had a different model about 5 years ago which she just adored.  Both seem really good, although the prior one was a bit better...the door was sturdier and it came with shapes that were "ice cubes" - they would put them in the shape sorter door, then push a button and they would come out.  This one, you just place the food shapes in the slots and they fall out.  Also, there was a slot for the phone...this model it just comes with the phone, with no real "place" for it.  ANYWAYS, all in all, this one is good and she enjoys it (just turned 1).  Definitely good buy for 9mos+", 5.0
"I don't know why some reviewers are complaining about the size of this-just read the description.  We bought this for my 8 month old and she loves it.  It is the first toy she goes to every morning.  It is the perfect size for her and she loves opening and closing all the doors.  I think it makes an ideal first kitchen", 5.0
"My little girl loves this toy!  It's perfect for a 1-year old.  It makes sounds, has a shape sorter, and has doors to open and close.  I also recommend the set of accessories that go with it", 4.0
"My 17 month old enjoys playing with this kitchen, mimicking Mommy.  However, in the past few months she has REALLY shown an interest in  kitchen playsets for 2+ that are for the child to stand at while using.  She doesn't go to this kitchen as often as she used to.  For her, this toy seemed to be at it's prime for about 3 months (12-15 months of age) and now she has moved on to the next level of play.  It is a cute toy that introduces toddlers to kitchen "ideas", but it either needs more intrigue or a younger age to start.  I think that when she was 9 months old or even just sitting up she would have had fun playing with parts of it-opening the refrigerator/microwave/or oven, hitting the stove to make the music play or turning the "water" in the sink to make the music play.  She may have had more trouble with the shape sorter then, but I think toys are good to grow into.  I do not recommend this as a 12-month toy.  Wait a few months and buy one for 2+", 5.0
"The Sudoku board game allows players to compete in a multiplayer Sudoku game. Each player/team gets assigned a game board (mild, hot, or spicy) and races to see who can complete the puzzle first. The game includes two boards, two number sets, and one set of game cards. This game is very enjoyable and entertaining. Another neat feature is one player can use this game alone. Since the boards do not require a game card to work, the number of games is un-limited and can come from many different sources (books, magazines, website, etc), which requires you to place the given numbers yourself. This has provided us a great way to play Sudoku without the pencil and will continue to provide another way to enjoy Sudoku", 5.0
"This wasn't actually a card game. It was more of a book of 88 tear out sheets with one game each. They is no way that this can be played as a card game. The box doesn't even indicate that it's a card game. I thought this would be a fun card game for my husband & daughter to play together. You can purchase magazines with more games for less price. I wouldn't recommend this product unless you would like an overpriced book of sudoku games. I'm returning it & buying an electronic version for husbands PDA. The price is about the same.", 5.0
"My daughter got this as a gift for her 2nd birthday. Not only does she love putting the puzzles together - and double the fun being two-sided - her 4 yr old sister also enjoys it. It is useful to teach more complex concepts to our 4 yr old, such as 2 triangles make a square, 4 triangles make a rectangle. Both girls really enjoy this toy, as with all Melissa and Doug toys, it is very well made and will withstand abuse. Just wish it was easier to fit the plastic cover on, we can't seem to fit the shapes neatly to close easily, especially in a hurry. A minute inconvenience. A great toy", 5.0
"I bought this for my three year old godson last Thanksgiving, and he loved it.  The pieces are bright, sturdy, and easy to grasp with tiny hands.  I've purchased several Melissa and Doug products, and I've never been disappointed", 5.0
"We loved this set. It is great for very young kids and they like it. However, the time between learning the principle and getting bored because it became too easy, was very short.", 5.0
"About 2 months ago we bought Snappers by Toysie - a pattern block puzzle. My children (with 3 years apart!) both  still play with it.", 4.0
"It seems like my youngest child will be using it for the next 3 years. That is the lifespan for a toy", 4.0
"My son love this toy.  It also reenforces this shapes and colors.  it's a stepping stone for geometric patterns", 2.0
"We bought this for our son as a Christmas present. As he was not quite two yet, I thought he might not totally get the concept and that this would be a toy I could put up for later.  Boy was I wrong.  He loves this puzzle set.  I find he plays with it longer and gets less frustrated if I first let him pick out which picture he wants to "build" and then take the necessary shapes out and place them next to him.  He is very proud of himself once he gets the pieces in then he'll give himself a big round of applause(which mommy and daddy do also).  Great self-esteem builder and fun way to teach shapes", 5.0
"Our two children (12 months and 23 months) just love this set.  The boards and pieces are very sturdy.  We like that the boards are two sided.  Good variety and amount of shapes.  This is a classic toy that will last for years- we see it as one that we will keep even after our children have grown out of it- great to keep around for visiting kids", 4.0
"This item is a must have!  My two year old chooses it over just about anything else.  I always seek out Melissa and Doug toys because of their quality and educational value and this one is one of mine and my daughter's favorites", 4.0
"This is a brightly-colored, sturdy pattern block set. I would give this set to a child between 20 months and 3 years. My 22-month old just loves it. As soon as he saw it (hidden away, intended as a Christmas gift) he kept at me to open it. I finally gave in, and I am so glad that I did. He is at the perfect developmental level for this toy! He tries to match up the shapes and colors, and is even starting to name the shapes on his own. This is such an exciting age!", 5.0
"I like how the solid wooden boards are double-sided and VERY sturdy. There are more than enough pieces to go around- even if a few are lost over the years. A few of the pictures arrived with some scratching, but I think this is more annoying for me than it is for my child.", 5.0
"Don't forget that these patterning blocks can also be used independantly of the boards. This enables your child to come up with more challenging creations as she or he developes greater skill in this area", 5.0
"My son is 21m and he absolutely loves this puzzle.  Whenever he catches me putting it away, he immediately takes it apart and plays with it again.", 5.0
"It's not challenging enough for my 3yo.  She'll play with it for a few minutes and gets bored, but my son loves putting the shapes in over and over.  A great toy for rainy days", 5.0
"My soon to be 2 year old son is obsessed with shapes and had outgrown the basic shape puzzle (the large knob puzzle by melissa and doug) and I was looking for a puzzle that went beyond that but was not too difficult. I was thrilled to find this! It looks and feels great too. My son really enjoys it and I think it is conceptually very well put together. Not only are the puzzles well within his reach but he also enjoys free play with the shapes. He recently discovered that 2 triangles can make a square and two rectangles can make a square too :) That was only possible because the shapes are thoughtfully proportioned as such. I do agree with the other viewer who said that this puzzle is not for a 5 year old. My son is not yet 2 and he can do them. If it wasn't for the sharp edges of the shapes I would say its for 18+ months - 3 years", 4.0
"Back in January of 2006, I purchased the "Rock-N-Fold" Chair for my son. He absolutely loves it! Not only does he play his video games in it, he also does his homework in it as well! This product is the best ever", 5.0
"My sons love the rock & fold chair. They use it when their friends come over and they play games for a long time. They watch TV and rock and love the chair. I love the fact that is folds and i can just store it in the closet and have room to play. Thank you this product is a great space saver and great for kids", 5.0
"it really is a fun toy that helps you stay fit and will make you laugh", 2.0
"This is a wonderful wood puzzle for the toddler who finds the baby wood puzzles too easy but who doesn't quite have the dexterity (or patience) to fit together classic puzzle shaped pieces.  Because it is all wood, it can stand up to the wear and tear of a toddler. My son (20 months) found this hard at first, but was thrilled to have the challenge and would not stop working on it for days until he could do it easily.  The picture is underneath the pieces. The is one of my son's very favorite toys of all time! He also loves the school bus one that is similar by the same company", 5.0
"A definite must for the firetruck lover in your family.  This keeps my toddler busy for quite awhile and he even talks to it!  Very, very cute and durable too - it takes quite a slamming and hasn't even chipped", 1.0
"This puzzle is my son's favorite. A great gift for a boy who enjoys puzzles and fire trucks", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5  year old daughter and we tried to take very good care of it.  Within a few days of careful use, one of the latches bent, a hinge broke off and a piece of the edge came unglued.  It is a great idea, but needs better construction.  On a positive note, my daughter loved it and would have spent hours drawing and creating with the tools inside if I let her.  However, I had to take the box away so further damage does not occur before I can fix it.  The drawers work fine.  The problem is with the two doors on top that flip out.  Note about drawers; Little plastic door knobs pop out.  Need to be glued in.", 5.0
"over all a good gift for children but I feel that maybe you could have added few peices of paper. Thank", 4.0
"Our son received this as a gift, and we sent it back.  The box is made of inferior wood, and very poorly constructed.  Not really "constructed" at all - rather just glued together, and not well, at that.  Two of the corners were coming apart.", 5.0
"Also, the lid opens in two parts. The drawback: when you open or close either side, the plastic trays on the inside that hold the crayons and pastels, fall out, as there is nothing securing them to the box.  So, you have to try to hold the tray in place while closing either side.", 1.0
"We can't comment on the supplies themselves, as we did not allow our son to try them, or else he would not have been able to return the item.", 5.0
"I loved Electronic Talking Battleship as a kid in the 1980's and have been anxious recently to play this game again.  I was always excited looking through the back of the play booklet when picking out a board.  I was also always nervous when the opposing player would hit the red button, firing their missile.  You hope they'll miss but you'll get a bit nervous once they manage to hit one of your ships.  You also hope they won't sink all your ships before you can figure out where their ships are.", 4.0
"On the other hand, when you're the one pressing the red button, you're eager to hear that crashing sound - hitting one of your opponent's ships.", 5.0
"A good feature of this game is that you can play someone or you can play against the computer.  When someone plays against the computer, one usually loses.  But I recall as a kid beating the computer a few times so that's not the case here.", 5.0
"In all, Electronic Talking Battleship is worth the money and will bring many hours of entertainment.  A great investment!  - Donna Di Giacom", 4.0
"I bought this for my 8 year old. Although it took an adult to read, understand and then teach the rules of play, once we got the basic (classic) game figured out, it was easy.   There is an advance game too, but it is too complicated for us.  We enjoyed it a lot, and it makes you plan and do some thinking, as to where to put your ships.  My son always wants MORE MORE MORE when it comes to Battleship.  The game talks, and it closes up with a carrying handle.  That makes it more money than the other versions, but it is well-made and worth the price", 5.0
"This was a Christmas purchase in our house this year and we have found the game to be incredibly fun from the familiar classic level to the very strategious advanced level.  The one drawback that we have found is the annoying fact that the pegs do not fit well in the vertical grid board and are always falling out, or in the case of the planes are sometimes impossible to get out without the pliers that we keep handy when we play.  There are four holes on the grid that are part of the support pegs and these holes will not hold a peg for anything.  This really detracts from an otherwise superb game", 4.0
"Among the classic board games that has become a part of American culture.  A child is not a child unless he or she has played battleship.  A training in search patterns and comprehension of results that are returned to you.  Can you create a more effective and efficient search pattern then your peer.  Can you create a ship target pattern that is harder to detect based on the strategy your peer uses.  A great game", 5.0
"If you enjoyed the traditional Battleship game, you'll really love this game.  My only complaint is that the voice announcements can be a bit garbled at times.  There is a repeat option to hear them again, and we have used that one!  Overall, a lot of fun", 2.0
"This puzzle is great, and I'm glad I bought it for my 2 year old, Claire. However, like most toddlers, she prefers things that are HER size. I find that the hands in this puzzle are slim adult sized hands, like my own. Maybe the makers felt "Mommy" sized hands were the way to go, or simply that they wanted to fill the space in a standard sized wooden puzzle. I think it would have been nice to make the hands toddler sized, with chubby palms and fingers. That said, it's a great tool. We don't use it much for counting, though that is it's intent. This is more of a prop for the song fest of "Where is Thumbkin" and an even more exciting prop for the game of "Dr. Claire" wherein she repairs the "owie hand".", 4.0
"All in all, a fine addition to your wooden puzzle collection", 5.0
"Our little girl absolutely loves puzzles, and this one presented a real challenge. The pieces are somewhat irregular, left from right, which allows for growth in her problem-solving abilities. I bought this when she was 22 months, and she has been able to master it quickly. Not only do the pegged pieces help define fine motor skills, but the numbers, colors, and left/right make this a multi-dimensional learning tool. She's 24 months now, and has most colors down as well as learning to count. The colors were really helpful, because being the neurotic parent, I was beginning to wonder if she had some colorblindness because she wasn't recognizing colors at first. But silly me, I forgot she was a toddler. So much for my fears of why she isn't solving quadratic equations.", 5.0
"My kids love this puzzle.  It's in my pediatrician's office, and they run to it every time.  My son, now 4, has been interested in it since he was 2, and my 2 year old is now fascinated by it as well.", 4.0
"Little hands do well with the two hands on this puzzle.  The bright, colorful art and images have thrilled my children. It is well made and sturdy.  My children think of this as a "big kids" puzzle since it isn't farm or baby animals. It makes them proud when they put it together", 4.0
"Definitely a must buy!!!!  My two year old learned her right hand from her left hand by using this puzzle.  Not only does she understand the concept of counting from 1 to 10, but she also understands that each finger on each hand is different from the other.  This puzzle teaches spacial concepts, counting, colors, and coordination.  I wish there were more puzzles like this one. If anyone knows of any, please contact me through Amazon.", 4.0
"chrische", 5.0
"My little boy loves puzzles, and this is probably his favorite one. And I like that it's so sturdy and will be able to be passed down to his sister", 5.0
"My little girl received this puzzle along with two other ones on her second birthday. I thought it would be a little too advanced for her but it turned out to be her favorite one!  She showed me that with persistence little hands can achieve great things.  She is two and half now and she still loves this puzzle, whether it is to count the objects on each finger or to learn the names of the fingers it keeps her busy each time she picks it up.", 5.0
"This puzzle has been through two kids in my house and it's still in great shape. The cardboard is thick and durable. The picture is friendly and interesting. It's been a favorite with my kids.", 5.0
"However, if you are buying this puzzle for a two-year old or younger, this puzzle can be very cumbersome to solve simply because the pieces are gigantic. As a small child solves the puzzle, he must basically crawl over it to reach the other parts and that causes the pieces to come apart. The floor puzzles like this one have caused some aggravation with my kids simply because they can't avoid getting on the puzzle to reach sections and that undoes their work. We have found smaller sized pieces to be easier to solve, as long as the fine motor skills allow. Just something to keep in mind..", 1.0
"Both of my boys love Thomas.  I really scored when I found this Thomas puzzle.  The puzzles is built to take the abuse of a 2 & 4 yr.  The box that it comes in, is a bit of pain to get all the tabs undone to get to the puzzle.  Cute box, but a pain.", 5.0
"M.G", 5.0
"My 3 year old likes this puzzle (she loves the Thomas character) and really enjoys doing this one.  The color is bright and the picture is interesting.  This one is a great starter for kids learning how to work with puzzles.  I gave 4 out of 5 only because this one isnt as challenging as some other 24 piece puzzles... though that doesnt seem to deter my youngster, who puts it together daily", 4.0
"My 2 1/2 yo received this puzzle for Christmas. He is a big Thomas fan, so the subject matter was perfect. The pieces are quite large - I'd estimate 4 inches by 4 inches, and are well-made. The graphics are colorful and accurate - the puzzle depicts Thomas, Percy, James, Cranky & Harold.  My son asks to put the puzzle together over and over. He can now do most of it by himself just by putting together one engine at a time. The fact that the pieces fit together easily and are large make it less frutrating for him. I'd highly recommend this puzzle for any Thomas fan", 5.0
"This is such a cute puzzle and your Thomas the Train fan will love it.", 5.0
"It comes in a Thomas the Train-shaped box and the pieces are large enough for a toddler to grab and fit together.", 4.0
"My son is 2 1/2 and he loves this puzzle and can put most of it together by himself.", 4.0
"I highly recommend it", 5.0
"our son loves the puzzle, the only negative thing that we would like to add, is that when we opened the box, on of the pieces had a piece of glue stuck to it, and unfortunately separating the pieces torn the puzzle piece, which my son notices.", 1.0
"he does not like to see (something broken - as he says), apart from that the puzzle has had a lot of use.", 1.0
"I bought this kitchen for my 18 mos. old and she really enjoys cooking and working in it.  It is a nice, compact size that doesn't take up too much space.  She can work at all the different stations and not get frustrated.  Another bonus for me was that it came fully assembled and ready to use straight out of the box.  My only complaint would be that the doors are somewhat difficult for my daugter to open, but I know as she gets older, it will become easier.  I would definitely recommend this kitchen to anyone who in interested in purchasing one for their child", 1.0
"I love Step 2 products as they area well-made, easy to assemble (though the kitchen didn't require any), and well thought out.  This has a great telephone that rings, the look is cute, and it fit's nicely in the corner of my son's room.  Now he can be a Top Chef all day long.", 2.0
"My twin daughters got one of these kitchens for Christmas! They love this kitchen. It is not as tall as some of the others on the market which is a feature that I love!! My girls play with this all of the time and it is small enough that I have it set up in the kitchen so that they can pretend that they are cooking while I make dinner. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a kitchen for a toddler. IT is well built and stays clean", 4.0
"My daughter received this for Christmas when she was 20 months.", 4.0
"She loves it!!!!!! It is the perfect size for her and she is now a tall 2 year old. It is conveniently one piece and very durable. Easy to clean.You will need to buy some food and pots and pans as it does not come with any. Highly recommend for any little tot", 5.0
"I got this toy 3 years ago when my oldest was [...] now she is almost [...] and still plays with it all the time but now she shares it with her [...] sister who also loves it as well. no fancy gadgets or lots of lights but it lets the imagination run wild", 4.0
"I purchased this item for my 2 year old toddler.  She loves playing in the kitchen while I prepare meals.  She's able to manipulate and open all the compartments with ease.  This was a great buy", 5.0
"I bought this gift for my daughter's 2nd birthday.", 4.0
"She really loves this kitchen.  Abby Reese spends hours and hours cooking up a storm with this fridge.  She is so imaginitive - I love how it teaches her pretend play.", 4.0
"This kitchen is very compact - fits almost anywhere.", 5.0
"I'd recommend this kitchen to anyone", 4.0
"This kitchen is not the first one I've purchased. I am more happy with this one than the other two I have purchased. It has plenty of storage space for all the food and gives the child more doors to open and be more creative. I am very happy with this kitchen, it's durable and a good buy", 5.0
"My daughter got this kitchen for her second B'day. She loves it, I have watched her imagination grow as she pretends to cook. She even uses the different compartments to hide treasures. It is very sturdy and well made. Loved that it came completely assembled. I highly reccomend this kitchen. Only wished it had come with some pots or food", 5.0
"Very pleased with this purchase... My 2 yr. old daughter loves playing with her new kitchen!  The kitchen came fully assembled and all plastic parts are very sturdy.  The telephone is fun - and is actually my daughter's favorite part of the whole kitchen!  I know of 4 other friends who have this same kitchen - and all are pleased with their purchase", 2.0
"My kids grew up overseas and are quite familiar with Renaissance paintings. They've seen many of these paintings and are very familiar with them. I realize this is not the typical situation.", 5.0
"I was disappointed that the game is basically a game of luck. It is not challenging or reinforcing of our kid's knowledge. I had hoped for a game like "Famous Authors" which builds on and tests the level of knowledge of the players.", 5.0
"Nonetheless, the game is well presented. It's on the expensive side, but the book alone is worth half the price. Looking for a fancy gift with cultural overtones? I recommend this", 5.0
"I purchased this book when we took the kids (10, 8 and 8) to visit the Louvre this summer so they would have some idea why we were wandering around that vast building.  Little did I know that it would spark an interest in my 8 year old son that borders on the obsessive.  He has read the book two dozen times, spouts off all kinds of interesting facts about the artists and the times, and studies the paintings intently (this from a kid who has no artistic talent at all and whose favorite pasttime is sparring with his brother).  The stories behind the paintings, the odd facts about the artists and the practices of the Renaissance period, are all presented in a compelling way with beautiful illustrations to boot.  I recommend this highly readable and entertaining book", 5.0
"I received this game as a gift and it really is a great! The book that comes with it would have been a perfect 'Cliff Notes' for the Art History classes I had in school.  My eight-year-old daughter won the first game we played and I'm re-learning lots of stuff I had forgotten. Highly recommended", 5.0
"Wow!  My kids(8yo and 5yo)love to play this game~  They really enjoy this version of Go Fish~  We have all been enjoying the thrill of recognition when we see these artist's works in other places~ Well worth the money", 4.0
"My son is three yrs old and about 42 inches, we keep it on the next to last highest setting and it is enjoyable for him We will probably need to put it on the highest setting soon and probably need a bigger one next summer. He has alot of fun with it and although it is not very tall or does not have the ability to go as tall as some other models, he still has fun trying to aim and shoot for the hoop so we will use it to practice these skills before buying another. You definitely need to fill the base with sand before using( do not use water as substitue) as it will tip over repeatedly without sand as per the directions. Overall just like any basketball set this one provides great outdoor/indoor fun as well as exercise and is durable compared to others in its price point. We have not had problems with the height adjustment bar or with any parts falling off and my son is rough with this toy and b/c I did not fill with sand right away it has fallen numerous time and seems to be wearing well. So I think it is a great deal for the price", 5.0
"This basketball goal is great, its a great height for little ones and provides hours of fun! The best thing is, its a classic toy that requires no batteries, and several kids can play at the same time", 5.0
"My husband and I bought this for our son for his second birthday and he LOVES it.  We set it up as soon as he unwrapped it and he played with it for an hour straight, stopping only because it was bed time.  He even passed up cake so he could continue playing.  The ball is the perfect size and the height adjustment will be very useful as his skills improve.  He can easily play by himself, as most shots that go through the hoop are returned to him.", 5.0
"Warning:  temper tantrum might ensue when it is time to stop playing", 4.0
"I got this for my son when he was about 18 months.  He is now ten and we still have it indoors.   It has provided all three of my boys and their friends with entertainment.  Simple and durable.  I'm getting one for my nephew who's 2", 4.0
"I bought this hoop for my 14mth. old and he loves it!!  He made a shot the first try and this hoop has kept him busy for a long time.  I keep it in our basement for indoor play and it's sturdy and durable!  I can't honestly say who enjoys playing "hoops" (as we call it at our house) more, him or me", 5.0
"I bought this for my 3 year old daughter because I want her introduced to all sports; whether she chooses to go with a specific one years from now it all up to her, but I am doing my part. I cannot speak highly enough about this basketball set. It's GREAT! Even adults can join in with kids in playing with this! I have read more than one review saying that the rim/hoop keeps falling out... my suggestion is MAKE SURE IT'S IN ALL THE WAY! You will hear a click letting you know it's securely in, not to mention you can tell by looking at the back of it. It should be flush against the backboard. I hope that those few reviews won't hinder another parent's choice in purchasing this wonderful and family friendly toy! I give it 5 stars all the way", 5.0
"I did A LOT of research on the Internet regarding play food before I bought this set.  This set offers the largest variety of foods, covering all of the food groups, with minimal amount of desserts (I want a healthy eater).  This play food set has eggplant, cauliflower, asparagus, chicken, steak, ham, hot dogs, hamburger, bacon, pineapple, lemon, honeydew and musk melons, any many more items - an incredible selection of foods.  I received exactly what was shown in the picture on the Internet.  The food is very high quality and just the right size for a play kitchen to fit on the play plates.  My daughter, husband and I have a great time with this food. She loves making us breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks.  She also likes to put it in her shopping cart that we had purchased separately and ring the food up with a pretend cash register.", 4.0
"As for comments on the packaging...packaging costs money which is built into the cost of the food.  That is why this food doesn't cost a lot, because Step 2 saves money on packaging.  Plus most people toss packaging anyways after opening an item.  The packaging is clear plastic so you can see all of the items.", 2.0
"This set has a larger variety of food than Little Tikes, Fisher Price, and Just Like Home (I never saw anything about Kid Connection play food during my research). The person who received 8 hot dogs, 12 french fries, etc. should contact Step 2 and ask for a reship.  There must have been a mistake made when packaging was done (probably a rush for holidays orders).  You should get exactly what is shown on the Internet.", 1.0
"I hope this review helps everyone.  Have fun with this food!  It is a GREAT buy!!", 5.0
"I agree with a previous review that you get what you pay for.  But in the future I would highly recommend paying more once instead of having to replace this food in a few months or so.  We received this as a gift and from the outside it looked like an great choice!  I was very happy.  But we have had this package of food for about one week and I am already taping boxes with packaging tape to keep them together.  Little hands can pull apart the milk, juice and snack boxes in no time.  The cans of food are so small that they topple over easily in the play kitchen.  The pies, pizza, and such food are all actually hollow underneath.  There is no base to them.  They tell you 101 pieces but in our kit it counted 8 hotdogs (without buns), 12 individual french fries and the same on potato chips.  Not necessary especially since you also get two french fry packets in a french fry container and you get a hot dog in a bun separately.  Why would my child want four jalepenos too.  So much of this food is not they type of thing a small child would be familiar with.  Anyway, in my opinion spend the money on a smaller quantity of higher quality food or go online and find the "vintage" Fisher Price or Little Tikes food.  Now those are made to last and of good size for small hands.", 4.0
"I love step2 products, my daughter is only 2 yrs old but we already have MANY of their items. We decided to get her the lifestyle deluxe kitchen for the holidays this year & needed to get her some playfood to go along with it, I really wanted wooden sets but after spending over $200 on the kitchen I decided I'd go with the step2 plastic... big mistake! As another reviewer mentioned there is no retail packaging, they come in plastic bags. The plastic pieces are tiny, very thin, and sized strangely (ie a banana is smaller then an egg etc), the "boxes" are a joke, they are smaller and weaker then your typical snack size raisin box... I didn't even dare give them to my toddler as they'd have been ruined in 2 seconds. The "jars" are also very small and instead of interesting as one reviewer said they are just odd, disgusting sounding food items and very boring design. Having nothing else on hand I did give these to my daughter, she seems to like them well enough but I will be buying her some wooden playfoods soon and tossing these up on ebay or a garage sale. Not recommended", 5.0
"If you are looking for play food that is like little tikes or fisher price, this is not it!! There is a reason you get 101 pieces for 19.99!!  These pieces are much smaller and made from a thinner cheaper plastic.  Not at all what i expected from a quality company like step 2. To top it off, this set does NOT come in a retail box but is cheaply packaged in plastic bags.  I am sure my daughter doesn't mind these are cheaply made or small but i sure as heck do.  I could have bought a Kidconnection set from walmart for less money and maybe even of better quality", 2.0
"My daughter was 2 1/2 when I gave this to her.  I use it to teach her food groups and to encourage her to taste the real version.  Pretend "invisible" food is fun, but for a little one who has a lot to learn about different foods, to touch and to see is worth 1000 words!", 1.0
"My 16 month old loves her new groceries.  The produce &amp;amp; sandwich parts are plastic &amp;amp; each piece has a wonderful texture. The canned goods are very interesting to read.  They are actually labeled by a supermarket in the UK, so they are a bit different from the groceries you would find in the US.  I put the cardboard frozen food items away until she is older. She has been entertained at length because each piece is so intricate.  This was a great purchase.", 1.0
"My daughter recieved this kitchen today, and she absolutely loves it! The bins on the left side really need a back on them so that things don't fall out. I would recommend putting this toy together with a ratchet equipped with a screwdriver bit adapter otherwise you will have a sore wrist because it takes a while to get the screws through the thick plastic parts. This toy is definately designed to be durable. I am sure it can withstand whatever my daughter could do to it. Overall I think it is a good investment and a very cute toy", 4.0
"I bought this for my 2 year old. I was happy that it wasn't huge--fits right in the corner. She loved it when she first got it for Christmas. HOWEVER, My complaints are...everything is just SO small and inefficient! The "microwave" is so high that she can't even reach it with a small stool I bought for her to use just for the kitchen! The back of the little bins are open, and you can't store ANYTHING in there. So, I don't know where they came up with the lots of storage line! I just expected  a little bit more of a kitchen--would have changed some of the features. OVERALL it has proven to be a fun toy, but hard to use unless you are really tall", 4.0
"I bought this kitchen for my daughter on her 2nd birthday. She didn't seem very interested at first and I just figured it would take time for her to like it. I showed her how to play with it and how the sounds work but she was still very uninterested. I think she needs to be a little bit older to fully enjoy it. She plays with it as long as someone is in there playing with her. She can't reach the top shelf yet and gets upset everytime something is placed up there. To tell you the truth my 4 year old sone LOVES it. He loves to pretend to cook things and clean the dishes. This kitchen has withstood my daughter climbing all over it, my husband falling on it and my son standing on it. It is a tough toy! I love that it is so small... it doesn't take up a whole room like most other kitchens and I love that it can be moved easily. I would recommend this toy for anyone who is shopping for a 3 year old or older. I am sure my daughter will enjoy it more once she is a little bit older", 5.0
"My daughter is 1 and she loves it would be nice to come with a little more food but overall it's great and my 8 year old son thinks so to a great starter kitchen..........", 5.0
"I bought this for my 19 month old daughter for Christmas and she loves it. She seems a little young and I was skeptical but she has older siblings who enjoy it with her. She is just a tad too short to open the microwave easily but it won't take long until that is a non issue. The stove button is easy to work and she loves the  cooking noises, which are not annoying like so many other toy noises. I know I can trust it to last since it is Little Tyke. It is great for those of us who don't have much extra space as it takes up almost none yet has plenty of things to play with. It is also great that it comes with a few items to start out with", 2.0
"I purchased this kitchen for my daughter for Christmas.  It arrived and I started to assemble it only to find a few minor manufacturer defects on one of the pieces that compramised the way it assembled and the way it would "wear" over time.  I called Little Tikes' customer service phone number and after explaining the problem they said they would send me a new part immediately.  I haven't received it just yet but they said they would try to get it here before Christmas.  I was dissappointed when I found the defect and was certain, that with one week remaining before Christmas, that I would have difficulty getting someone to respond to my request for help.  I spoke to the nicest man at Little Tikes and was SO impressed at how the company stood behind it's product and sent the needed part with absolutely NO HASSLE!  They didn't require me to prove that the part was defective or even return it to them.....they simply took my word for it.  I am impressed, more than ever, that the Little Tikes company appreciates their customers......even it they aren't making "large" purchases.  This is not one of their most expensive kitchens and yet they still stood behind the quality of their product!!  I'll try to update this review once I've recieved the new part and the entire transaction is complete.", 5.0
"I only have one complaint and that is that the back of the "cubby" holes is completely open and there is now way to place things inside without them falling out behind it. Other than that this was great for my daughter's 2nd birthday. We don't have a lot of room and this is the perfect size. She just loves to turn the knob on the stove and hear the sounds.", 1.0
"My son's 4th birthday is tomorrow, Sept. 17, and he said he really wanted a kitchen. I wanted to get him a more expensive Step 2 one but he insisted he liked this one the best. (I think he loved the idea of the real towel) I just finished putting it together which was very easy but getting the oven and fridge doors on was a little annoying and they don't close completely u have to push a little to get them closed so I don't know if that will frustrate my son.....we'll see. In the directions it tells u to dab a little dish detergent on the the oven knob to make pushing it in easier, well I saved this part for last and had to use all my might to get the knob on! I don't understand why they can't just attatch the little knob when they making these but oh well. My son will be using this tomorrow and I'll get back with an update! I would also recommend u putting it together before your child knows u got it for them", 5.0
"This is a VERY! cute set and all the littlest pet shop playsets are hot right now. But Toys r us has this EXACT same item for only $29.99 right now. If you want to buy this toy AND SAVE SOME MONEY, BUY THIS SET FROM TOYS R US. JUST SOME FRIENDLY ADVICE. And happy shopping everyone!!!", 1.0
"I just did another review on the Diego treehouse set as my twins decided to purchase this and the Deigo set. I will first say we purchased this for much less at a well known local store (not sure if I can say where). It is well made and my girls played with it for hours. They have decided to ask Santa for other pieces to go with this set. I have a whole basket full of Littlest Pet Shop items for them also through Amazon where I found these items to be comparable in price. You will not be disappointed in this purchase", 4.0
"This toy is so much fun! I play with it every day with my sister & brother. Altogether we have about 50 LPS. I have the most", 5.0
"I never could have imagined that LITTLEST PET SHOP would release another fabulous toy set after the LITTLE LOVIN' PET PLAYHOUSE - which I adore - but they have achieved absolute greatness with the release of the WHIRL AROUND PLAYGROUND.", 5.0
"In this set - which requires a minimal amount of assembly - your pets are able to take a ride on the treetop swing set, ride down the slide, spin on the merry-go-round, relax in the comfortable hammock, eat at the cozy cafe, compete in an obstacle course, ride the elevator, sit in the sandbox, and get a view of the world from the observation deck.", 5.0
"It is amazing how well each feature in this playset works, and how much fun it is to play with the set. Most animals fit in every area, and more than twenty pets can occupy the WHIRL AROUND PLAYGROUND at a time. This set includes a cute gray mouse, a prissy puppy - who comes with a pair of sunglasses that actually stay on - a food/water combo dish, a bed, and a slide, to make the most of your pets stay at the WHIRL AROUND PLAYGROUND.", 5.0
"The best thing this playset offers, however, is the fact that no batteries are required. Things move by the touch of your hand, or by turning something clockwise. A must-have addition to your LITTLEST PET SHOP collection. Hours of fun, and no batteries needed!", 5.0
"Erika Sorocco", 5.0
"Freelance Reviewer", 5.0
"Book Review Columnist for The Community Bugle Newspape", 5.0
"Both girls, ages 4 and 2 loved this", 5.0
"My daughter seems to really enjoy it and all the neighborhood girls that come over seem fascinated with it. no problems so far with materials or qualit", 5.0
"We got this for my daughter's 3rd birthday and it is such a hit! We have had NO issues with the chalkboard thankfully. It was really simple to assemble and is very sturdy. She will be able to use this item for many years to come!", 5.0
"I bought this easel as part of the classroom I set up for my preschooler.  I love the adjustable size, durability and ease of use.  My only complaint was the chalkboard.  Though I followed the priming instructions diligently, I found that even the good chalk scratched the board and did not write well.  Melissa and Doug did reply immediately to my concern and were willing to do whatever necessary to correct the problem.  On a whim, I decided to try some chalkboard paint instead. It now writes beautifully, and I love the black chalkboard, rather than the green it came as.  It is perfect", 5.0
"I bought this item for my 3 year old daughter and had the same problem with the chalkboard (not working so well). I call the 800 number on the back of the box and the people in customer service sent me a new chalkboard. I was amazed at how helpful they were and the desire they had to make me happy. I will buy Melissa and Doug toys for years to come.", 5.0
"After priming the board as the instructions indicated...it is still useless.  The chalk actually cuts into the chalkboard so now, my daughter who loved chalk and drawing can't use that side of the easel.  I wouldn't recommend this for anyone if they are looking for a product that does what it is supposed to do.  I wonder if the makers even tried to use it...why would someone make a product that doesn't work and then expect people to buy it...very disappointing", 5.0
"My daughter received this for her third birthday. She loves it. I would have to agree with another insert that the chalkboard does not work so well. The dry erase, however is wonderful! I cannot wait to get the paper so that she can start painting next!", 5.0
"I would recommend this to three and above. There are some small pieces and the height could pose an issue for smaller children. But overall, GREAT Product!", 5.0
"Only downfall, is the they do not provide even a few sheets of paper to get you started and chalk/eraser etc.", 4.0
"Amazon just raised the price on this within the last few days.  Go to your local bookstore where it lists for $19.99.  Awesome product, kids love it", 4.0
"We bought this for our 10 year old grandson last Christmas and he LOVED it.  He is interested in animals and he wrote a book about 'dangerous' animals.  He had a great time doing it. The finished product is great.  His parents had another copy of the book printed by the seller and sent it to us as a gift.  We will always cherish it", 4.0
"My 7 year old received this as a Christmas present.  She was so excited to write her own book, we added the about the Author page and she wrote and illustrated the story.  We bought one book for our family and the second book we dedicated to her school teachers and gave it to the school on Teacher Appreciation Day with a note that we wanted the book to be placed in the library.  Now all of my daughters friends and others can check the book out of the library and they love it!", 5.0
"I highly recommend this as a gift to anyone", 4.0
"I bought this kit for my 6 year old daughter.  She couldn't wait to start drawing.  She dictated the story for each page and drew extra "love notes" on the remaining pages, and even deticated it to her Nan Nan.  We opted to add the "About the auther" with a photo!  My daughter did get impatient waiting for the book to come back,.. but since Katrina the mail has been very unreliable.  Finally, her package arrived and she LOVED it!  We rushed it right over to her Nan Nan.  It is a perfect little book, that will be cherished forever.  I've already bought 2 more!", 4.0
"Wonderful product. We bought this as a gift for my son's 7th birthday as a fun incentive to get him a little writing and spelling practice.  He loved to make his own books at home with computer paper and the stapler, so a real book was a huge hit.  He thought this was great because it is a real bound book with his own words and pictures.  His book will be a cherished keepsake and I'm sure it will be great fun to look at when he is grown", 4.0
"Great idea! The bound book is sweet, not cheesy at all, nice quality. Makes a great gift for grandparents. My teenagers even enjoyed making them.", 4.0
"I can't say enough about Illustory!  My daughter is 6 and in Kindergarten and loved to make stories on paper stapled together. So, Santa brought her an Illustory kit and we did it together as she can't write many of the words yet.  So, she drew all the pictures and told me what she wanted to story to say.  We got our book in the mail yesterday, and she was so thrilled to see her story bound like a real book!  The quality was great, and it even had the dedicaton page and an "about the author" page with her picture (which I provided).  We even ordered an extra copy for grandma with a dedication to her!  I highly reccomend this kit", 4.0
"This is a nice idea, though basically they take the same paper that you draw on and bind it.  We wanted more pages, and better quality paper than the thin paper they provide, but that cost us an additonal fee to upgrade when we sent the pages in. It did come out very nicely, and my 7 year old is very proud of her work.  Overall we were happy, and unlike many other presents, this one was fun and left us with something she can show her friends and look back at later in life", 5.0
"I would have rated this lower, but the idea is so great.  My 7yo loves his book.", 5.0
"Be careful w/ the pages you submit.  We ordered two books and the first book contains the original submitted pages w/ artwork (except the cover which was scanned and reprinted on "glossy" paper).  The 2nd book was, of course, all photocopied pages of the first.", 5.0
"They simply take your submitted artwork pages and someone (or possibly an OCR), prints your submitted text just under your drawings; then binds the pages into the book, with the title page , dedication page, etc.", 5.0
"Not as sturdy a book as I thought it should be, but as I said, my kid loves it, so that's what matters most. &lt;grin", 4.0
"My Granddaughter age 9 had so much fun making up her own story, she is still working on the art and then we will have it printed", 1.0
"An unexciting piece. Of value only to the completist collector (like myself). There's nothing wrong with it, it's just that there's nothing "great" about it either. The lauching projectiles are unnecessary for a "holographic" figure. Hasbro could has done better by choosing another "host" sculpt to base this exclusive off of. The "Phantom Menace" version was much better", 5.0
"I was so excited when I ordered my Star Wars Holographic Emperor figure. I'd been waiting for this exclusive figure be available for weeks!! When I got home today, the box with the Amazon logo was on my doorstep. Upon opening the box, I was completely disappointed to find that the Emperor figure I'd been waiting for was damaged since it was jammed into the box so that the backing card was crushed. The people packing this stuff are half-wits!! Anybody with a brain would know better than to  cram something into a box like that!! They should be ashamed of their service & to all you collectors out there....BEWARE!!", 4.0
"This is a fun toy to have around, especially for boys and men who think they're boys!", 4.0
"Better get yours from Amazon.  I have a hunch Toys R Us will sell out quickly.", 5.0
"Here's to the little kid in all of us", 4.0
"My three year old grips these perfectly. And the array of colors make them such an enticing reason to try to learn to write. A great set of markers. Really really great", 5.0
"My almost 6-year-old son loves drawing and coloring, and this special set is perfect for him.  In addition to having *100 different colors* (!) the markers are small with a thin tip.  They fit his hands well and he loves having so many colors to choose from.  We have had this set for several months and none have dried out or given him any problems. The case is perfect.  It is sturdy plastic, snaps shut and has a handle.  These are more "grown up" than the Crayola markers and have a much finer tip than even their skinny ones, so they are great for words and small details.  We love this set", 5.0
"We bought this set over a year ago and my daughter is still carrying it with her everywhere.  Most marker sets you find in stores only have 24 or 36 colors.  Here you have 100 colors to choose from.  They come in a zippered case that opens into a full circle of markers arrayed in a beautiful rainbow.  Each marker pops into the case so they all have a place and you can instantly see if one is missing.  The markers have withstood endless pictures but are now getting a bit dry so we are replacing them.  For $15 it seriously may be the #1 value of all the toys we have ever purchased for our children over the years.", 5.0
"I have trouble believing this is for small children. I tried to play this at a party with some friends. All of us who tried to play are in our 20s and 30s, and we couldn't figure out how the game was supposed to work. The DVD never makes it clear whose turn it is or what's really happening, and there are too many things added to the game from the original.", 5.0
"I've played the regular, classic version of Clue many times and enjoy it, but this new version is frustrating, complicated, and not fun at all. I can't imagine that children would actually have fun with this when four adults couldn't even figure out what was going on", 4.0
"Very interesting spoof of the original game.  I found the first one boring after a few plays, but this one still interests my kids and I after 10+ plays.  It's a bit convoluted to put it together initially, but well worth it", 5.0
"After I saw the advertisement for Clue DVD I immediately went out to buy it. I've always been a fan of Clue and this updated version provides players with some new twists and excellent graphics.  While you are playing the game, the Butler and an Inspector often appear to provide you with Clues about the case. Another addition to the game is added locations and having to figure the time of the crime.  Any Clue fan will appreciate this version", 5.0
"     I always thought Clue looked like a complicated game I'd never touch!  That is until I played it at my friends house!  Now I'm a Clue fanatic trying to collect all the versions!  This game can never get old because it's a different outcome every time!  I strongly reccomend it to anyone 8 and older", 5.0
"Excellent product! I really appreciate the option to choose any of the 50 given mystery cases to solve. After playing all 50, you can just start all over again! Fun, fun, fun game! THANKS", 5.0
"This is an extremely fun and addictive game. You shuffle the cards, and place three (room, weapon, person) in the secret envelope. In every room you go into, you can make accusations. If someone has the card you accused (like the room), then they show it to you and you write it down on your notepad. The game changes constantly, so it never gets boring. The character pieces have teeny details, like Mr. Green has straps and buckles on his briefcase. I gave it 4 stars for education because it teaches you to focus and really THINK. Oh, and good problem-solving skills too. And coordination (you have to add all the clues up to see who did it). All in all, a terrific game. Great for rainy days or playdates. And did I mention the weapons? Very realistic. And cute", 1.0
"This was a little difficult to figure out in the beginning - Actually had to read the instructions - but it was very fun and very disney.  Fam loves it", 5.0
"My son received this game for Christmas and it is by far his favorite game.  He enjoys pretending to be a detective and the game is easy enough for him to play and understand.  I just have to figure out how to get more of the scoring sheets", 5.0
"It is quicker to play than the boardgame and much", 5.0
"more compact.....so easy to bring on trips, etc.", 5.0
"This game has no board therefore no time is wasted trying to move from one room to another to make accusations. The luck in this game depends on which sleuth cards you draw rather than rolls of the dice. Strategy is the same as the original game only game play moves more quickly with one being able to gather information on nearly every turn they have. Sometimes you can actually eliminate more than one item on your list during your turn. All in all, this is a fun game that you can play over and over again in an evening with out getting bored with it", 5.0
"I purchased this set for my daughter as a christmas gift because she saw it while I was browsing online and told me how much she wanted the "puppies". She will love this! The set is much larger than I expected it to be and looks sturdy enough for my 5 year old to play with", 5.0
"My daughter got this for a birthday gift and has really likes playing with it.  She loves palying with animals and this was a perfect fit to the doll house she recieved for Christmas. She is still playing with it several months later", 4.0
"My daughter received the loving doll house for Christmas and LOVED it, however our family consist of Mommy, Daddy, girl, boy and a golden retriever.  When I spotted this item I was so happy to see I could duplicat my daughters real life family.  She absolutly loved it.  She actually played with just the dogs and accessories for 3 days. It was hard to find in stores so I just ordered it from amazon/toysrus.  It was out of stock so she did not get it until after Christmas, but that was ok she said "more presents" when it came in the mail", 2.0
"Great accessory to the dollhouse for the price.  It has lots of parts to teach your child about pet care, feeding, and bathing", 5.0
"Every child I know loves animals and this is no exception.  My three-year-old granddaughter loves to have the puppies get nurtured by the mother dog in her dollhouse. She loves to brush the mother dog's "fur" too.  I sometimes play with her and we talk about how to treat animals gently and with kindness.  I see her using these traits in her role play with this set.  Everything about this set is durable. There is even a sack of dog food and a water dish to remind little ones that all animals need to be taken care of.  When I sometimes watch my granddaughter, she will always notice when his food or water dish is empty and come tell me.  I notice her giving her "pets" the same consideration.  I love this set and so does she!", 2.0
"With the colder weather here, this is a great activity for the little ones.", 5.0
"The smaller pieces in this set are not for children under 3 or still teething.", 5.0
"We played for hours on end with Colorforms as kids, always a favorite.", 5.0
"Hi,", 5.0
"I got this gift as a birthday gift from jackie and I would like to say it is amazing. My mom doesnt like the fact tht it gets mesy thowe.", 5.0
"I love it. I would share this with any of my friends", 5.0
"I purchased this coffee maker three years ago.  It has been played with by my now 4 year granddaughter and now my 1 1/2 year old grandson is enjoying it also.  It has been a very fun set for both the children.  It has taken being banged around and taken many falls to the floor but just keeps on working.  I have been served many cups of coffee from this set.  Recently, I showed the four year old how you could put water in it and it would brew up a pot of coffee, ( something we won't mention to the 1 1/2 old for a while )now it's a whole new toy to her and I now have to really drink all this coffee she makes for me.  This is an awesome toy !!! Attractive, realistic and very well made indeed !!", 4.0
"Beverly Coutur", 4.0
"I got this for 14.99 at target. I bought the microave and mixer also for that price. The "coffee" goes up top like real ones. It comes out into the coffee pot. Really cute! I'm suprised by the price on here though", 5.0
"My 6 year old just loves this set. She can make "real" coffee and has a great time playing make believe in her kitchen.  It is well made and durable.  Has enough whistles and bells for today's child but still encourages imaginative play", 5.0
"All right I'm going to be honest.  I was over my cousins house and my 4 year old cousin had this toy.  She showed me how to use it and it's so cool!  My aunt then gave me one for my fourteenth birthday, and my best friend and I have a blast with it!  Totally an all ages toy.  Now I am completely right in the head.  How many parents have looked at this toy and said that looked like fun!  WOW great toy", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my three year old son so we could have coffee parties. Unfortunately, the water leaks right out of the bottom, so barely any coffee makes it into the pot. Perhaps this item isn't supposed to be used with real water? It does not include any helpful directions or tips. Maybe we will send back and try again, but I think he will be heartbroken otherwise to be without his coffee pot", 5.0
"It it not the "coffee" that we are trying to sell to our kids, it is the whole "role playing" idea that our children love so much that we cater to. While I certainly do not want my child to birth children at the tender age of 3 (more like 30!) I do buy her baby dolls and nursery sets because it is her imagination that I love to watch shine through. I think this is an excellant toy for toddlers! Sit back and let your child giggle and have fun while he/she watches the water go through! There is already too much negative in the world and too many critics want to slam long time favorites of children (barbies), but do your job as a parent and watch your children flourish!!!!!!", 5.0
"I got this for my daughter for Christmas. She was 2 and 3 months.  She just loves it.  It's a little messy since she has to have H20 but I just put a towel underneath, give her 1/2 a pot of water and let her go.  It has taught her to pour without making a huge mess.  Of course, she likes to try to drink out of the straw where the water comes out but that's no big deal.  Education value is subjective and hard to rate.  We have enjoyed it and purchased 2 others for gifts as well.  Enjoy", 5.0
"First of all I would like to point out that Mr.I-Was-40th-In-Australia is kind of a jerk. Posting up reviews that bash all the other reviews on the page is rude and arrogant, and frankly its pretty egotistical for him to act like his opinion is better than all the others on this board. Although it is true that, by itself, this deck wont be winning any tournaments, you dont have to insult people to point that out. Just remember that this is a Customizable Card Game, so dont worry about switching around cards with this deck to enhance it a bit.", 5.0
"That being said, I would like to say that this deck has some really fun cards. In my opinion, not only do the cards have some great powers (Marauding Captain being able to special summon another monster just by being summoned for example). One other thing to note about this deck is it only has 1 monster that you need to tribute summon. Which means if you get a monster in your hand, you can play it.", 5.0
"In my opinion the cards in this deck also have some of the coolest pictures of the structure decks too. From the Obnoxious Celtic Guards Mid-Evil look, to the beautiful Warrior Lady of the Waste Land, each card is really colorful and detailed. The folks who design the Yu-Gi-Oh! cards definitely went for the extra package on this.", 5.0
"The other thing I want to mention about this deck is its Warrior specific. And in Yu-Gi-Oh! there are more Warrior-type monsters than any other type in the game. What this means is the Warrior-type has the most flexibility, and is the most customizable of all the monster types due to the massive amount of abilities the Warriors have. So when you go to customize this deck, dont worry about having a lack of monsters, spells, or traps to add to it.", 4.0
"Final statement: Warriors are like RPG characters. Some may start out weak, but the get far better by adding equipment to them. So here is my suggestion, look around at different Equip Spell Cards to get an idea at what abilities you can to your different Warriors just by adding some good weapons. Combine the equipment with the right abilities and your Warriors can wipe out anything your enemy sends at you", 4.0
"If there's 1 monster that helps me it's armed samurai- ben kei. it can attack as many times as it has equip cards plus his regular atttack! i have 2x Axe of despair, 1 mage power and 1 shooting bow star ceal. i also would hav royal decree on the field. that is 4000 attack points and attacks 5 times to your pponents life points. it is hard to get the cards tho", 4.0
"I have this deck. It's real fun! I have the Blaze of Destruction deck to. I have a HUGE deck(:. I have these way cool cards:                                                            Dark blade, Back fire, Mefist the infernal general, Precious cards from beyond, Nobleman of crossout, Swift Gaia the fierce knight, Roc from the valley of haze, Meteor of destrution, Woodborg inpachi, Obelisk the tormentor, Blazing inpachi, Thestalos the firestorm monarch, blast with chain, pot of greed, Blue eyes white dragon, dust tornado, and reinforcement of the army. The structure decks ROCK!! If you want single cards from booster packs, check out www.yugiohetc.com. Thanks", 4.0
"The cards can be used as a stand alone deck or it can be introduced into your current deck. This card came is good for subtraction math skills for younger children (scorekeeping).", 4.0
"Of course the game is alot of fun.", 4.0
"My six year old really enjoys these cards.  He plays with the neighborhood boys and his sister.  He said it had a lot of cards he didn't have", 5.0
"Well, I have had these cards for a while and I love them!I mean I have thought of 5 combos and have won duels with all of them. If your a fan of warriors I recommend you buy it. Plus all you have to do is add a few elemental heroes and you have a mini Jaden deck", 4.0
"I've played yugioh for a year or two and I know a good deck when I see one. This is definatly one of those decks! It has won duels 95% of the time! It works together very well and is by far the best structure deck yet. If you get a deck, this is the one you should get", 5.0
"A true piece of entertainment in more ways than one! Pen, various pieces of colored Chalk, and an eraser all together in a nice tidy carrying case.", 5.0
"Hours of entertainment, play-time, and even learning can all be achieved with this set. A wonderful gift for any child, and even useful for parent teaching as well", 4.0
"got this for my grand daughter she really enjoys it takes it every where easy to pack around & she puts other stuff in it to bring with her she also pretends shes off to work like mam", 1.0
"My son had been asking for some gears for his construction things, legos, k'nex, etc.  I had checked with lego education to find their smallest set to be over $100.  Theses K'nex ones are great, especially for the price.  The case is a little difficult to open, but then again it keeps his sister from opening the box and losing a peice or two.  I gave it a four because I wish the set had a few more gears in it, my son's only complaint.  I will probably buy some individual gears to add to his set from K'nex Education site.  It is well worth the price to teach a kinetic child the concept of gears!!", 1.0
"My bought this hoping that my kids would be able to finally sing along with one of the songs. In an effort to "jazz up" these kids songs, many of them are difficult to sing a long with.", 1.0
"The seller was great. I'm just not impressed with this Fisher Price System. Neither are my kids.", 1.0
"This was definitely a hit for my little one.  We got this for our 5 yr old and she loves (and knows) all the songs", 5.0
"Who knew I would be interested in numbers. SuDoku requires concentration - even at the easiest levels.", 4.0
"The only downfall I found with this game was the instructions. I was already loosly versed in SuDoku via the Parker Vector 3-in-1 Pen 'channel' on AvantGo for the PocketPC. When I compare my knowledge coming in to this version of the game, I find that the instruction sheet is vague in some areas.", 1.0
"But if you or someone you know enjoys numbers games, this one is a KEEPER. Enjoy", 5.0
"My son came up with the word "moo-tastic".  He loves his "Moo-Mixer".  I have to say, it is really cool.  And, the little spinner that mixes the milk is safe for kids -- no sharp edges.  The next child whose birthday party we are invited to is getting a "Moo-Mixer"", 5.0
"I bought this for my fiance and she loved it.  She hasn't used it that much so I don't know how durable it is.  My main complaint is that it didn't come with batteries", 5.0
"This playhouse is the best! We bought this for Christmas for our five children.  I was initially hesitant about buying a playhouse due to the unattractive look that playhouses become over time.  I applaud the decision of STEP 2 to produce products with a neutral palate because this product looks as good as the day we bought it!! We live in the hot Arizona sun, and the colors look as crisp as the day we bought it.  Well worth the money--great design and very durable.", 5.0
"My twin girls love this cottage.  It was so easy to put together.  We have it in our living room/playroom.  It's the perfect size cottage, for our girls.", 5.0
"It's been the best purchased I've ever done in my life.  It's worth every penny.  If it burns down, I'll buy it again.", 4.0
"We got this for my son and he loves it! This was bought because I loved the design of it and paid the extra for the step2 name and awesome design! I now wish I would have just stuck with our little tikes imaginesounds playhouse though. I have tried to order replacement stickers for this and am unable to, so the doorbell is faded and stove stickers about missing, rain comes in and sets on stove and sink area. My son still loves it but I like my toys to be clean and new looking. He is 3 now and has had it about a year, he enjoys running in and out pretending with the phone", 5.0
"After seeing Zoobs in a classroom, I was determined to buy them for my grandson. Of course, I forgot until the week before Christmas. Was real glad to still be able to get them in time via Amazon - and my grandson loves them. They're more versatile than legos, and just different enought to be fascinating.", 5.0
"Santa brought these for our 4 year old and 2 year old. They love them. They really spark their imaginations and creative sides. My husband and I even like playing with them with the kids... My 2 year old can't quite click the main pieces together without help but he tries and still enjoys them. My four year old builds houses, crowns, necklaces...", 1.0
"I ordered Zoobs at the request of our daughter as a Christmas gift for our almost six-year-old grandson.  He loves to create things from Legos, Lincoln logs, etc., so our daughter was certain he would like Zoobs.  We gave them to him at Christmastime, but I haven't heard a report.", 1.0
"They looked like neat plastic, colorful things with which to build, and I expect Ethan has been enjoying them", 1.0
"my daughter this bed , she loves putting her doll baby to bed at night and it fits her other dolls too, not just the tidoo we purchased to go with it, we are very pleased with this purchase", 1.0
"My daughter was pleased as punch.  She got 900 feet (that's a lot for child sized mittens and scarves!) of yarn and a pretty basket to keep the things neat.  The needles were just fine.  A few other kits at our local shop were going for twice this and didn't have as much yarn and the "baskets" were cheap plastic tubs.  If something is damaged I know we usually exchange the item to the store or call the manufacturer and they're more than happy to replace items.  Also my daughter is seven years old and just entered 1st grade and she had no problems understanding the instructions with a little help from me", 1.0
"We bought this at the Thomas visiting train event for $6.95. I like the colorforms over regular stickers, as they are much more durable in the hands of my 2yo. My 3yo is thrilled that so many trains were included in the set. However, for the 1-inch thick box, all you get for sticking these on is the picture on the cover. Once all the tracks were occupied, my son started started sending the trains to the Great Scrap Heap In The Sky. Either that, or they sprouted invisible wings.", 1.0
"For this to be a truly good product, the background should have been 1) oriented the other way, and 2) should have had at least three other backgrounds - the docks, Tidmouth Sheds, or some other locations.", 4.0
"Once again, I am disappointed by the Thomas merchandising machine", 5.0
"I love that they came up with a Colorform set for this.  I am disappointed, however, by how expensive it is for what you get.  This set costs almost $10 after shipping.  I found one at our pharmacy for $3.50 a week later!  The stickers don't stick well and you can't get them to stay on the "storage sheet".  The background for the stickers to go on is too small and done "portrait style", when it should be "landscape". This toy is still played with and enjoyed, but I wish I had paid a lot less for it", 5.0
"This is my fifth Force FX lightsaber. Its beautiful but a bit heavy. The sound is very muffled and the hilt it a bit too thick to be accurate. Although its my favorite design, the Luke Skywalker Green lightsaber is much better. Its the brightest and loudest I have out of the Ep.2 and Ep.3 Anakin, Darth Vader, and this Obi Wan. If your a huge Obi Wan fan like myself its great, but if your not on a Star Wars kick when you get it your likely to be a bit disappointed as I was", 4.0
"These new FX Lightsabers are so cool and worth the money!!! (Under $[...]) I play with the lightsaber all the time with my daughter and nephews who use my other FX Lightsaber, YES I own 2 of these GREAT ITEMS!!! The sounds, look, and feel of these Lighsabers are so real and authentic to the movies. When these "Lazer Swords" strike one another the make the exact sounds as they did in the BEST story of all times, The Star Wars Saga 1-6. When I took a picture of myself with my Lightsabers and sent them to my nephews, who are 6 and 11 years old they thought I had gotten them from The Star Wars movie itself, THAT'S HOW REAL THEY LOOK!!! To conlude this review, this item is a great gift for your favorite Star Wars fan and a great purchase for any Rabid Star Wars Fan and it only takes 3, YES count em THREE double A batteries, and you also get a stand that you can mount to the wall and put up and take down your Lightsaber at will!!! How cool is that?!!! If you buy this HAVE FUN BECAUSE I KNOW YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO PUT IT DOWN, I KNOW I CAN'T!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"Bertie is part of the Thomas the Train friends toys.  We gave it to my 2-yr old grandson a few weeks ago. It is well made and holding up to a 2-yr old's playing enthusiasm.  It has been played with daily and has been a safe and durable toy", 4.0
"Only problem with this toy is that both brothers want to play with it at the same time.", 5.0
"This is one of my 2 year old son's favorite characters.  It is a well made toy and has survived being thrown around...or as he says "Bertie Crash!"", 5.0
"My son loves this little bus.  It is well made and a charming wooden toy.  It is a nice addition to the Thomas the Tank Engine set (wood not dye-cast)", 1.0
"Now you can own Bertie the bus, Thomas' loyal friend who has always been there to help. Thomas first met Bertie when he got stuck in the snow. Terence came to rescue Thomas and Bertie came to pick up Thomas' passengers. The next time Thomas and Bertie met, Bertie challenged Thomas to a race. If you haven't seen that story, I will not tell you who won, but you can find that story on a lot of Thomas tapes. The only bad thing about this toy is that it doesn't have any magnets or anything but I guess your child will just have to use his/her imagination", 4.0
"Bertie is nice to have but my son barely plays with it. It won't attach to anything else, no magnets. Like another review says, it doesn't go well on the tracks, even the the road side of the dual purpose tracks.", 4.0
"We recently purchased a road expansion pack for my son's Thomas train layout and Bertie was included.  He's got bright red paint and a pleasant smile, and his road expansion set makes a nice addition to the train set.  My son has several of the Thomas vehicles and they provide him with hours of fun play.  Purchase Bertie or any of the other fine Thomas products for your children.  They will definitely have hours of fun playing with them", 4.0
"My son is in love with trains. Thomas is his favorite show by far, but he'll watch anything with trains, even documentaries. And one of his favorite stories is the race between Thomas and Bertie. So we got him this for Christmas. He loves it. He has a little train mat with tracks and stations on it, so he plays and plays. If you have a Thomas fan, this is sure to be a winner", 2.0
"This game is fabulous! The game comes in a tin so it is easy to keep it in good condition (i.e. no broken box with scattering pieces!). The "bonus disc" has a feature where the narrator reads the questions for younger players, which is wonderful for your 3-6 age group! Adults don't even have to be in the same room to use the "party play" feature on the bonus disc, which makes it great for slumber parties!", 4.0
"This game is also good for adult disney fans! There are some clips from older movies like "The Apple Dumpling gang" and "The Cat from Outer Space" (so yes mom and dad...you do have a chance at winning)!", 4.0
"This game is perfect for the whole family", 5.0
"Great game!", 5.0
"It has all the new Disney Movies and the oldest movies are really old.", 5.0
"Just think the game could be a little bit more tricky but it's reallfy fun, but definitively for 6 yeard old children there are some very difficult questions.", 5.0
"The backgroud music is kind of annoying but you can live with Mute ja,j", 5.0
"I have a very tall 4 year old and an almost 2 year old.  They were constantly fighting over foot room in the big Step 2 wagon.  I broke down and bought this $[...] Radio Flyer Navigator wagon.  After using it for a couple of months now, it was well worth the money.  It is considerably bigger (wider seats, slightly more room for feet) plus a storage seat to boot.   It is a much nicer ride (nicer wheels, longer handle, feels less likely to tip over even with sharp turns).  I use this wagon to cart my kids everywhere, fromt the mall to the museums.  Since this wagon holds up to 150lbs, I figure I'll get another couple of years out of it.  Very much worth the money.", 5.0
"My girlfriend and I purchased this gift as a shower gift for our friend's third child. Although, the baby technically can't use it right away, it will help her and her husband navigate life with three kids at pumpkin patches, amusement parks, fairs, walks, etc. The kids LOVE it and were really excited to explore the cooler compartment under the seats. It wasn't hard for her husband to assemble and is great quality.", 5.0
"My friend and I will likely purchase the shade for the wagon at Christmas time. We know they will get a childhood's worth of use from it and it will help them to create wonderful childhood memories as a family", 4.0
"I purchased this wagon for my soon to be 1 year old Grandson, as a Valentines Day present.  He loves being pulled all over the house as well as outdoors.  I am sure he will get many hours of fun from this wagon.", 5.0
"I purchased this wagon yesterday for my 3-1/2 year old daughter.  I absolutely love it.  She is over 40 inches tall and fits in it comfortably. I love the cup holders and storage area under the back seat. You can take this wagon anywhere and have a place to put snacks or other items.  It is very easy to pull and the handle is longer than most.  The is alot of room for 2 children to sit without constantly kicking each other.  My parents purchased a radio flyer all terrain wood and metal wagon for her for her first Christmas.  Its a great wagon but now she wants to have one to sit in.  It also fits in the back of my van so we will be taking this to parades and for walks from now on", 5.0
"We bought this wagon for our almost 2 year old and at first we loved it.  We bought it for the storage and door, thought it would be easier and she would feel independant.  She did love the door but it would NEVER stay closed, we tried everything.  It would clsoe but as we walked work itself open, our daughter even fell out because it opened as we were walking.  It is a great concept but just didn't work.  We took this back and got the Pathfinder wagon instead", 4.0
"We recently purchased this wagon for our 21 month-old daughter.  She likes riding in it.  I do wish the wagon had a brake on it, though.  That is my only regret", 5.0
"First off, this thing is truly the greatest toy my daughter has ever had. She got it for her first birthday, and loves it. Having said that--how about putting some kind of a brake on this thing? She's just starting to walk, and she's climbing all over it. It would be great if it could stay in one place solidly. Also, why doesn't this one have the safety straps, like the Pathfinder does?", 5.0
"But really, this thing is amazing. I'm more hoping that the company will read this and add some braking system, than trying to discourage parents from buying it. Heck, all I have to do is put a stick under the tire and it holds still just fine, I just think it'd be better with a simple brake. It is a safe, tough, well built wagon. I liked this one best.", 4.0
"When we were looking for wagons I tried so many of them out in the store. I finally settled on this one because I wanted the plastic for durability and the little flip up seats and seat belts because I was not too sure that my 1 year old would sit still to ride in the wagon. I casually mentioned this wagon and described it to my grandparents saying I was putting it on my son's Christmas list.  2 days later my grandpa called and had found the wagon BRAND NEW at a yard sale for $8.00. Can you imagine that!", 5.0
"My son got it as a birthday gift, and it has remained on of his favorite toys ever. He immediately climbed in it and sat down. We wouldn't have to fasten the straps, but we usually do. I like the fact that he can't fall out of the wagon backwards when we go uphill or if I start pulling it too suddenly. The fact that it converts to a flat bottom wagon also is nice for hauling stuff around the garden or laundry from one end of the house to the other.", 5.0
"We typically keep the wagon in our garage, and I had to move it to the side of the car opposite that of the door to the house because every time I would let my son out of the house to get in the car he would climb in the wagon and cry when I got him out. Every chance he gets he pulls it out of its parking spot and wants to go for a ride. The few times I have brought it inside he has played for hours with it- which for a 1 year old is remarkable.", 5.0
"Steering is a little more difficult due to the handle being atached to the wagon and the tires rotating instead of the traditional design, but that just means it is less likely to tip over. It is light and even fit in the trunk of our volkswagen passat along with a lot of luggage and a few other birthday gifts. I was surprised! We will be taking it on trips to the zoo from now on.", 4.0
"Definitely worth the money- it is an investment that should last for years", 5.0
"I bought this wagon for my son this Christmas and he plays with it more than anything else in the house.  Even though he hasn't had a chance to take a ride in it outside, he is loving it.  He pulls it in front of the TV to watch movies and he is especially fond of the cup holders.  I think that this would make the perfect gift for any child.  Plus, if I am wanting to do a quick clean up of his toys it has a storage area in the seat that he is more than happy to keep filled", 5.0
"They love to assemble new variations each day. It is truly one of the best buys for them. I am sure it will help them now and in the future to develope concepts and assemble them.I had tinkertoys in my youth and have always felt it helped me solve practical problems later in life", 5.0
"My 4 year old grandson loves the Tinker Toys.  It will occupy him forever", 5.0
"Brilliant. Simple, easy to use creatively, encourages practice with spatial relations and engineering.. My (currently four year old) son plays with his Tinker Toys all the time. He never seems to get sick of these", 5.0
"My six year-old received this for his birthday and hasn't given it a second glance.  But he was the same with Lincoln Logs a while back and now loves them.  So I haven't given up hope yet", 5.0
"a good toy for inspiring the constructive minds of your toddler but some of the longer wood sticks broke off easily..", 5.0
"I purchased the wooden version of this toy over the plastic version because I thought the wooden would be more durable.  I cannot speak for the plastic set, but the wooden set is certainly not made the way it was when I was a child.", 5.0
"I bought this for a Christmas present, and a month later many of the parts are damaged.", 5.0
"Many of the ends of the rods have cracked off.  A few rods broke when I was playing with my two daughters, so I know the breakage occured during average and gentle play.", 4.0
"I was very disapointed in the overall quality. This is another classic toy that is now being produced overseas, and is not the toy it once was.", 4.0
"Feeling nostalgic and romanticizing the educational value of *classic* toys, I decided to buy this one for my 4 yr old son for Christmas.  At the same time, my SIL bought him a "Kid K'Nex Roll and Go Pal."  I was dissapointed that she purchased a competing toy so I defiantly broke out the Tinker Toy first.  Both of my children were quickly bored.  The wood pieces were very stiff and hard to fit together and, well . . . I'm not sure how to describe this but, the various pieces don't make any sense.  It's as if someone took a bunch of different shaped objects and threw them into a can.  They don't relate together in any meaningful way.  I couldn't think of ANYTHING interesting to build and neither could my kids So, we moved onto the K'Nex and the kids have been playing with it ever since.  They have made some of the funniest things I've ever seen.  As much as I hate to admit it, there are just better toys out there than this one these days", 4.0
"I bought a set of tinkertoys for my 6 year old son.  Unfortunately, since there are no detailed, step by step isntructions, we found it too frustrating to reproduce some of the elaborate creations pictured on the container.  We also broke several pieces in the first few hours.  Maybe I'm just spoiled with K'Nex, and the very detailed instructions they come with.  Maybe for some kids who just want to use their imagination to build their own creations, this would be a good toy.  My son really wanted to build the creations pictured on the container, so this toy did not work for us, so we returned it", 5.0
"I purchased a tinkertoy set for my grandaughter for Christmas. After only a half hour of play we had 3 broken pieces. By the next day we had six. This was not rough or unsupervised play. I contacted Hasbro and they will replace the 6 pieces. What a disappointment. They must not be using the same wood to make the most recent sets", 4.0
"Our Nephew is very in to the Cars movie and toys.  We bought the King car and two others for him.  I love this part, we had them sent to him since we would not be with him for Christmas.  When the packages arrived, his mother gave him the boxes and said they were from us for Christmas, he shook the first box and is began to rattle because of the car inside it.  He then went to the other two boxes and shook them too.  His mom asked if he wanted to open the boxes and he said no that would break them.  He thought the shaking boxes were his present", 4.0
"My nephew has this car.  While it's pretty simple, it is a really neat toy.  The car looks way cool.  When you shake it, the engine starts up, then Richard Petty talks to you and the car takes off.  The review says it goes up to 20 feet, but I think it will go further.  It went well even on carpet.  This is easy enough for a 3 year old to work, but it also would be good for any fan of Richard Petty.  How often do ya find a running Superbird these days", 5.0
"Bought this as a gift. It was well liked. A game of intellectual challenge which is great for people who like to play game like chess. The game was good quality and what I expected. I like that it folds up for easy storage.", 5.0
"When I first purchased this board, my expectations were high, however what I was met with left me in absolute disappointment. For avid Go Players, this is not the board for you. Although if you were a real avid Go Player you would have purchased the 7000 Dollar Kaya Board, however my budget doesn't allow it. This board's workmanship is done quite well, and no matter how you play it, Go is Go, Online, on the board, on paper, etc. Now to the heart of the matter, the major problem with this particular brand of board, is the size. The stones are also poor, but you do not expect top quality stones for as cheap as this board is. However, the boards size, which is incredibly to small doesn't allow you to use other brands of stones if you've purchased them. So you are stuck with a tiny board, and terrible tiny plastic stones that are lighter than a feather. The playing experience isn't pleasant and one false move will scatter the pieces everywhere and you can say goodbye to that game. My advice: do not purchase this board unless you are a beginner and unable to get anything else, but even then I think a beginner would have a greater experience by playing on paper, with adequate Ing Stones. Or perhaps play online. Overall, this board is terrible", 5.0
"We are doing a research on poeple who have turned to the dark side!", 5.0
"Do you feel evil?", 4.0
"Does the vision of your neighboor in a heap of robes amuse you?", 4.0
"Are you balling your eyes out every day like anakin?", 4.0
"Do you tend to do bad things on STAR WARS KOTOR 1&2?", 1.0
"Do you want this lightsaber?", 4.0
"Do you crave spicy cheese on nachos?", 1.0
"Do you put hot sauce on every thing; Spaghetti-o's to chicken?", 4.0
"If you said yes to any of these questions, then you might be a sith! Every Sith needs a light saber! Do you feel all classic? A single blader is for you! Feel like Revan? Wanna do things quickly so you can make your way to the kitchen within 60 seconds? Two single bladers are for you! No? Then you are HOPELESS! Wait... A NEW KIND?! You hopless people are now hopeful!", 4.0
"Wanna do 360's with a light saber, act like a gymnastic, and cut things open so their guts spill out like smoked sausage! Follow Exar Kun, Bastila", 4.0
"Shan, Darth Maul and other people with a double bladed light saber.", 4.0
"Do not strike things with this saber. THEY WILL DO NOTHING except brake your light saber!!!!!!!!!!!", 4.0
"Covered many topics that my 3rd grader is covering in school.  It makes learning them fun and reinforces some very important skills.", 5.0
"On "Let's make a sentence" the subject and predicate are color coded. My son matches the colors and doesn't read them to make a sentence. On level 2 you make a sentence and it is timed. He just hits the colors. On the "Wacky Word Race" the parts of speech are also color coded. He just matches the colors and doesn't read the words. It would be more challenging if they were not color coded. It is not cheat proof", 5.0
"My 3 year old daughter was given a wedgits set for Christmas and everyone played with it!  Its a great toy that helps kids create spatial development and also helps them follow patterns.  It is also a fun toy  to play with together as a family.  I would definitely encourage people to give this toy as a gift", 4.0
"We purchased the Deluxe set for my 3 year old for Christmas.  He absolutely loves them and so does my seven year old.  In all honesty...you almost need two Deluxe sets to really get creative", 4.0
"This is a great toy for a child who enjoys stacking things.  You can also expand the collection as your child advances his/her skill.  Highly recommended", 5.0
"I bought this for my 4 year old grandson and he loves it---the problem is, his 8 and 12 year old sisters do too.  The blocks are so different from all their others, and the figures on the box are easy to replicate, even for the 4 year old", 5.0
"We bought this particular set as present for a three year old.  We have bigger Wedgits set for my 5 year old and she loves it. This set is a great starter for you super smart todler.  Even if their little hands are not steady this set is very easy to balance.  Peases of piramid could be put on vertically as well.  Designs can go from very simple to a very elaborate and captivate the whole family.", 5.0
"We love it :", 5.0
"I love them so does my daughter.", 5.0
"It keeps us both thinking out of the box and entertained for hours.", 5.0
"i bought this Deluxe Set for my 6-year-old son. he enjoys it a lot, played with it hours every day. my 3-year also are able to build sth interesting from it. execellent open-ending toys to inspire imagination, suitable for wide age range... strongly recommanded and plan to buy more wedgits se", 4.0
"I bought the wedgits deluxe set for my preschool.  I actually purchased 2 for different rooms and they are always being used.  The children are very creative with them making a variety of different patterns and not even bothering with the book.  These are durable and of great interest. I recommend them", 5.0
"After Christmas our house was swamped with toys so we decided to invest in a toybox.  After looking around online, I decided that this would be the best to meet our needs.  It arrived in about a week with the free shipping.  It came in the manufacturer's box.  It was so easy to assemble, I did it by myself in about 15 minutes with just a screw driver.  The inside is one piece which I was confused about when reading the description.  It is almost like a giant canvas bag that attaches to the frame consisting of metal rods that screw into the two plastic sides.  It is very sturdy and holds ALL of our toys.  It is kind of on the larger side if you are worried about space.  I would say that it is bigger than the average coffee table.  The top does not stay attached but it does rest in the grooves and can stay open.  I like the idea that it can be removed when in use and put back on when company comes over.  My daugher is 19 months and she can't quite reach to the bottom to grab all of her toys so some assistance is needed on my behalf.  I also love the pockets on the side.  I store her favorite books in them.  All in all, this is a great toybox and the price is fantastic.  Highly recommend", 4.0
"I love these 2 sets of clothes for Ken!  Wow!  There are two outfits for the office:  (1) white shirt, red tie, black pants, black loafers and (2) light blue and white striped shirt , burgundy tie and khaki pants and black loafers.  The other two pairs of footwear are blue sandals and white sandals suitable for the beach and hot weather.  The other six outfits are casual outfits in cheery colorful designs.  Two of the casual tops even have the words "Ken Sport" like a logo.  The other two casual tops have the initial "K".  It's fun to dress Ken in these new cute outfits", 1.0
"Its no wonder Barbie dumped Ken for Blaine....look at this sad line of clothing that Ken has to wear!! All the bright colors and terrible style, Ken looks like he is stuck in the Eighties! Maybe if Mattel took sometime to update Ken's fashion since Barbie would come back to him! Oh and also I think Ken needs some good arms like Blaine so he can hold her!", 5.0
"We looked long and hard both online and in stores for a table that our daughter could use for a number of years to come.  She is a tall 6 year old with two older brothers (8 and 9).  After finding this table online, we waited before ordering.  &#60;br /&#62;", 5.0
"&#60;br /&#62;", 5.0
"Now that we have the table, we like it very much.  It is extremely sturdy and has a nice paint finish.  My daugher is thrilled with the drawer.  &#60;br /&#62;", 4.0
"&#60;br /&#62;", 5.0
"We also purchased 4 of the Brighton chairs in various colors.  This set fits all three of our children and they enjoy playing kitchen or eating lunch together.  We recommend this table and think that it may be a piece of furniture that our daughter can hand down to her daughter", 5.0
"the corners of the table look cracked like the table was dropped. I asked for an exchange, but didn't get a reply. Don't know if I'm getting a new table or not and I know I only have thirty days to exchange. The chairs came with imperfections, but I'm willing to live with those. This table and chairs look beautiful in the room and will serve her for many years because it is not small. I like the draw for her pencils, papers and crayons", 4.0
"Loved this game when a friend first brought it over, so I had to buy one, too.  The rules are simple, it does not require knowledge of facts or trivia and creates lots of laughter", 5.0
"I bought this game for my 12 year old daughter.  It's alot of fun to play with a group.  Everyone has to answer questions about each other and the most popular answer wins.  It's a great way to find out what everyone realy thinks about you - but in a fun way!  For example.  Imagine If _____ was a cookie what kind would she be.", 5.0
"I love this game and would suggest it for any family gathering.  It is possible to suggest a poor answer just to make a point to that ulltra-conservitive sister or that free spirit brother who needs to get a job. A great way to unite two families or a holiday event that would otherwise drag on. Put the kids to bed and invite their friends.  I don't want to tell you more as if I was to be a reviewer of something what would I review?  Then every one guesses. Accounting statements?  Books?  Pornorgraphic movies?  Then I select the one I like the best. The play continues.  Trust me and keep the kids away if you are really having fun", 5.0
"Imagine if you were a cat, would you... 1.) nap all day 2.) bring your owner dead mice 3.) be a scaredy cat 4.) constantly cough up hairballs.", 5.0
"You know what you would do, but perhaps everyone else thinks differently of you, and unfortunately, the majority rules.", 5.0
"We loved this game.  In this game you write names on a board with a dry erase marker.  As each person rolls the die they move around the board landing on certain names and then reading the "Imaginiff" question about that person.  The names you all choose to write on the board can be those of the people playing, people you all know who are not there, or even famous people, it is all up to you.  In fact, that aspect of the game makes the game virtually brand new every time you play it.", 5.0
"We had many laughs finding out what we all thought of each other.  Don't have thin skin though because you might just leave with a bitter taste in your mouth", 5.0
"This game came highly recommended as entertaining for a broad sweep of ages and a good "ice-breaker" game. We tried playing it with an 9 yr old and he was clueless about many of the descriptions. Spending time explaing them was tiring and not fun. If you don't already know one another, you're stricly guessing about their personality and there's not real payoff to be right. If you DO know the others, you'll find yourself walking a fine line between funny and hurt feelings. We LOVE Balderdash and Wise and Otherwise. Imaginiff is not a player among this group. I'd return it if I could", 5.0
"This game is a winner, especially for those who shy away from solo performance (as required in Pictionary or Charades, for example) and intense competitive aspects of other games. Imaginiff requires insight and attention to the personalities of other players and invites interesting conversation about how we perceive one another. Many of the questions are hilarious and clever. A great family or party game", 5.0
"My mother-in-law sent this for my son this Christmas and it is such a hit.  Definitely a toy for the thinking child.  My son is 9 and although I do have to minorly assist him, he is absorbing everything.  Products used in the experiments are replaceable with common household items--such a plus for us because once is never enough.  This product seems extremely durable, too, with holders for all the tubes, beakers, etc.  I did see that the guide was age-inappropriate (i.e.  Why does my child need to know that so-and-so was an exotic dancer before coming on the squad?), so I had to give it an overall 4.  I hate to do that, but this is a toy.", 5.0
"I bought this toy because I wish to be a DNA analyst/CSI when I grow up. It is alot of fun, and I have learned alot from it so far. I love it! I'm Greg Sanders in training. =D", 5.0
"My daughter recieved this for christmas and she loves it. She is four and a half and has no problems using it. I like that you can control the volume so it is not too loud. The headphones fit great too! Great portable cd player for kids", 5.0
"This twin set is beautiful, and the faces are adorable.  The quality is nice, and the clothing is well made and easy to remove.  I ordered it through ToysRUs and it came very quickly.", 5.0
"I received the wrong item.  It was supposed to be a Christmas present for my little girl and I had to hurry and find this item at another store.  The company still has not sent me a call ticket for UPS to come and pick it up so I can receive a refund after many emails.  I will not be purchasing from this company ever again", 5.0
"These dolls are great! My daughter and 2 nieces always want to play with these dolls over all the other dolls. We have  sets to be sure there are enough to go around.", 5.0
"They are snuggly and small enough for them to carry around. I personally love that the clothes don't come off! I tire of hunting down doll socks and with these I don't have to!", 5.0
"Great dolls", 5.0
"She loves them! They are so cute and cuddly! They go everywhere with us and they always have to have their bottles ;) They are a must for any little girl who loves baby dolls", 4.0
"As of yet, I have not bought this toy, but am going to buy it for my daughter this year.  I believe that Leira misunderstood the caps.  They are for newborns to keep their heads warm after they are born.  If you go to most hospitals, the babies are given caps similar to this one.  In most cases, identical.  Therefore, the caps that you have created for them are correct concidering the age of the babies.", 5.0
"I have 6 kids and the 5 that are old enough to play with these babies LOVE them. The boys (3,5,and 7) and the girls (2 and 5) all play with them day in and day out. They go everywhere. Right now we only have 2 babies and the care center. There is a bit of fighting for them, so for Christmas I am buying the checkup center with baby and additional babies so there is enough to go around. These are one of their favorite things to play with and they are worth more than the cost! When my 2 month old daughter was born it was great to see my 7 year old son wrapping up one of the babies and mimicing me. I love to see that my boys are learning to be loving and nurturing as well as my girls. My only wish is that in addition to the girl/boy twins they offer, they should offer boy/boy twins", 4.0
"i just wanted to see if a person got it because i am geting the toy and it looks cute and i just love babydolls there the only thing i like the best at of all the toys and i am growing up im telling you i love baby dolls please say this toy is good please please please ?  if you have any info about this toy contact me at [...]thanks everybody i love you all...", 5.0
"This is a great replica! Purchased for halloween! Very thick medallion, but the chain isn't the greatest! Lost the clasp on the way to a halloween party (let me tell you the drama!) Just watch out for it! Make sure you try to reinforce the clips before you put it on a child", 5.0
"I gave this to my latest friend and it's so effective as I expected", 1.0
"I finally have a piece from a film that makes me feel a part of the film and cannot believe how wonderful the necklace i", 5.0
"This is my favorite Christmas prezent of ALL TIME!!!  I think the reason this is always soo rare is because no one can get enough of it!  Even at a high price it still fills joy in the eyes to just lay them apon it!  I luv it soo much, my second favourite item after my autographed pic of Orlando Bloom that he, himself sent me!!", 5.0
"I purchased this product for my 11 year old daughter. I thought that she might be too old for this when she mentioned it. She has had hours of fun with this. It's a good produc", 4.0
"I bought this toy for my 3-year-old daughter who is obsessed with cutting hair.  I am happy with the purchase.  The inside chamber is easy for my daughter to fill, and she can easily switch the scalp attachments by herself.  She occasionally needs my help to attach the person to the base.  Right now she is too young to use the press molds for hairbows, mustaches, etc., but as she gets older I think she will enjoy them.  My only complaint is that the pink lever/stand does not click firmly into the larger yellow base that holds the accessories.  They frequently come apart.  A minor problem but annoying nonetheless", 5.0
"My three and seven year old daughters have been playing with this toy for over an hour now.  The three hair pieces that came with our set slide right onto the head with ease (we do not have the problem that the last reviewer had).  I do, however, have to help set the little figure back on the base after the play doh is filled in; if it is not set in properly the play doh will not come out correctly.  I am happy with this purchase, especially since the set currently comes with a free set of multi-colored play doh.", 4.0
"I bought this for our three-year old daughter. This product is not made for a three-year old as the headpieces do not fit properly into the actual head.  My daughter became frustrated trying to play with this toy so her 10-year brother tried to help her out.  He couldn't even get the head pieces to fit.  You have to force the piece into the head by squeezing the plastic and forcing it in.  Decided to throw the whole thing away after my finger was pinched between the forehead and the headpiece.  Again, Don't waste your money", 4.0
"My Son got the mini golf for Christmas, What a Blast.  All 3 of my children love this game.  My oldest, 7, is really good, she beats me.  My 5year loves it and so does my 4 year old.  Very easy to play, no little toys, and so much fun.  My kids have played this toy everyday since Christmas.  Perfect!!!!!!", 5.0
"I purchased this from Toys R Us after reading the reviews here on Amazon (I could not purchase through Amazon). Our boys (21, 16, 11 and 4) are having a blast. The other choice was Golden Tee which I also wanted to purchase but quickly changed my mind after reading the Amazon reviews. This was a great gift for the price I paid, which was less than $20, and the graphics aren't bad either!!  I'm extremely pleased.", 5.0
"What a great toy!!!  With three boys they all took turns playing.  The different courses kept them busy for awhile.", 4.0
"great idea!!", 4.0
"What a great idea. This game is a lot of fun. My 6 year old got it for his birthday. It takes a bit of coordination to accomplish the goal of getting the ball in the hole. With a little practice he has become quite good at it.", 4.0
"The way it works is you swing the golf club over top of the ball sensor. On the TV your swing is captured in the game and directs your ball. You can control how hard you swing and where you aim.", 5.0
"It seems that this game is more frustrating for some kids. When my son's friends came over to play some of them picked it up quickly and others got frustrated with it.", 5.0
"Overall, with some practice this has become a fun game in our family", 4.0
"My 6 year old son got this for his birthday and it was the first toy he wanted to play with, so once his guests had left we set it up and started playing.  It comes with six different themed 9-hole courses, and we played all six once, and they were all fun in their own way with unique obstacles. The lowest score for each course gets saved and that player gets to input his name for future bragging rights.", 4.0
"The design of the toy is unique. You aim by turning a dial on top of the toy, and you can use the club as a long-handled lever so you don't need to bend over between strokes. Once your shot is set up you swing the club over the "golf ball" part of the toy, and how fast you swing determines the on-screen speed of your putt.", 4.0
"Unfortunately my son managed to whack the toy several times during our evening's play, and when we set it up this morning for another round he hit the toy a couple more times.  The problem was compounded because while in real golf you watch the ball with the intention of actually hitting it, with this game you feel compelled to watch the on-screen action while swinging above the ball.", 4.0
"Our game this morning ended when the on-screen picture started to flicker and the toy finally froze on the 9th hole; freezing much the same way your Windows computer locks up. Turning the toy off & on resolved the problem but on our next game we got just 4 holes in when the problem returned and the game froze once again.", 4.0
"While I'll acknowledge that the toy did take several good whacks from my son, I'd expect more from a toy that the designers should have anticipated would get hit, and hit frequently.", 1.0
"We'll return this to our local Toy Store and exchange it, perhaps we just got a faulty toy. We'll know within a couple of days if the problem was just that we got a faulty toy, or if M&B dropped the ball on this one", 1.0
"We bought this item 5 years ago while my son was only 1-1/2 years old, by then he couldn't reach the pedal but wanted to ride on it so bad, since I'm petite (102 lbs.) I drove it around our yard together with my son. It is great! Now my son is already 6 years old and had a little sister (2 years old) they are having fun driving it together. My yard is not smooth, it is gravel driveway but I can say this Gator surpassed my expectation! I noticed the plastic wheels kept spinning on uphill surface but just a little push it works, other than that my son loves driving it in our dirt round-about and it runs fine", 5.0
"Unless you have a perfectly flat yard with golf-course grade grass and absolutely no twigs, leaves, pinecones, moisture, or variations in ground level, this thing won't go.  On flat concrete it seems to do OK.  In the yard, however, we are forever PUSHING this thing around because it cannot go on it's own.  The wheels are constantly spinning out.  We bought it as a 3rd birthday gift for my son.  Obviously, he would like to ride it, but we hardly ever use it because my husband and I hate walking behind him and pushing!  We thought we had purchased a great thing after all the reviews.  We were wanting him to have fun and help us with yard work by hauling sticks/leaves/pinecones around.  How wrong we were.  It was fairly easy step-by-step assembly.  We have had no breakage or charging problems, but we don't use it very often because of the major traction problem.  It does seem to stay charged quite awhile even after long amounts of time in storage.  We bought this after a lot of research.  These people who think this thing is so great must have flat concrete yards.  I have never spent so much money and been so disappointed.", 5.0
"As Christmas approaches, I thought I would give the counter argument to all of these wonderful reviews about the Gator.  I received the gift for my two boys (aged 3 and 5 at the time)2 years ago.  Initially the Gator was great.  Apart from major traction issues (it is terrible with any type of moistrue on the grass), the guys loved it, and it worked well.  After 3-4 months, it began to fail.  The gear box started to slip.  The windshield cracked clean off.  The seat adjusters lost their screws.  And a bunch of other stuff.  It is a very fragile toy, and that needs to be taken into account for anyone purchasing this for good, hearty kids that like to have a good time, but can be extremely rough on toys.  In general, I am a fan of Peg Perego, so that makes this even a greater dissapointment.  At the price, I would look elsewhere", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old in March. After reading all the reviews i figured i was either going to get a lemon or not and i did not.  This thing has been run into fences, swingsets, gas meters, the house, sand boxes, trees you name it my kids have pretty much ran into it and im not just talking head on either they have run into poles with the axle and nothing has gone wrong.  The battery lasts atleast an hour and a half with around 100 lbs. (3 kids) in it that is riding on a so so slope.  My son weights around 40 lbs. and started having problems getting started on a hill because he doesnt have enough weight in the back but figured that if he put it on fast he can get going.  The one thing i didnt like was peg perego's website makes it look like the seat slides but you have to take some bolts off to move it, also the instructions is like everyone says took me little over an hour to put together i think the reason is mostly because they are only pictures no words.  The fact that this can hold up to 130 lbs. is amazing my children will be able to use this for years.  My daughter (2 years old) is starting to drive this now instead of her little 4 wheeler.  We have been thinking of getting something else from peg perego for her.  Cant really think of anything else im sure im forgetting stuff but i hope this helps with your decision.  I never had to contact customer support but from the sounds of it from other reviewers they seem pretty good", 4.0
"My son received this Gator for Christmas a few years ago. It has provided hours of fun for him and his friends, but I am still disappointed...", 5.0
"1) Tires have lousy traction - slip on grass, snow and dirt", 5.0
"2) Battery is a PAIN to get in and out for charging...the compartment is WAY too small to make this a simple task...it takes about 5-10 minutes, if you put the bar back in too.", 5.0
"3) FRAGILE!!! Totally NOT durable! The windshield snapped clean off, one of the clips on the front grill where you need to change the battery also snapped off, the reverse function broke and we had to order a new part for my husband to fix it...and once it was fixed, a week later the gears totally stripped!", 5.0
"I was pretty happy with this toy until my friend got the Power Wheels Grave Digger for her son. The battery pops in and out in 2 seconds, has a charge indicator in the dash of the toy, runs AWESOME on even wet grass, and has more pep than the tractor with 2 kids in it. I'm shopping right now for another ride-on for our son, and I'm going to stick with Power Wheels this time", 5.0
"I'm jealous!  Why didn't we have great ride on toys like this when I was young?  We've had this for 3 years and it is still in great shape, runs well, and my daughter has a blast in it", 5.0
"My 4 1/2 year old son got this for his 3rd birthday and it is still going strong! Even after his uncle put a tow hitch on it and he tows any thing he can, including his sister's Barbie Jeep. He "4x4"'s, slams into things and is just generally very hard on it! Compared to his sister's jeep & cousin's ride on toys, the turning radius is the best I have seen, the two front seats are quite roomy and the battery holds better than I expected. It rides on pavement, gravel and grass with ease and with a running start can make it up some decent grassy hills.", 5.0
"It is well worth the extra money. The only con I could find is that it isn't big enough for me to drive!", 5.0
"I bought this doll because my son's name is Aidan. For me, it's just a keep sake for me, and I love it.", 5.0
"The doll looks very princely and his arms can bend, which is great.  That helps my kids put his clothes on.", 1.0
"THIS IS AN AWESOME DOLL, AND THE SHIPPING WAS FASTER THAN LIGHTENING. WE ORDERED THIS ON A SUNDAY AND GOT IT ON TUESDAY, WOW! MY 5 YEAR OLD JUST LOVES THIS DOLL. SHE PLAYS WITH THIS AND THE PEACH, LAVANDER AND PINK KELLY DOLL AND PONY WITH HER PEGASUS CLOUS CASTLE. PRINCE AIDAN COMPLETED HER SET WITH BARBIE AND PEGASU", 4.0
"Okay, his lips could use some work.  They look a little feminine.  But, really, it is just a doll.  When he kisses Barbie, no saliva will be exchanged.  Get over it.  Buy it or don't.  Y'all need a bit of "ching, ching, ching...peace.....", 5.0
"My daughter was really keen for this doll and eventually I relented and bought it. It has proven extremely disapppointing.", 5.0
"The expression on the face is quite inane, and it has been quickly relegated to being used as a bit of a patsy toy. the character in Pegasus is flawed, but he isn't stupid.", 5.0
"I was annoyed with the crown, he wasn't, after all a Prince - he may have become one, but not during the movie so why put a crown on his head? My daughter really wanted ice skates for him as that is one of the key features of this movie. None of these characters come with skates it seems, yet there is a huge ice skating scene at the start, at least twice in the movie and a lovely double one at the end.", 5.0
"I really like that the manufacturers have tried to make the expressions smiling and pleasant however I can't recall Aiden doing it once in the movie. Seems it was designed independently from the movie and without reference to it in looks.", 5.0
"On the plus side, the costume stuff is all right and can be used with other dolls. it all seems to be very well sewn and hardwearing", 5.0
"Aaaghhhh! My eyes! That has got to be the scariest looking guy mattel has ever come up with! His outfit is great, but honestly, I shuddered when I first saw his face", 5.0
"My husband and I recently purchased this item for our 3-year old daughter, although the toy is recommended for ages 4 and up.  Be advised that if your little one is prone to sticking small objects in his or her mouth or if there is a baby in the house then I would probably pass on this product.  The pack includes small, button-size "click-in controllers" which can be a choking hazard.  In my opinion, the real fun in this toy comes from the rocketpack itself so the small pieces can always be stored away from smaller children.", 5.0
"Our daughter could not get enough out of her new rocketpack.  She even wore it when she brushed her teeth (well, we did pretend earlier that our bathroom was the moon)!  That is another reason I highly recommend this toy because it helps the child use their imagination to the fullest.  The pack also includes an activity card with space mission activities which helps aid in their imaginative play.  The rocketpack is very durable and has a good amount of storage space.  It has even been useful outside of the house. Instead of putting her newly found "treasures" (a.k.a rocks and flowers) into Mommy's pockets, my daughter now has a place for them in her backpack. It's so much fun for our daughter, yet still practical.  Your little one can pretend to zoom into space no matter where they are with the Turbo Rocketpack", 4.0
"The toy looked like it would be made of wood, but it was made from cheap plastic", 5.0
"Cute Fun and Educational what more could you ask from a toy", 5.0
"We bought this for our son when he was about 18 months. It only frustrated him that he could not put the blocks together correctly in order to make the animal sounds. So we shelved it. Then at 2 years old, he rediscovered it and loves it! He is so proud that he is able to manipulate the blocks in order to create sound. This is a toy that rewards fine motor skills. And at 2, he is very interested in the various animals & their sounds.", 5.0
"This is a very high quality toy and I am surprised at some of the negative reviews here. My son has beaten the heck out of these blocks and they are still working just fine.", 5.0
"We love this one so much that we just purchased the similar "Transportation" sound blocks - also by Melissa and Doug.", 5.0
"Hope this helps,", 5.0
"Jod", 4.0
"We buy lots of Melissa & Doug toys and puzzles, but this one was really pretty "cheesy" and definitely not worth the $$.  The first one we received was also defective/didn't work.  I've seen much better versions so I would shop around", 5.0
"Great educational puzzle for young children.  This is the only toy with batteries that we have in our house.  This puzzle is sometimes used in evaluating kids", 5.0
"My son received these for Christmas and his  1st Birthday. He loves it when he matches up the animals or vehicles and makes them make the sounds.  He hasn't mastered it but has more fun with it.  And now that he's 2 1/2 he's even more interested in how it works.  Although a word of caution.  When he was teething he thought these blocks were great to scrape his gums on.  Which would have been fine because they are smooth but they have the little rubber dots to contend with.  He managed to pop off one and now the ambulance doesn't sound.  And he did not swollow the dot (which is easy to have happen).  But these are essential cause and effect toys that all children will love.  We gave our neice the farm set and she still plays with it daily.  Great toy but another little thing to remember with the rubber dots...supervise and count the dots", 4.0
"I bought this for my boyfriend as he is an avid fan of playing Golden Tee for countless hours at the bar. The actual joystick and game are very similar to the bar version, although the graphics are somewhat reminiscent of Nintendo circa 1990. Regardless, a fun, well priced way to simulate the game in your own home", 4.0
"I picked this up as I hadn't played golden tee in years, and thought it was a worthwhile 35 bucks. I got it home, played it, enjoyed it with a few people, and still enjoy it with a few people. However, you will get very bored with this, very fast. The game, while the graphics don't really deter me... there is not much differentiation in power levels. Also... if you slice or hook the ball, the game allows you to hit 475+ yard drives consistantly. That may sound amazing, but it gets really boring when you finish a round -24.", 5.0
"The trackball is very stiff, and extremely easy to gain full power on. The problem is that this game requires very little finess. It's hit it as hard as you can with the right club.", 5.0
"There is only one course, and after you play it with your buddies twice you are bored with it. IT isn't the real golden tee, but hey.. it is 40 bucks. I've bought video games for much more than that with less staying power.", 5.0
"If you are a golden tee fanatic, you will probably not enjoy this game. IF you take it as a game away from the real golden tee, then you will enjoy it. Don't expect to be playing this every day, or spending hours and hours mastering it.", 4.0
"This game is worth having around, but it is nothing spectacular", 5.0
"I bought this from Target and wish I hadn't now.  The images on the box are deceiving.  I think Atari or orginal Nintendo may have had better graphics than this!  It's not even close to the game you'd play at the local tavern or bowling alley.  What a waste of money, hope you don't waste yours on this too because you will be GREATLY disappointed", 4.0
"This is sad. A game that had a ton of potential (who doesn't want to play Golden Tee at home?) yet is sorely lacking. I can't believe the Golden Tee people put their brand name to this. Hope someone at the company made a buck off this lousy game cause they sure cheapened their name with this junk.", 4.0
"The fact that this game runs off batteries should be a warning sign. It's just plain weak. Complaints: The graphics are lousy, there's only one course, putting looks/plays awful, the trackball is bad, the whole interface is slow, the sound effects seem to be from the era of Pong. It's really really that bad.", 5.0
"I don't know why they made this game. Golden Tee has such a cult following that they could have probably charged 100+ bucks for a real trackball console with a bit of memory and a choice of courses w/ good graphics. Something that replicated the full-size game. And I bet people would have bought it, too. Now nobody will trust them when/if they ever do that.", 4.0
"[...] I don't even like video games but I was excited by the prospect of this thing. And it totally let me down. I'd give it zero stars if possible", 4.0
"I WROTE A REVIEW FOR THIS GAME ON TARGET.COM, BUT I JUST WANTED TO ADD ONE MORE NOTE TO MY REVIEW, OR MORESO, THE IMAGE THAT YOU SEE IN THIS AD.  LOOK AT THE SCREEN ON THE TV, THIS IS NOT, I REPEAT, NOT!!!! WHAT THE GAME LOOKS LIKE.  I CONTACTED TARGET.COM TO LET THEM KNOW THAT WHAT THEY ARE DOING IS FALSE ADVERTISING AND THEY RETURNED MY SHIPPING COST IMMEDIATELY.  BUT NONETHELESS, DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE SCREENSHOT, IT IS FROM THE REAL ARCADE GAME, NOT THE PLUG-N-PLAY YOU ARE LOOKING TO BUY.  LIKE THE OTHER REVIEW, I AGREE WITH EVERYTHING!  GO TO THE BAR AND PLAY THE REAL GAME AND SAVE YOUR MONEY, FRUSTRATION, DISAPPOINTMENT, AND THE GAS MONEY TO GO RETURN THE GAME THE NEXT DAY.  TRUST ME, YOU WILL", 5.0
"I had been looking forward to this game for quite some time.  I was so happy to finally get the game.  After installing the 4 batteries I hooked the game up to my TV and was disappointed before I even started playing.  The graphics were horrible and the screen was shaky.  Besides the look of the control panel this is nothing like the real game you find in the bars.  I am surprised Incredible Technologies was willing to put their name on this product.  The trackball is a joke.  It barely spins and you can't get any power on your shots.  You never see the golfer like you do in the real game and when you are putting you can't adjust for hill, terrain, or anything else.  Putting is too easy.  There is no way to miss.  Driving and fairway shots are unreliable because the weak trackball doesn't respond to what you intend to do.  I don't have the money or the room in my place to buy the arcade version so I figured this would be a good substitute.  Boy was I wrong.  There is no course selection and the course you do play is absolutely boring.  I am going to return this unit tomorrow.  It is way too frustrating and there is no way to get any enjoyment from this game.  I think I am going to head to the bar now, play the real game, and drink until the memory of this cheap imitation is long gone.", 4.0
"As I side note: I wish you could give a product 0 stars.  It doesn't seem fair that 1 star is the lowest you can go.  One star gives this product way too much credit", 5.0
"this is a really fun piece. bought it for my 6 month old, but my 3 year old is also playing with it. another plus is that it looks nice. the stickers on the wheels (that you see in the picture) came off but i glued them back on. it seems like a sturdy piece. i am happy with this purchase and would recommend it to others", 2.0
"My 2 year old loves this!  It is a great toy for taking long car rides.  He received this as a gift last year but he did not actually start to play with it until recently.  Mom and dad like it too because it keeps him occupied in the car, wherever our destination is, and at home.  Nice toy", 5.0
"It was my daughter's favorite gift.  It was probably the least expensive", 1.0
"of all her gifts.  She loves to pretend play..", 5.0
"I got this for my oldest three children ages 11, 8, and 7 as a gift from Santa along with an opening "balance".  The children loved the idea of having to write checks and now when they want something they can write their "bankers"(aka Mom and Dad) a check and we will buy it.  So they are learning that once it's spent its gone, so are trying to decide should they save or spend.  Since they have no actual money its not burning holes in pockets or getting lost.  They are actually thinking about diffrent things and when we say get your check book the re-think the decision about wheather they really want it or not.  I'm hoping it not only keeps them from "borrowing" from one another but make sure they really want what they buy, so it's not stuck in the toy chest within the week.", 4.0
"Would have given more stars but it's to early to tell how this will work in the long run", 4.0
"I bought 2 of these cars for my sister's twin boys. They are both around 4 years old and as you can imagine very hard on toys. I have to say they were VERY excited about this car. With a push of the button on the engine it makes several cool sounds and even if you roll the car forward it makes a "revving" or "peeling out" sound. They really liked this. I was a little concerned about the roof opening for accessing to cockpit. It looked prone to break and I did warn them both which the completely ignored and within an hour both tops were popped off. This is actually designed very well and is very easy to pop the roof back on. Seems it is made for young destructive hands. Overall the car is very sturdy, aesthetically pleasing and a great toy. The only downside to this car is it does not come with a Batman figure. Sad the manufacture makes you go out and find a figure separately. Anyway, I was prepared for this and also bought them two Batman Exp figures which they could easily fit in the car. This car was a real hit with the kids and will receive lots of rough play", 4.0
"My boys (ages 6 and 7 )received this for Christmas and it is awesome!!! It  lights up and makes sounds and you can put your Batman figure in the seatbelted seat! Very Cool. My boys really enjoy playing with this in their Batman world! Can't beat the price. Well worth the money and more!", 1.0
"I adore my Railroad Rush hour, but it has now been taken over by my 7 year old who has discovered he can do the puzzles too. He is up to the intermediate stage and very proud of his problem sovling ability. (As am I) A terrific game to have for relieving boredom, and don't be tricked into thinking it is only for kids[...]", 4.0
"This is a good mental exercise of spatial reasoning.  But that's not all. My 2.5 year old likes to line up the colorful trains. My 4.5 year old likes to set up the board, according to the cards.  I enjoy solving the puzzles, and hope my kids will follow suit some day", 1.0
"Like Rush Hour, Railroad Rush Hour has you "escaping" the traffic jam... this time in the railroad yard, where the traffic can include rail cars and cargo.  Rearrange the pieces to get the engine out.", 4.0
"40 challanges included; nylon bag stores pieces when not in use.  Larger than Rush Hour pieces makes this puzzle easier to handle for eager young solvers.  And with the new pieces, the challanges are all new and different, even for Rush Hour lovers", 4.0
"This is a fabulous game for people of all ages.  Even little kids can play the easy cards.  The harder ones can be very engrossing for adults.  My son started playing it when he was 4 years old. I have also given it to somebody as a present for their 40th birthday.  I recommend it for anybody who wants a bit of a mental challenge", 1.0
"This is a great puzzle game.  Kids learn problem solving and adults practice their own problem solving; all of this brain work is neatly disquised because they are having fun.  I wish that Binary Arts would come out with more card sets for their Railroad game like they have for the Rush Hour game.  I want extra puzzles!  It would make it more rewarding to own", 5.0
"This game is like rush hour except a heck of a lot better.  This game is so much fun.  Me and my family sit around it and try to figure out the puzzles", 5.0
"My son received it for his 9th birthday and it is one of the best presents ever.  It keeps him challanged and he gets such a sense of accomplishment when he completes a puzzle.  It's also great for travel", 5.0
"This is a wonderful game.  For young kids, its better than Binary Arts's regular &quot;Rush Hour&quot; game because it includes some &quot;junior&quot; level cards, but you'll find even 4-5 year olds can do  some of the more advanced puzzles, especially with a bit of help.  I play  this with my kids, so I can help if they get stuck.  This has developed  their problem-solving skills like nothing else, and since they love trains  it's easy to get them to concentrate", 5.0
"My initial reaction was, "this stuff is horrible" but that came after my two-year-old threw it all over the family room.  Of course, it was my fault for thinking I could leave him under the supervision of his four-year-old brother while I changed my clothes.", 5.0
"After the destructive two-year-old went to bed, my four-year-old asked me to play with the Moon Sand with him.  A few minutes later, I realized the stuff really wasn't as bad as I first thought.  Yes, it's messy, no doubt about it.  But on the upside, it vacuums up off of carpeting very, very easily.", 4.0
"Moon Sand is not Play Doh.  You can't roll it out like you can with Play Doh.  And you can't really use cookie cutters to make shapes like you can with Play Doh.  I would suggest getting one of the Moon Sand play sets or making sure you have molds to use with it.  When using molds, you have to pack it in really tight and kind of tap, squeeze, tap to get it out.  And only very gentle pressure will destroy the item you just spent all that time creating -- Moon Sand is very crumbly.", 5.0
"I did find it almost therapeutic squeezing it into a big lump then breaking it apart and fluffing it back up.  The consistency of this stuff is pretty cool.  So, expect a mess and expect it's going to take a little practice to get the hang of it if you -- errrrr, I mean your kids, are used to Play Doh or clay.  But, if your children enjoy crafty things or creating things with their hands, they'll probably enjoy Moon Sand", 5.0
"I was excited to get this for my 10 year old niece but very disappointed that it didn't come with any instructions. It's not intuitive and I had to buy an individual bracelet set just for the instructions", 4.0
"For starters, the iQuest system is amazing. It makes studying for tests so much easier, and helps you understand stuff you don't get with helpful hints.  The cartridges are a must have for an iQuest!!! I have all 3 for 6-8, but math is definiteley my favorite.  BUY THIS ITEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1", 4.0
"The iQuest 6-8 Math cartridge is awesome.  My daughter loves it.  It makes studying on the road so much easier.  She received the iQuest and the Science and Social studies cartridges as a gift.  She specifically reqested that we purchase the Math cartridge recently.  I find her "playing" the tests all the time.  I would definitely recommend this cartirdge, and the iQuest system", 5.0
"First the play characters looked cheaply made but they are perfect for his hand size. He crawls on the floor still holding the characters. The toy is very colorful. He plays with this toy the most. Plus we like it because is does not make noise.", 5.0
"My daughter received this from one of her aunt and uncle on her 1st birthday. This became her favorite toy. She loves playing with it and carrying it around.", 2.0
"My daughter received this for her first birthday and it immediately became her favorite toy.  She loved carrying it around the house with the handle and using it to sit on.  She's over 2 now and still plays with it.  The "people" are fun to stack and she enjoys putting things inside (of course, at first she needed help separating the shapes from the letters).  It still gets used on playdates even by the older kids.  Great toy", 1.0
"My daughter loved this when she was 6 months old - opening and closing the red door.  And now she's a year and she puts the shapes in, takes them out, puts them in, takes them out.  It will be great in another year as she will be able to put the shapes in the correct holes. This toy is a lot less expensive than others but keeps her attention for much longer. We love it", 1.0
"Few toys in our household have stood the test of time like this one.  My toddler and his baby brother both play with it regularly.  It functions as both a shape sorter and a prop for imaginative play.", 1.0
"My 23 month old loves this toy and so do I. It's a shape sorter with shapes and letters. It has four people who sit on top and stack and fit on your fingers. There's an easy to open door to get the blocks out. It can even be played with upside down. It is sturdy and well made. One of my favorite toys", 5.0
"My 16 month old son loves motorcycles and I looked high and low for a toy motorcycle that is sturdy enough for a child under 3, but still looks like a real motorcycle. Finally, I found the Motorcycle Hauler. Not only, are the motorcycles sturdy, there are 2 of them (one for each hand). My son also likes to push the truck around. The only thing that frustrates him is he cannot put the motorcycles on the flatbed by himself. Something he will be able to do when he gets a little older no doubt. This is a great toy for my son and he enjoys making the motorcycles go vrrrroooomm! Worth every penny.", 2.0
"I got this toy for my 2 year old grandson as a Christmas gift.  The child absolutely loved it and plays with it all the time.  My wife and I could not be more pleased with this purchase.", 4.0
"I bought this toy for my 18 month old (and watched him to make sure he didn't break off the kickstands and eat it). He loved it and played mostly with the motorcycle.  He went thru a stage of sitting on the durable trailer and riding it. Now at 27 months he is playing more with combination.  It remains one of his favorite toys", 2.0
"We bought this last Christmas (2004) for my son then 5.  It was a huge hit.  He loves the fact that he can take the motorcycles off and play with them by themselves.  In my house, the platform hauls more than the motorcycles.  He uses it to move anything that will on top around the house.  Almost a year later it is still one of his favorite toys.  It is very durable.  It has been dropped, washed, run into walls and furniture and it still is in one piece.  A great product and toy for the car/truck/motorcycle lover in your child", 4.0
"I bought this toy for my 2 year old grandson who loves motorcycles.  He has loved playing with it and does so every chance he gets.  He plays with the truck by itself and the motorcycles by themselves... 0r all of it together.  I love the softer wheels as they don't damage furniture", 1.0
"My son loves the truck and motorcycles. He can not wait until he gets the other trucks to complete his collection", 1.0
"My son got this as a Christmas gift just after he turned 2.  He is 3.5 now and still loves it! The motorcycles hold up really well, but they can be tricky to put on the flatbed.  So, he really plays with them separately.  The truck and trailer, however, are his favorite toys and he plays with them all the time.  He can get the trailer onto the truck very well on his own and carries his hot wheels around on it all the time.  It is virtually indestructible.  Buy it for your 2-year-old", 4.0
"My 2-year-old loves this truck and the motorcycles!  It's very durable, and even has endured my toddler trying to ride on it.  Love the no-scratch tires too!  This is a VERY, VERY nice toy and a great gift idea for any little boy", 4.0
"My granddaughter loved the pot holder loom.  Brought back many memories of myself when I was a child.  Goes to show you that the old stand bys are still popular with the kids today.  Great service", 5.0
"I have made at least half a dozen potholders with this quality metal loom.  It is easy to use.  It is like one I had years ago with a baked on enamel finish.  The tines are slightly angled outwards to help hold the loops on while one works with them.  Easily recommended to others.  Don't buy a plastic one, spend a couple of extra dollars and get metal quality", 5.0
"This product differs from what I found in the store because the loom is made of metal; those I found in the stores were plastic and I was told would break with use.  When I was a little girl, I had the metal loom and made potholders for all my family members for gifts.  I wanted my grandchildren to enjoy that same experience.  Only a week after Christmas, I got my first new potholder!  I am confident that the loom won't break and the children are learning about color and how combinations work together while creating something useful, making them proud", 4.0
"As a child I made potholders on a loom like this and now my daughters is doing the same. This loom is solid construction, there are plenty of loops of all different colors and the potholders are filling my drawers!", 5.0
"This doll scares me half to death.  It has a very creepy voice and a creepier laugh.  It reminds me of a female Chucky and I'm terrified that it might come alive in the middle of the night and kill me.  I don't want it in my house anymore, so I'm going to give it to charity and hope my daughter forgets about it", 5.0
"this item did not work right for us had to send it back. but it is a neat idea for kids", 5.0
"Hayley works fantastic! If she is not working right, have u thought about exchanging her for a new one. You might have bought a defective one. If she is not working properly then u need to exchange her or know how to work her properly. Try turning the doll on. May times I forgot to turn the inside switch on. The first time the doll is played with I noticed she need to be played with for about 10 minutes before the transmitter was charged. Play with her for awhile and she will give u the right clues. She needs to get charged up. The best way to play with Hayley is if she is out of plain view. Hide her behind a pillow or camouflage Hayley in a messy room or under a blanket or sheet. This is the most exciting way to play with Hayley and the most fun way. Sometimes it depends where u point the antenna.  There are 2 buttons on Hayley to turn her on. You have to becareful when u close the back of Hayley's dress you could accidently turn the switch off.  Plain & simple if Hayley is not working exchange her for a new one or your not working it properly. Make sure the first time u play with her, play with her for 20 minutes no matter what the clues say to charge the transmitter. Then she is fine after that 1st time. Call Kid-riffic before bash an awesome doll.  I have never had any problems with any of our Hayley's that we bought. You have to stop, push the button to get a new clue or u are carring around an old message. My girls think they are playing with a real friend. They respond to Hayley as if she were real. My oldest daughter is 10 and absolutly loves her. She said it is the funnest doll she has ever had. Hayley is a 10 star all the way!!!!", 5.0
"I bought this doll for my 4 year old daughter, and it never worked from the minute it came out of the box.  She can be standing on top of it and it stil tells her she is far away!  Unortunately, I can't find my receipt to return it, but take it from us - you will be very disappointed.  (...", 5.0
"My daughter BEGGED for this toy for Christmas..and we couldn't find it!  Her birthday is early in January and we found one on Amazon.  She was THRILLED with this doll.  I wouldn't say it is her FAVORITE toy...but she does play with it consistently.  She is 6 years old and we felt that she was too old for it at first, which is why we passed on it for Christmas.  She wouldn't "let go of the dream" so we found it for her Birthday.  It is sometimes a little hard to get the doll to re-set, but seriously...it's a toy!!!  You can't expect it to perform miracles.  For the price...it's a great doll", 4.0
"I gave this doll to my niece for Christmas!  I was disappointed when I recieved the doll, on how it looked CHEAP!  But overall my niece loves to hide her then find her!  She works great and my niece really enjoys her", 4.0
"Don't waste your money or time.  Definitely not worth it.  You can be standing right next to Hayley and it doesn't seem to find her.  My daughter tried it a couple of times and said she wants to return it", 4.0
"Note to all parents:   A group of us parents watched our kids play with Hide-n-Seek Hayley. We had so much fun! You do need to read the instructions though. She needs to be sitting in an upright position to get the best clues. The kids need to play at a slower pace. The kids get so excited running from point A to point Z with the hand held unit that Hayley is trying to register the childs location. If you remind the kids to slow down, stop, look & listen you will get the clues and the lights as they are suppose too. The child needs to walk around with the hand held unit, find a location, stand still for a moment and you will get the correct lights and the correct clues. If the child is running all over the place poor little Hayley is constantly trying to register the childs whereabouts. If you tell the child to slow down for Hayley, she is as fun and very exciting as she appears to be. Hayley just needs a few seconds to think and she will work fantastic. This doll is also design well because it is also meant for the children to use their thinking abilities. They have to think OK, I look like a popsicle, what is Hayley trying to tell me? She is saying that I am cold. Hayley say's very encouraging messages. We hide her everywhere, in closets under pillows and my kids and their friends were able to find her. She works great! It was the hit of the sleepover. It made my job easier. Just remind the kids to slow down, and refresh the clue button and have her in a sitting position. If you play with Hayley right she will fulfill all of your expectations. Hayley is an awsome, awsome doll", 2.0
"I purchased this game for my 12 year old son for Christmas.  Since he has no siblings, I am usually his oppponent for all games.  This game was challenging for both of us, used strategy as well as luck,  moved quickly enough that we stayed interested, and was easy to start playing without having to read a huge amount of rules and instructions. I think it helps with math skills, too, but isn't so difficult that younger players wouldn't enjoy it also.  I also like how it stores all pieces into its plastic frame to keep all of the game pieces together. It also has some ideas on how to play a solitare game if you can't find someone to play with.  Altogether a great game", 4.0
"We bought this when our son was 16-months old; he's now 18-months old and loves it, plays with it all the time!  I do have to keep my eyes on the balls because they can get lost easy, but it's worth it to see him using the hammer and watching him play.", 5.0
"My one year old LOVES this toy. She pounds it with all sides of the hammer, as hard as she can and it all stays in tact. It's very strong and entertaining. Needless to say that all kinds of surprise items are chucked into the holes, but easy to remove", 5.0
"My three year old has always gravitated toward this wherever he's seen it at playgroups, so even though he's three (it's for 12+ months), I got it for him for 'under the tree' at my parents' house and he plays with it daily;  was his favorite gift, if you can believe it.  It can be noisy, so beware of that part...and also remember these days won't be around for forever, so what's a little noise periodically?  The fun he has with it is priceless", 4.0
"My son started playing with this toy when he was about a year old.  I would push the balls and after laughing like a loon and he would chase and hand them back to me. Very good for coordination skills. A short time later he was doing it himself and at 3 he still plays with it when he sees it at playgroup.   This toy is a heavy favorite in the toddler room.", 5.0
"My son got this for his first birthday and has loved it for the past 4 months. He learned very quickly how to place the balls along the top and hit them with the hammer. He squeals while he watches the balls roll through the mirrored maze inside... it's very cute.", 5.0
"The only problem I have with it is that he's figured out how to stuff all sorts of small toys into the holes on top, including his fisher price little people animals. They can get into the toy, but I have to take a screwdriver to open the back and get them out. I do wish it unsnapped easier to free trapped toys, but the upside is that it's very durable and hard for a toddler to destroy", 5.0
"This toy is amazing, my son recieved it for his first birthday. He is now turning 2 and it is STILL one of this favorite toys.  Every kid that enters my house plays with this toy.  It is very easy they can even hit it with their hand if the hammer isn't around.  I did however wonder how i would clean this once some dirt had built up inside...but i solved that easily...i just ran it under the faucet and it cleaned up great.  And this toy has been banged around with no cracks at all", 2.0
"My 3-year old son loves dinosaurs, and as soon as he saw this one in the store, he knew without a doubt that Santa would bring it.  We weren't planning on getting it for him, so when we asked if he would be sad if Santa didn't bring it, he replied he wouldn't be, because Santa would DEFINITELY bring it for him.  It's all he wanted.", 5.0
"I was concerned that it was the type of toy he would play with for maybe an hour or so, then get bored with it, so I was hesitant to get it.  But we ended up getting it for him, and since Christmas it's rarely been in a different room than my son.  He has plastic dinosaurs, and dinosaur books also, so he always has his favorite T-Rex when he's playing with them.", 5.0
"He uses it to eat the other ones or to fight them.  My 18-month old steals it every chance he gets because he loves the roaring and motion also.  When it's quiet-time, there is a convenient 'off' switch on the foot.  It's pretty tough, as it's been dropped and kicked a few times, and works just as good as ever.  Overall a great investment, lots of fun for everyone, and has lots of potential to fit into my son's play style", 5.0
"My son (5) received this for Christmas and it's been a huge hit!  My younger son (3) is constanly begging to play with it.  My nephew (2) and husband play with it as well.  This toy spans all ages.  It's much bigger then the regular T-Rex by Imaginext but still has all the same great safety features such as fierce looking teeth without being sharp.  The animatronic movements and sounds are pretty cool and justify the pricetag since this toy is rarely left alone. A great addition to the Imaginext prehistoric line.  Now all I have to do is buy a couple more.", 5.0
"This was disappointing. When the phone arrived,it had a nice medium volume.The next day the volume was so low, you could barely hear it,except see the lights blinking.I changed the batteries, but it still did not help.It was a waste, since my grand-daughter's loves phone ringing, and this does not. Giving the benefit of the doubt,my item may be faulty.", 5.0
"I threw the box, so could not return it. My advise is" Keep the box and return label" for sometime, incase you encounter the same problem", 4.0
"We love this phone. It's great that it's in different language", 2.0
"This is a cute phone, though the voice is slightly obnoxious.  The thing that really bothers me is that when you press the moon/pound button, it plays the tune of "This Old Man" in one key (E-flat) while the voice sings it in ANOTHER KEY (B).  It's atrocious.  And this WILL be your child's favorite button to press, because kids love music, no matter how awful it is", 1.0
"This is a great toy.  Easy for our son to carry around and he loves all the noises the phone makees", 2.0
"My son loves this phone.  There are so many buttons to push and so many different sounds.  He gets bored with it just like any other toy, but when he hasn't seen it in a few days he is really excited to play with it again", 5.0
"My son absolutely LOVES this phone. He loves how it lights up and plays music. He plays with this toy every single day - don't know what I would do without it! And the price it great too - Very durable also", 5.0
"My granddaughter loves this toy.  She loves pushing the buttons and hearing the music", 5.0
"My 3 1/2 year old got this for Christmas to use in his toy kitchen. It's another well thought out item from Melissa and Doug. We love wooden kitchen toys and this was a great addition. His favorite part was the butter "pats" that have velcro and can be cut off of the "stick" of butter and put on the "toast". We're getting a lot of "soups" with butter in them", 2.0
"We gave this to our now 4 year old son for Christmas.  He played with it for the first day and occasionally gets it out now.  However, it has not held his interest like some of the other cooking or wooden toys.", 1.0
"My only other complaint would be that if you have a child like mine, the butter might be stuck in.  It can be difficult to get out", 1.0
"Ideal for anyone who likes espionage and fun", 4.0
"I purchased the Undercover Detective Activity Kit for my eight year old granddaughter.  We combined it with a wig, false teeth, and a few other items in a backpack labeled "Lauren's Field Kit."  It was such a huge hit with her and all the kids and adults.  The uncles made up a crime scene by stealing something of hers and the aunts all helped her follow the clues.  It was amazing and she still thinks it's her favorite gift of all times!  We did put the fingerprint powder up for special usage as her little brother and sister aren't ready for that and I think neither was mom!", 5.0
"No directions - these kids have to figure out what these cryptic codes mean without an instruction manual or any indication of what the buttons are for. The kids spent their own money on a cool toy.......they thought- do not buy unless you are a nuclear physicist", 5.0
"My 8-year old picked this up yesterday, she was very excited.  In summary, after about 15 minutes, she was in tears over the thing.  Reason being is that she was frustrated with the overall navigation and controls for configuring and setting up the thing.  We located the instructions buried in the packaging, and were able to eventually get past it.", 4.0
"After configuring, she had the instructions out trying to send messages - she finally was able to do it, but it's not very easy.  In addition, the IR is a severe limitation as line of sight must be maintained.", 5.0
"This product would be much better if it was RF-based, and was less cryptic in the initial setup, as well as sending a message.  For example to send a message, here's process:", 4.0
"- Chat Mode button", 5.0
"- type message", 4.0
"- send button", 5.0
"- it then asks for the P/I? which we have no clue what that is", 5.0
"- then hit ICQ button", 4.0
"Several steps, lots of button pushing, not the most intuitive.", 5.0
"Recommend that you do not buy this", 5.0
"I bought this as a gift for someone else and was embarrassed by how cheap it looked when we opened it.   To top it off, the sand in the timer was all glued or stuck together so that the only element of the game which you couldn't make yourself didn't even work.  The parts look like they're worth less than a $0.25 and the boards and pieces are ridiculously cheap.  They could've at least put an extra nickel or two into the spinner, the key element of the game.  As it is, I think a kindergartner could make this game in their arts and crafts hour. I'd recommend traditional word games like Scrabble or Boggle instead of this.", 5.0
"We got this game for our 6 year old, not knowing what to expect. Turns out that it really challenges her to come up with good words! After a few times, though, we didn't have to use the "adult rules" because (1) she was too good at it now, and (2) it was just as challanging for the adults as the children! Now, my 4 year old has joined in the game. We use a "stripped down" version of the rules for her: Now that she knows phonics, she came come up with a word that begins with one of the letters spun, and then writes down that word. Great practice for the whole family", 5.0
"This game is clever!  It really is loads of fun for kids to play and at the same time (without their conscious knowledge) they are improving their word skills.  The game has a spinner, which, off-the-bat makes kids interested. Next, all kids play each round which ensures that nobody has to wait their turn (waiting for their turn in a game to my kids seems like slow torture).  Since, they are all playing in each round there is lots of competition to come up with the best and longest word to fit one of six categories (ie. boys or girls name, living creature, food or drink and I can not remember the others).  All and All - a smart and fun kids game", 5.0
"I purchased Wordplay because I am always on the look out for games with an educational dimension. My son (aged 9) seems to have taken quite a liking to it, which is great since he tends to shy away from anything that he says `feels like school'. He loves the spinner in the middle of the game board (a nice touch), and the idea of `spinning to get your letters' (which are then used to form words). The words themselves are left to the child's imagination and vocabulary skills, ensuring that the game remains flexible and interesting. Even when he is not playing with some of his friends, my son sometimes comes up to me and asks that I spin for him (so that he can proudly show me the words he has formed using `my' letters). All in all, very smart. Sometimes the simplest ideas really are the best", 1.0
"I LOVE Ravensburger Puzzles.  They are made to last.  My daughter loves puzzles and these pieces are so easy to put together.  We love the bright colors and overall quality of this puzzle.  I recommend Ravensburger when you buy puzzles", 5.0
"Bought this for my son who is five years old and loves puzzles - especially Thomas the Tank Engine puzzles.  I thought 100 pieces may be too much for him but it wasn't.  He loves to figure out how things go together so this was perfect.  Great product and would recommend highly.", 2.0
"We probably have 20 Ravensburger puzzles and my children love doing them over and over.  They hold up well and are challenging, yet still engaging.", 5.0
"Of all the gifts my 2-1/2 yr old grandson recieved for Christmas, he likes & plays with Mater the most. He has a very inquisitive nature and loves mechanicle things. This "Cars" toy tow truck is a good choice for this kind of child", 5.0
"We just love Mater from the movie and this toy brings him home.  The rip stick comes out of his engine (his nose) and he then drives backwards.  My kids just love him", 5.0
" I received the toy in exellent condition. All was on time and exactly as shown", 5.0
"Got this for my nephew.  He loved the movie Cars, of course.  Also purchased Lightning McQueen.  You can't miss with these.  He loves them.  I remember the rip stick cars from when I was a kid.  They are still a winner", 5.0
"My granddaugter will love all the animals she can create, using this set.  She loves the zoo, and there is a great variety of animals in this set.  She can even make an "ele-giraffe!", 5.0
"My kids have 3 or 4 bins this size of Duplos.  This particular set was recently given to one of my sons as a gift.  It's an especially nice set because of the variety of colors included that you never see in the regular sets.  The kids love looking at the pictures and making the animals with these blocks.  They also use these blocks for their all-purpose building needs, as well. :)", 1.0
"What a wonderful set!", 5.0
"You just can't go wrong with Duplos!  We have zillions and they are played with by all the kids (ages 2-8) regularly.  I'd say our Duplos are the most played-with toy in this house", 5.0
"My grandson really loves this set.  It is of the usual quality Leggo's have been known to be.  They are so good to help the dexterity of the little ones", 4.0
"I love this toy, it is one of my 2.5 yr old's favorite toys to play with.  Can't complain about anything.", 4.0
"I think this is a great toy.  I bought this for my 3 1/2 y.o. daughter.  She is not able to put the animals together herself but she can fix them and make them with me.  My 5 1/2 year old son has been having a great time playing with it as well.  He is already adept at lego and yet he finds the animals fun and challenging.  You must save the cardboard pictures of the animals that the box is wrapped in so that you can refer to the pictures for building.  My two suggestions for Duplo would be that they include a book with pictures of how to build the animals and that they include just a few more pieces so that you can build all of the animals and the refreshment stand.  This set allows you to build all the animals but if you want to build the refreshment stand you will have to take a few pieces from an animal or another Duplo set.   Overall - I would recommend this toy to anyone with girls or boys ages 3-6.", 5.0
" My little sister and I love Barbie,My Scene,and Bratz.And ever since this came out,my sister wanted it.It's really expensive though.I mean,65 dollars?But luckly,we got ours at Wal-Mart.But as soon as my parents got it,it went on sale!", 1.0
"                 Fun", 5.0
" This toy was very fun.For both me and my sister.It comes with a vanity,bed(for kelly)A table,two chairs,and some pieces of cake and makeup.One thing you should know is that it is quite expensive for both the dolls and the cloud kingdom.All my sister got was the kingdom,Rayla the cloud Queen,and Brietta the Pegusus.But we play with our Bratz andMy scene.It can be for any type.", 5.0
"                  Durability", 5.0
"Ok.Everything is nice except for two things:", 5.0
"     1.)The bacpart(Cardboard)is not a very good quality", 5.0
"     2.)When you are done playing,take the3 pieces apart   gently", 5.0
"        LGP3LN", 4.0
"My 5 year old daughter loves Barbie and all the Pegasus toys but Could Kingdom provides no stimulation for her and she is disappointed and bored with it.  It hasnt captured her attention for more than 5 minutes and she loves to use her imagination.  It takes so long to put it together and is not durable.  It is expensive for what is provided and there should be more magical lights and buttons to press to make it interesting but its basic a bunch of plastic clouds that take up a lot of space.", 5.0
"Assembled, this toy is very pretty.  Especially when all of the dolls (sold separately) are posed on it.  It's VERY cute!  However,the design/quality is very poor.  Mattel needs to keep in mind that parents sometimes need to relocate or store a toy, and this playset cannot be moved without falling completely apart. It falls apart when it's played with too.   Also, the backdrop is made out of cardboard.  CARDBOARD!  It doesn't attach firmly and keeps falling off.  I don't think Mattel bothers to test market their toys with actual children anymore.  If they did, they would know this needed more work before release.  I guess it's cheaper to rush a toy to market before Christmas than to perfect and produce a quality product.  If I had been able to examine one of these playsets before purchasing, I wouldn't have purchased it", 4.0
"In concept, this is a great toy.  In design, however, it has many flaws.  The backdrop piece just does not stay attached!  (I actually fun-tacked it to the wall behind where Cloud Kingdom sits in my daughter's playroom.)  The Clouds pieces, while very pretty, are just not solid enough to hold up.  And be sure to make plenty of space for this toy because it takes up 3 feet of room and does not fold away for storage.  My 4-year-old does not seem to mind any of this, though.  It really does inspire her imaginative play as she flies her pegasi through the sky", 4.0
"Just for the record, this is the car that got crashed in the first race. It got upside down and finally McQueen jump over its wheels to bypass the other crashed cars", 4.0
"I am pleased that other people have found this calculator useful.  However, I cannot recommend it.  I see two major problems with it.  The most obvious is the very poor quality of the screen.  The lines that make the digits and math symbols are too thin, too light, and very hard to read.  I cannot understand why they would make a calculator for young children with such a truly terrible digital display.  The cheapest calculator on the rack at the drug store has a better display than this one.  The second problem is that it gives the answer to division problems as decimals rather than as remainders.  There *are* calculators that give remainders instead of decimals.  Such a feature would be suitable for such a calculator as this one, which is clearly designed for the early grades.  The concept behind this calculator is a great one.  The calculator itself, however, is poorly designed", 4.0
"The See N Solve Visual Calculator is really useful for helping young ones who are just learning their math skills.  To actually see the problem on the screen is very productive to understanding what the child is doing.  I, as a grandmom, had a hard time pushing the numbers, but that may be just me, because my grandson has no problem at all.  I would recommend this as a gift or an aid to help with math", 4.0
"I love the fact that this calculator puts the equations in the form they are learning in school.  You actually get to see the equation, not just the answer.  AND it shows the dividing "bridge" in division, not the dash with dots over/under it.", 5.0
"I think it helps my son see the equations in a form that is meaningful because it's how his teacher does it & how it is on his homework.  He's 6 & thinks it is fun to just sit around & practice with equations, testing himself before he hits equal for the answer.  Glad I bought it", 5.0
"I purchased this calculator my my special needs child and it has been great.  Simple, easy to use and see what she is really doing.  I would recommend this item to others", 5.0
"Wow, did we laugh! We didn't expect the surprise ending, like the other reviewer wrote, to be quite so dramatic. My friends like to play card games like hearts and gin and they loved playing this with us. But this game was funny because of all the cards that had us stealing from each other. What fun", 5.0
"My family plays this game over and over. It never plays the same way twice and always has a surprise ending. We love playing it with our friends and now our friends want a copy for themselves.", 5.0
"Item fits well in the seat of the car.  The rubber gripped lining prevents it from sliding around, and the surface is easy to damp wipe", 5.0
"The quality of this table is superb. It is very strong and sturdy. I was tired of wasting my money of poorly made tables.", 1.0
"My son is 5YO and slightly tall for his age. He sits at the table with plenty of room for growth. This was a great investment because it will last for many years to come.", 2.0
"As mentioned by other reviewers the color of the wood pretty much coordinates with anything", 4.0
"I purchased this table for my 15 month-old daughter to practice standing and walking now and later, for play and crafts. I work at a Montessori school and this table is as sturdy, heavy and strong as those we purchase for the classrooms from specialized Montessori catalogs at twice the price. I think my daughter will have one this for a very long time.", 5.0
"This was the best!  It arrived in perfect condition and 1,2,3 we had it together.  Quality of wood is great.  All you need is an electric/battery screw driver and it was a cinch!  It's very sturdy and will last a lifetime.", 4.0
"OK, so this set is a bit more expensive than it's plastic counterparts. And more pricey than Little Tike's other wooden table (the Hudson), but that extra expense is WELL justified!", 5.0
"This table (and the matching chairs) are not only beautiful but sturdy as well! The light wood finish compliments all types of decor. The light coating of finish on the table and chairs make clean up a breeze, which is a huge plus in my book! These are sturdy, well made pieces of furniture which your toddler and children can beat up without you worrying about paint chipping.", 5.0
"It is perfectly proportioned for young children. My nearly 3 year old daughter, who is 38 inches tall, sits at this table comfortably. Her 6 year old cousin, who is 51 inches tall, also fits at this table comfortably!", 4.0
"We would buy from this collection again in a heartbeat and would (and have!) recommend this to anyone looking for a beautiful, sturdy, functional table and chairs set for their little ones", 5.0
"The reason I'm so THRILLED with this sturdy, wooden set from LIttle Tikes (table and chairs) is that it's smaller than most kids furniture. I was all set to pay big bucks for Pottery Barn Kids stuff, but my (very tall) two year old wasn't big enough for them! He loves doing projects and play doh etc. so we wanted to get him a table. I spied this set behind a bunch of stuff at our local toy store and when he sat on it, VOILA!! It was perfect. It is heavy and sturdy (good for boys) and the natural wood looks great in our home. I also realized that although I lusted after the painted PBK stuff, it will chip and stains will show much quicker than this natural wood. We are VERY pleased with it", 5.0
"After looking in stores, catalogs and online we decided to order this table for our two year old son. Even though the price was a bit more than I felt we needed to spend it was worth it. The quality is great the legs are thick and sturdy Our son loves it! Of course he loved helping me attach the legs which was simple and after we comvinced him to turn it over he was delighted to belly up with his colors and books. We feel this is a great quality piece that will be easily incoporated into his room as an bedside table or end table after he out grows its current purpose", 5.0
"my kids are just going crazy over the "webkinz"!  This cat was great and it was shipped really fast.  The thing I learned recently is you might be able to get them cheaper @ local card stores and Hallmarks.", 5.0
"I got this tent for around $15 brand new, much cheaper than what I had seen anywhere else.  I was prepared to pay around $25.  What an awesome deal!", 5.0
"Though it is rather large and the colors are not what I would have initially chosen, it does work with the tunnel we already had and my daughter seems to like it.  I don't think I'll have any problem getting my $15 worth!", 5.0
"We are happy with the tent. It is spacious and durable, the kids spend a lot of time playing inside of it and when they are done we can put all the toys inside. They are learning to get most of their things in one place", 5.0
"This tent works great in and out of the home.  Great fortress within the home, or to get baby off the grass and sand outside.  It takes up some square feet, but if you have the room, it is fun to play with.  Assembly time is probably 5-10 mins for one person.  With more use, I'm sure it can be assembled at a faster pace.  One side stays open, but can be masked with a sheet or blanket (if you would like your baby to stay inside).  My 9 month baby and I easily fit within the tent, with much room to grow.  Easy disassembly.  This tent does the job of getting baby out of the sun, and great place for naps when out.  For this low price, nothing compares.  Stows away neatly and easily in a small bag (approx 4x12 inches).", 4.0
"I had high hopes for this thing. I remember the fun of the old Viewmaster Projector I had as a kid. None of that fun exists here. The slides are hard to look at and trying to get anything resembling focus while wearing the glasses is almost impossible.", 5.0
"Get your child a good viewmaster and you'll be glad you did", 5.0
"I love watching the shows with my brother it is fun and we learn a lot, But there is no 3-D effect! Also I can't find any other slides online for this projector", 5.0
"This projector is just what everyone above has been saying...useless...Do not go and buy it!! I give it "0" stars. The negatives are very hard to make out. I couldn't tell if I was looking at Earth or Venus", 5.0
"All of these negative reviews should tell you something!  I wish I had bought this at Amazon, so I could've seen these reviews first.  They are all correct.  There is NO 3D effect at all.  In fact, wearing the glasses is a viewing obstruction.  We could see the pictures better without them.  Also, I don't know if it was my imagination or my frustration, but it seemed that wearing the glasses actually gave me a headache!  This would be a much better product if they didn't bother to try to make the images 3D.  I too have been looking for slides that will fit into this projector.  It wouldn't be bad with plain 2D images", 4.0
"I agree with the other reviews.  My son got this as a Christmas present, and was more interested in the big flashlight aspect of it than the slides.  The slides are completely blurry, and there is no 3D effect.  I am trying to find other non-3D slides that fit the projector, though, and would like to hear from anyone who might have found some (johncpratt@yahoo.com).  If available, they would greatly improve the usefulness of the projector.  Otherwise, skip it", 5.0
"We received this as a gift.  It is WORTHLESS.  There is little or no 3-D effect.  The slides are of little interest", 5.0
"I bought Darth Tater for my 4 1/2 year old niece who is a huge Darth Vader nut.  (She thinks he's cute..strange child).  She opened this on Christmas and fell in love with it.  Mr. Potatohead is a great toy, in general and I love that they came up with this character", 5.0
"This was a "gag gift" for my brother in laws 40th birthday party, but it went to "toys for tots" for Christmas afterwards and what a great thing to do with it!!", 5.0
"Just need to say that I have this baby at my office and everyone loves it! Some of my friends liked it so much that they even got to buy their own. Star Wars Unleashed it ain't, but it's a nice toy for geeks like me", 5.0
"My kids are two of the biggest Store Wars fans out there, so this toy was a no-brainer for me.  When I saw it listed here at Amazon I was thrilled.  Christmas Day came and I was an instant hero!  Darth Tater is just the cutest thing, and it even has a little cape for him to wear.  Cute, cute.  Just needs a little Cuke Skywalker to play with in the future (hint, hint)", 5.0
"We got the Darth Tater for our 5 yr old daughter wen we went to the Disney Star Wars Weekend.  It was a "gift from Mickey" that she got one morning (her 9 yr old cousin got the Spud Trooper).  It was great, and they immediately loved them.  While at Disney MGM we stopped in the one toy story themed store to get exclusive Disney parks potato parts (fill a box for $10).", 5.0
"When we got home, there was the other potato waiting as a "GFM".  Now when her friends come over they have 2 potatoes and some hillarious disney park only pieces.  The little mermaid battles a spud tropper bearing a cinderella slipper.", 5.0
"This is a great toy for the young kids because it is for the 3+ crowd but mom and dad get a hoot from playing with the potatoes too!  Now we are just rying to find the R2Potat2", 5.0
"This happens to be one of my favorite toys (I collect toys).  It is so", 4.0
"cute it's outragous-whenever I see it, I can't help but smile.  I keep", 4.0
"Darth Tater up on top of my left audio speaker tower, and he's one of the", 4.0
"first things you see when entering my living room.", 5.0
"This is a great toy concept, and for those of us who have never forgotten", 4.0
"our potato head days, this will bring them back with a smile.", 5.0
"Very easy to put together, but I would NOT buy it for a small child, as", 5.0
"there are some smallish plastic parts that they might swallow=very definitely a toy for us scifi/emorabilia lovers.", 5.0
"Honey, I remember when the first Tater Heads came out, you had to stick", 2.0
"the plastic parts into a REAL potato!  So this all-plastic version is a", 5.0
"VERY pleasant update.", 5.0
"This would make a great office toy......I give this five smilies up!!!", 4.0
":-", 4.0
"Very cute and very fun desk accessory!  We are big Star Wars fans and this is a perfect addition to the collection.  You cannot be in a bad mood while looking at Tater Vader (as we fondly call him). :", 4.0
"I am already in my 30s and I still felt so joyful when I finally laid my hands on it! First time I knew about Darth Tater is at work, reviewing advertising reels (I work in advertising), and I just flipped when I saw the ad for Darth Tater. I just knew I had to have it!", 5.0
"It's going to sit proudly on my desk - weak-minded Jedi beware", 5.0
"My husband received this for a gag present, and my 3 year old daughter loves it. It's by far her favorite of her Mr. Potato head collection, along with Spudtrooper. I'm not sure if it's the lightsaber or the cape, but something about this toy captivates her. If you're a Mr. Potato Head fan, whether young or old, this is a must have. We're looking forward to adding Artoo-Potatoo to the family when he's available also. :", 4.0
"Yes, The Big kids will love that you remember them and remember them with a Star Wars kitsch type toy!!!!  It is a bedroom delight for the eye that collects grins and dust!!!", 2.0
"I bought this game during a vacation and we had such fun playing it on the road back home. You get 5 cards which have a headline word on it like "Man" and "Blonde". You are able to trade your words out once (up to 3). Each card has a point value on it. You want to create the best headline possible to make the most points. Headlines must make sense and be possible. Lots of fun", 5.0
"My almost 5 year old son loves driving his Jeep all over the neighborhood. Because of the better handling and wheel design (not slanted), the Jeep is remarkably agile. What my kid has done so far:", 5.0
"- Taken the Jeep off road on bike trails", 5.0
"- Drive through iced dirt", 4.0
"- Drive through 1/2" mud", 4.0
"- Drive through 1/4" water puddles", 5.0
"- Pull passengers on a tied on Wagon (We almost died laughing)", 4.0
"I agree with the previous reviewer that the car is a bit big for a sub 3 year old, but my younger one (2.5) loves being the passenger.", 4.0
"Bought this for our 2.5 year old son, it's a bit big for him now, but we figure by age 3 (summer time), it will be just fine.  lots of power, and nice  features just right for a little guy.  Our son likes the removable engine panel in the front and has found it a perfect place to hide toys and the like.  Have not had it in the grass or any other areas where the "ultimate traction" claim could be tested, but from what we have seen indoors one could easily believe that this will make a difference.", 4.0
"One final note, make sure you check the dimensions on this before ordering.  it's very large but we recommend it", 5.0
"My son has just started liking baseball cards.  This is enough to keep him busy for awhile.  He is still sorting them from Christmas", 5.0
"Got it about three days after I suibmitted my order. I was very pleased", 5.0
"When you first realize the 2006 Topps Baseball Card set has 659 cards in it, numbered 1-660, you are probably thinking you know which card is the missing card. That is because in the wake of Mickey Mantle's death several years ago Topps decided to honor the Mick by retiring card #7. Today we say that the modern era of baseball cards begins with the 1952 Topps set, for which Mantle's card is the biggie, not just because it is his Topps rookie card but also because it was a high number from the 1952 set, which jumps the value way up as well. However, there actually is a card #7 in the 2006 Topps set, and it is of Mickey Mantle. What is kind of cool about the card is that it is just like all of the other cards in the set and there is nothing that distinguishes the fact the Mick is no longer active except for his career stats ending in 1968 (he stole six bases in his final season on those ruined legs).", 5.0
"The card that is missing is #297, Alex Gordon, who turned out not to meet the new gold standard for having a rookie card. There are some cut out versions of the card floating around out there is you want to have a really complete Series 1 collection (as opposed to have four incomplete collections for about the same price). An intact version sold for $7,000 because clearly it is the rarest card around this year. Topps had to do the cut outs because under Major League Baseball Players Association rules the former University of Nebraska star, who was the second pick in last year's draft, did not sign a contract until September. After years of having baseball cards of players who never spend a day in the Major Leagues, the MLPA changed the rules so that rookie cards can now only be put out for players who make the 25-man opening-day roster or played in at least one major league game the year before. Topps anticipated Gordon would make the Royals' 25-man roster, but the third baseman was assigned to Wichita instead.  Then again, when you get the complete factory set you get the 659 cards plus five exclusive bonus rookie cards, so now you are up to 664 and the deficit is more than made up.", 4.0
"That solves the mystery of the missing card for the 2006 Topps set. Personally, I think this rule change is great, because I like to see who was playing with each team each year. Granted, that is difficult today because this set already has Johnny Damon with the Yankees (#185), but Coco Crisp (#12) is still an Indian and not Damon's replacement with the Red Sox. Tom Gordon (#163) appears as a Phillie in the photo and on the back, but his card still says Yankee and Matt Morris (#238) is seen as a Cardinal on the front of his card with the Giants. The main thing is that when you get to the rookies, cards 296-325 in Series 1 and #616-45 in Series 2 (with Jason Papelbon, #355, one of two exceptions), you will actually find players who are in the major leagues right now, including the prohibitive favorite for the American League Rookie of the Year Award, Francisco Liriano (#309) of the Twins. This beats going back a couple of years and looking at all of the rookie cards and finding only a handful have made it to the show this many years down the road.", 5.0
"The Topps set remains THE set for me each year because it is the one with history behind it, so if you feel the same way it is a must have for your collection. Cards #243-59 are the American and National League Gold Glove Award winners, a set that is missing the A.L. Catcher, who was not I-Rod but Jason Veritek, who does not have a Topps card again this year. We then have the award winners in the two leagues for the Cy Young, Most Valuable Player, and Rookie of the Year awards (#260-65), followed by the Team Cards/Managers (#266-95, 586-615).  What they are doing here is interesting, because they have the teams arranged alphabetically from the Arizona Diamondbacks to the Washington Nationals, and what you have hear is the manager card or the team card for each, but never both (e.g., you get Mets manager Willie Randolph and the New York Yankees team card). In Series 2, you will find the appropriate counterparts. There are Team Stars in both series.", 1.0
"It is interesting to me that with both Series 1 and Series 2 when you look at the three checklist cards for each the cards for the series end on the front of the second checklist card. The rest of the checklists are devoted to the insert cards available. For Series 2 they list seven Trading Places Autographs and Trading Places Autographed Relics each, 27 Trading Places Relics, 20 Trading Places cards, 40 Signers of the Constitution, 31 Signers of the Constitution Cut Signatures (includes Franklin, Hamilton, Madison and Washington), 30 Hit Parade cards, 15 Topps Stars, 100 Mantle Home Run History cards ("MHR2-MHR101), 100 Mantle Home Run relics, 18 Walmart Cards, 15 Opening Day relics, and 15 Opening Day Inserts. For me the Trading Places and Hit Parade cards are of interest, because they are sort of basic and reflect what actually happened in the 2006 season, but the rest surely takes us into the realm of glorious excess. No wonder I am a "buy the complete series" rather than "tear open a hundred packs" sort of person, because I really do not want to be in the position of hoping for an autograph of Roger Sherman rather than Billy Wagner (or visa versa). Topps is the one baseball card set I get each year because of the history of the company and not because of the extras", 1.0
"This is great for older kids and adults.  Too powerful for little ones", 1.0
"What can you say about an engine who manages to get cheerful little Toby mad at her!", 2.0
"Mavis is a young, feisty diesel whose inexperience frequently gets her into trouble.   That said, she *is* learning; and certainly after she shows her usefulness, she becomes one of the crew.  (Even though she is a Diesel they don't hold that against her.)", 5.0
"Like all of Thomas'  friends Mavis is sturdy and a great pal.  She is also very useful in the development of 'made up' Thomas tales.", 1.0
"In appearance Mavis is black with the yellow markings around her square face.  In addition, and for reasons unexplained, she has sidebars and a cow catcher which is certainly not standard quarry attire.  It does mean, however, that she can substitute on Toby's line from time to time.", 5.0
"Four stars.  Mavis is a nice, second-string engine", 4.0
"If your child enjoys acting out the Thomas & Friends episodes, Mavis is a black diesel engine with yellow stripes around her face who works in Toby's quarry. At first, the quarry manager would not let Mavis go out much, but when she saved Toby from falling off a bridge, the quarry manager decided to give her a second chance. She and Toby are now best pals and work together to get the troublesome trucks in shape at the quarry.", 4.0
"To expand the fun of Mavis, you can get the quarry mine tunnel and send Mavis for the ride of her life. If you need an engine to help Toby with the work in the quarry, I recommend getting Mavis", 5.0
"I was just looking at my 8 year old Mavis and I relized it only has four wheels. The one in the picture has 6 wheels. Of course Salty in the picture has eight wheels and our Salty has six but that made me wonder. Because of Mavis's sideplates she doesn't run very well but my little sister loves her anyway. I wish they'd make the magnets like the take along Thomas magnets that u can connect both ways but I guess we can't have everything", 4.0
"Mavis is a diesel engine that works in the Sodor quarry.  She sometimes is too independent for her own good.  Mavis has sleek black paint, a cowcatcher, and buffers around her wheels.  Her smiling face will be sure to brighten up your child's playtime.  Choose Mavis or any of the fun Thomas products.  They're great", 4.0
"We had planned on getting one of these houses for our daughters 6 & 3 to share but Toys R Us had them b1g1 in October so they each got one for Christmas. I am amazed at the detail put into these houses. They look great and are really durable. We bought about 6 rooms worth of furniture and there are still at least a dozen more playsets they can get to go with it. The girls love it and it really gives them a chance to use their imagination", 5.0
"My six-year-old daughter received it as a Christmas gift and absolutely LOVES playing with it! Everyone else in the family loves playing with it too, including her older brother. Hers came with the Mom, Dad, twins (one boy, one girl), an older sister, a cat, and some furniture. She also received some of the furniture as gifts, and it definitely helps to have them when playing with the house. The dollhouse is really easy to store because the sides can fold up when playtime is done!", 5.0
"One drawback to the dollhouse is that the rooms are small, so if you have a lot of the furniture for the dollhouse, not all of the pieces will fit in the rooms. However, there are creative ways to play with all of the furniture.", 5.0
"I would definitely recommend this as a dollhouse to purchase for a child who is five or older", 4.0
"I bought this house for my 2 1/2 yr old daughter for Christmas.  I can honestly say it is the best money ever spent.  I even got it at a great price during toys r us' by one get one free event last October.  A friend and I were both getting them for our daughters so we got a great deal! Anyway.. she has played with this for several hours every single day since she got it.  The only negative I can say about it is that sometimes it is hard to get her away from it so we can go places and sometimes she wants me to play a little too much!", 4.0
"I was surprised by how enchanted my daughter is by this house because she is hard buy for.  Most of the toys I think she will love sit collecting dust.  She is four years old and I chose to buy her a doll house for Xmas this year because I remember loving my doll house so much when I was about her age.  I also owned a Fisher Price doll house, so I wasn't turned off by all the plastic.  I have to admit that I was disappointed by how cheaply made the house seemed to be when we pulled it out of the box, but after two weeks (and her twin baby sisters getting into it every chance they get) it is holding up well.  Yes, the twin time doll house is right up our ally!  I love how it mimics our real life family so well (with the exception of hair color, the twin boy, and the pink decor). I especially like the furniture sets, they are attractive, interesting to play with, and seem well made.  It is a drag that everything has to be bought separately.  More corporate greed I assume.  The house should at least include the kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, and family room.  The rest of the rooms could be optional.  What is up with the silly little kitchen sink and cheapo furniture that comes with it?  At least have the decency to lower the cost an additional ten bucks and have the house empty.  With the exception of the baby cribs, these items do not get played with once the "nice" furniture arrives.  I bought her doll house at Walmart, so it came with the big sister and her bedroom set, which was a nice addition.  Family members bought her the kitchen, bathroom, laundry room, family room, and dinning room.  I think it would be nice to have the parents bedroom, too.  The house is certainly too small to accommodate all of the furniture sets.  I would prefer to have a house that doesn't fold but has larger rooms.  I question how well this house would hold up if it is constantly being folded up.  My other recommendation to Fisher Price is to add a stair case.  My doll house had a winding black stair case and that was definitely a fun feature.  Overall I like the house, but I think it could use some tweaking.", 4.0
"This Fisher Price Loving Family Twin Time Dollhouse is a favorite of my 3 1/2 year old daughter.  We gave it to her last Christmas and she took right to it - especially since she has twin brothers (5 1/2 years old)!  The dolls and furniture are the perfect size for her little hands to maneuver in and around the dollhouse.", 5.0
"I suggest getting as many family members as you can - especially if you have extended members (ie grandparents, siblings, babysitters, older cousins, etc) like we do that play a big part in our daughter's life.  This makes for really fun pretend play!  The African-American family is a wonderful addition to promote diversity as well as the SUV for the family to buzz around the neighborhood (read: playroom)!", 4.0
"Some of the furniture makes "real life" sounds with moving parts.  This helps in making this dollhouse more realistic!  This Christmas we'll be adding the Backyard Cabana and Laundry Room", 5.0
"I gave this five stars because my four year old daughter absolutely loves this dollhouse!  In my opinion the rooms are small but she thinks they are perfect.  The house itself is not too big nor is it too small.  Perfect for little hands.  What would be nice is if Fisher Price would come out with an add on.  So much furniture but not enough rooms.  Every time a new set comes out, we buy it.....we really need a bigger house!  All in all this was the best purchase I have made in a long time.", 2.0
"This house is great!  Adorable and beautiful.  It even looks good in my daughter's room.", 5.0
"I think it was difficult to get the furniture during and after the holidays but now they are easy to get.", 4.0
"My sister bought the house for my 2 1/2 year old daughter, Peyton.  She also bought all the furniture for her except for the nursery because she has the two cradles and the highchair and there's no more room in the room, and the family room, because they have the living room already.", 5.0
"The two chairs that came with the house are for the breakfast bar that also came with the house.  They aren't dining chairs.", 4.0
"I think they just gave a little furniture because they obviously want you to spend the money to purchase more.", 1.0
"Yes the rooms are small.  I wish they were bigger too, but I don't think my daughter notices so much.  She just likes playing with it.  Although I will admit she uses my coffee table as the kitchen and my ottoman as the parents' room.", 5.0
"The furniture is adorable!  Lots of cute fabric and accessories!  I have a 9 month old so I put all the small pieces away.  I don't think my 2 year old would appreciate them that much anyway.", 5.0
"There are some accessories that are tied to the furniture with strings.  Good idea for someone her age and since I have another baby I'm glad.  I will cut those off for her when she is older and so is the baby, if she cares enough by then.", 4.0
"We have the kitchen, bathroom, parents' room, girl's room, dining room, living room and laundry room.", 4.0
"I haven't taken out the dining room and laundry room yet because the kids room is where the dining room should be.  There is another room downstairs for the laundry room but I think that set seems a little old for my daughter.  She doesn't know what a laundry room is because ours is in our basement.", 4.0
"This house can't really hold all the furniture available unless you use the "terraces".", 1.0
"I also bought the blonde mommy (as a babysitter, aunt or older sister) because I wanted the little girl and it came as a set.", 4.0
"The only other set I really want is the SUV.", 5.0
"I have to admit that I am living vicariously through my daughter because I would have loved this dollhouse when I was a little girl.  I think that's why my sister bought it for her too!", 5.0
"It's a beautiful house and I think well worth the money, especially since it wasn't my money!  lol.", 5.0
"It's probably not for anyone older than ten years old.  I can see how it would be frustrating for them.", 4.0
"I love this toy. My baby cousin who is 21 months old was over and just played with it. Nothing ever kepps her busy for over 10 min. but this toy did. The toys are very hard to find", 5.0
"I am so glad i got this gift for my husband. We and our friends have played this game over and over again.  I just love it.  The rules are sometimes not specific but we just make house rules to cover any questions. We enjoy it so much we wish that it was larger so that more than 4 people could play.  Great buy!", 4.0
"If you like games, this one is pretty good.  It is easy enough for kids, but fun for adults too.  The rules are somewhat vague, but pirates don't really need rules, do they?  I mean, they are more like guidelines than actual rules.", 4.0
"I bought this game for my 15 year old for christmas and she loves it.  It has different levels and modes of play and lots of interesting pirate lore. Every game is just a little different so it isn't just going around the same game board again and again.  The playing pieces are made of metal, the dice are wood, and the treasures gleam enticingly.  The cloth playing "board" has", 5.0
"the look and feel of an old world chart.  Playing the game is fun because you never know what turn the dice will take, and what fate the seas have in store for you.  This game is perfect for pirate enthusiasts, young and old", 5.0
"We received on of these as a gift and enjoy playing it.  The box and pieces are very well made and could be left out on a bookshelf.  It is not, however, a really challenging game, but fun nonetheless.  We did like it enough to buy it for another game lover as a gift", 5.0
"We thought this game was a bit pricey, but you get a much better-made game than plastic-and-cardboard ones for nearly the same price.  Glass 'jewels', metal dubloons, metal ships, velvet purses, and a cloth gameboard all stored in a very well-made wooden bookshelf case with a strong magnetic latch.", 1.0
"The game play is not limited to a preset course or path, but up to the player to determine direction and route.  Treasures can be gathered by raiding, trading, or attacking other players.  Extra powers are received by becoming the "Dread Pirate," but this can be lost in combat with another player.  The rulebook includes basic rules and advanced variations to keep play interesting.", 4.0
"Like all games, die rolls and luck can sometimes play a large part but that always changes.  I expect that it will eventually become monotonous, but long after most other games would have become excrutiatingly boring.  Rules are easy to alter (such as more or fewer jewels to gather) to experiment with other variations and keep it interesting.", 1.0
"Bottom line:  Much more - in both fun and (especially) quality - than other games of the same price.  We have had no 'buyer's regret' from purchasing this game at all.  Top-notch all the way; we could (and have) gotten far less for the same price.  Highly recommended", 2.0
"This game is of the highest quality and we were quite pleased with every aspect of it.  The wooden dice, pewter ships, velvet treasure bags, cloth map, plastic gems and hefty metal doubloons...everything is just so "neat".  We all enjoyed checking out the details of it all.", 5.0
"As far as the gameplay goes, I don't understand why some people would have a problem with the dice rolls.  That is one aspect of the game play we truly enjoy.  It is exciting to try to outroll your fellow players, if you're lucky enough to be the dread pirate you get to add +1 to your roll, and it brings some educational value to the game.  Another part of the game that we found both educational and fun was the cards that come into play when you land on certain spaces of the map.  The cards have directions for you to follow, and they also have tidbits of historical facts on them.", 5.0
"Our entire family loves this game, it is enjoyable for all ages, from our 5 year old all the way up to us 36 year olds.  It is very easy to learn to play, even for the younger children.  There are basic game rules and there are also advanced rules for the older crowd who've gotten used to the gameplay the first few times around.", 5.0
"I highly recommend this game to those who are looking for family games that are both educational and entertaining.  I also recommend it to those who are fans of all things pirate.", 5.0
"I usually hate games like this such as Settlers, Risk, etc.  But this game was absolutely wonderful!  My friends and I had an amazing time playing this game.  It was so much fun.  The game has a little something for everyone.  The set-up is very cool, cloth gameboard, nice and sturdy game pieces.  You also learn sweet pirate facts in the Lore and More on the cards.  It is easy to understand and play, not too complicated.  It is fun, because there is a lot of chance (dice determines a lot) and you can go from having no money to dominating the board.  Very fun, I would recommend it to anyone.", 4.0
"After reading all the negative reviews, I was hesitant to buy this toy for my son.  but he really wanted it, and everytime he saw the commercial he went nuts!!  I bought it in September and put it away for Christmas.  He talked about this thing almost everyday!  Finally on Christmas morning, he discovered that Santa left it for him.  It didn't require much assembly, Just sliding ramps onto the croc.  Our Crazy Croc works perfectly 7 out of 10 times.  It's good for him to see that things don't work exactly the same every time.  We have a great time with it.  The noises it makes are pretty cool, it burps and laughs and says a few phrases, but thankfully it can be shut off.  My 3 1/2 year old LOVES it. The key is to make sure everything is lined up, and to find a car that fits it.  We have about 50 different cars, and most of them fit.  He has his favorites, and most of them fit.  Not every car has to fit, Isn't that the beauty of the world?  That everything is different, works different and gives different results for different people?  I'm certainly glad we got it!", 5.0
"I got this for my grandson (6) who wanted it because of the commercials.  As stated by most of the other reviewers, it just doesn't work.  Everyone who bought it should be able to get their money back, or Mattel should send each one a free car that will work.  It's a piece of junk.  The Terrordactyl works very well, but you'd be crazy to buy the crazy croc.  Maybe we should all send them back to the Company with out complaints.", 5.0
"We bought this croc for our son (5) who loves anything Hot Wheels and found that most of the cars don't work with this. Also, the sounds are annoying to the point of my son wanting it to stop.. which is very rare. Half of the time the crocs mouth won't drop shut, and I agree with one of the other reviews saying that it's nearly impossible to get the car in the boat. We tried and tried and got it in there once. Most of the time the car never even made it to the boat because it flipped over after dropping from the crocs mouth. Amazon is correct in charging only $5 for this toy, it's not worth any more than that.", 5.0
"My son and neighbor kid were totally caught up in Mattel's ad.", 5.0
"Everybody else on-line is out of stock.", 5.0
"Amazon's price is unbeatable - WOW!! - [....].", 5.0
"Sam just got it in the mail.", 4.0
"Perfect pre-Christmas gift.", 5.0
"I know the above sounds indulgent but he loves hotwheels - all types of cars.", 5.0
"The Croc is tricky.", 4.0
"Yes - the sound can be turned off.", 5.0
"Works best with the 1987 Camaro.", 5.0
"I got this for my daughter and she has really enjoyed it.  It came in about 5 pieces that weren't hard to put together, but you did have to make sure they were snapped together well.  The little head came off the first time she played with it, but I found that I hadn't pushed it together hard enough.  It hasn't fallen off again, yet.  It is made for the Little Mommy dolls, which are 14" long and they work well with it. It even has a place behind the ears for the doll's hands to hold on. For the price, I thought it was a good deal", 5.0
"This set is great for the age range, as it has various activities for different physical levels.  We know we'll get several years' use out of it.  It was really difficult to put together, but feels very sturdy and well-made regardless", 5.0
"We bought this for our 2 year old little boy and he absolutely loves it.  He really likes the tunnel and tall slide.  He also likes to pretend with the steering wheel.  My husband was more than a little frustrated at times while assembling it but after it was all said and done he was happy to see that our little guy loves it.  We also got a free sand box which our son also enjoys.", 5.0
"I have always liked Little Tykes stuff anyway, and this slide is definitely no exception in quality, durability and enjoyability!!!  I have 22 month old twin boys and they love it.  They love the slide, the tunnel, the little footholds on either side to climb up and down, and they also love to jump up and down together holding onto the rails on the top!  The steering wheel is also fun.  They roll all their cars down both slides, even their huge cars (another plus about this slide is that it's wide!!!!) and the long slide is super fast.  It's great.  Well worth the money.  We've only had this thing for a month now, but I think they'll play with this for years", 4.0
"We have two boys ages 3 and 20 months. They have throughly enjoyed this toy. It took my husband and I only 1 hour to assemble. My older son enjoyes the higher slide while my yonger son enjoyes the lower slide. They also love hiding underneath. It is very durable and well made. I know that our boys will enjoy this for years to come.", 4.0
"Good toy. Soft, cuddly, well made. My kids love the Webkinz and the website. They are very happy with the cocker spaniel toy", 5.0
"Webkinz Pets are an excellent choice for a child who wants to use the internet and a parent who values internet safety. The pets are adorable and my children are addicted! Fun for parents too!", 5.0
"I just got webkinz for my kid last week. He loves his puppy webkinz very much. However, this website keeps all kids hooked on. What bothers me the most is some pop-up games that allure him to play to keep coming back webkinz site daily in order to earn kinz kash (virtual money of this website). One of the gimmick that this website entices your kid addicts to them is similar to gambling websites, and they really do have a game that no different from the slot machine!! This makes my jaw drop seeing what he is playing!! I couldn't believe it!! Beware your kid might be learning how to play a slot machine at the very early age when you let them enter webkinz website unsupervised!! My wife need to pull him out and tell him that this is not good for kid to play something like a slot machine or gambling-like games, even though it's originate from the webkinz website. Please make sure that parents always have to supervise your kids when you let play webkinz online. This website is not 100% safe for kids. They seem to have a hidden agenda in alluring your kids to become addicted to their games and their sites in order to make sure that your kids will keep their membership once their first yr member expires. Some (or Most) of their games are non-educating games and really not much different from the gambling websites. This webkinz website is not safe for kids. Beware of addiction, and crave for earning more kinz kash which makes it indifferent from gambling websites", 5.0
"This webkinz is he same kind of dog I have. I like this webkin because you get to go know the enternet and by them food,rooms,toys,games and beds. Then you click on things to do and you will see things like arcade,wshop,myroom and stuff like that well got to go so bye bye", 5.0
"My daughter tried to set up her account and it said her code was already in use.  In other word, someone probably stole her code.", 5.0
"So no costumer service help for a month now.  Still waiting for a return phone call.  All I got from email was the run around.  I have a HUGE family.  This is something I would have gladly given as gifts and recommendations because I know it would be fun.  But now I feel totally dissed!  They took my business and then pooped on it", 4.0
"I purchased this for my [...] year old for christmas and we love it. I am always looking for fun educational things for her to do on the computer and this is a gem. Once you purchase the stuffed pet of your choice you register it online and a virtual version of that pet appears on the computer. The kids can earn money playing games etc. They then can build rooms in the house for there pet, take him to the doctor,go shopping etc. In this world of computer dangers this item is excellent and great fun for her, We love it", 5.0
"This cute little guy was a big hit on Christmas morning. He arrived early and was packaged well", 5.0
"Even though the Webkinz toy & website were fun for my daughter, we lost the tag and have tried contacting customer service for TWO MONTHS!!!  No response by emailing through our email, their website or calling.  WHY do they say you have to be 14 years or older to call, if no-one is answering the calls anyway!!!", 5.0
"I don't plan to buy another, or suggest anyone else buy one either, until they can improve their customer service.  What a kick in the face!!!", 5.0
"I just received these blocks today and love them. However I was alittle concerned after reading about the quality of the blocks in the previous  review .I run a daycare and purchased three sets each set is very well made  and are easily stackable, in fact I am ordering two more sets", 4.0
"I first used these blocks in a pre-school classroom. I have searched everywhere for them so that I could purchase a set for my two daughters to have at home. Hooray for Amazon!  These blocks offer hours of fun, are  safe, and easy to wipe clean. Kids love to build pretend villages,  furniture and large towers, and if they tumble no-one gets hurt", 4.0
"As far as toys go, this is by far one of my favorite buys, the overall set is huge, far bigger than I expected.  The sculpts for both figures are top notch.  Highly recommended for any horror fans, a must for a Halloween fan", 4.0
" This set can certainly be used as a toy for kids. However, its real purpose is more decorative than functional. It is designed for display by hardcore Halloween and horror fans. In that regard, it is outstanding. Michael Myers looks just about as I'd picture him from the first two movies. However, I am really impressed with what they did with Dr. Loomis. Loomis is the sort of guy who, if you don't get the likeness right, can easily come out looking like Lenin. The figure looks about as good as something in this size range can look.", 5.0
"   The other features are quite good, as well. The steps and the surroundings are attractive. (They do screw you out of the shrubs that are pictured on the box, however.) Overall, I thought this was beautifully done. The effect is quite authentic. Everything looks just as one would hope. I hope they eventually create more of these, to commemorate the later films, as well. (I personally would pay heavily to see Loomis released featuring his 2by4 from part 5.) If they do make another one, they'll have a hard time topping this one", 2.0
"This is the best halloween toy to own!Very big when put together the size of box is very misleading!Detail is the name of the game here people that see it are amazed with it.You can place fallen leafs  and tree branches were u want them to be the pumpkin lighting up is also a creepy feature.If you are a halloween fan i would strongly advise picking this item up for your collection well worth the cost!!!!!!!The night he came hom", 5.0
"The only difficulty I have with this as a bath toy is that sometimes the water doesn't drain out of the jet ski as quickly as I would like.  My 2-year old son loves it, though and plays with it every night in the bath tub.  He's a huge Diego fan", 5.0
"I bought this item for my three-year old grandson to add to another set.  He really likes it since he is a big Diego fan.  It provides many opportunities to imagine he is an animal rescuer", 5.0
"We love this game!  Our 2 1/2 year old twins are even able to play by themselves.  It's a great way to bring some fun to those cold days when we can't be outside.  And the box makes taking the game with us so easy!", 4.0
"This game is really great and I highly recommend it.  My 3-yr old girl and my 7-yr old boy both really enjoy it.  Even though my daughter doesn't know all the characters, she can search by color and match the pictures on her bingo card to the pictures on the screen.  Because it's random anyone can win which, of course, the kids love. This is also great for grandparents who know nothing about Nickelodeon characters and want a fun, low-key game to play.  Spongebob does a little video tutorial in the beginning, so there are no difficult instructions to understand. That also means it takes just a couple of minutes before you're actually playing.  There are little montages throughout (like 2-min. shorts) featuring various characters to keep their attention.  We can and will play this again and again.  They should come up with a version with magnetized chips so we can play in the car", 5.0
"With two young boys who are always looking to play their video games, this game allowed FUN for the whole family!  The game runs very quickly and is entertaining.  It kept everyone's attention and even my husband and I had fun.  The only way you cannot have fun is if you don't like Bingo to begin with", 5.0
"Quite a few reviews compared ZOOB to Legos which is to compare apples to oranges.  I have been a major Lego fan since I could assemble two blocks, and have already purchased sets for my son, but Legos are more about building buildings, boats, man-made things in general, whereas ZOOB is much more organic allowing you to create living movable things such as dinosaurs, spiders, snakes, creatures of all shapes, including the primordial.  You can also build cars and motorcycles, but the point is this toy is more for building singular objects rather than the cities and villages I used to build with Legos.  The toy is sturdy if handled properly.  It has been entertaining for the adults and children in our family", 5.0
"This toy was suggested by my son's physical therapist to help him improve his wrist strength (writing problems).  He has a lot of building toys but this one works the wrist more and is super fun.  He has made dozens of different vehicles and contraptions with it and really likes it.  I would recommend any Zoobs, but the Car Designer Set was real hit", 5.0
"I think that the zoob racer set is really cool.  I like it cause you can build stuff relly cool out of it.  I have built a submarine, flying machine, racer car that can fly, and some things from the book.  I was really fun, and I want to get more of this stuff.  I really want to try the remote control one, maybe I'll get it for my birthday or christmas.  I think other people should get it.  I really like doing this toy with Mom and Da", 5.0
"Zoob is a great product! Fun and colorful. Easy to follow directions. Fun to create your own stuff, my kids make robots (or something they call robots.) Easy to put together, stay together well and come apart when needed. This is a great toy for a child or adult who likes to create and build. My boys are 7 and 4-1/2 and they play with this together", 5.0
"we got Zoobs years ago and we love them but we couldnt find them anywhere!!! the ones we had bought our kids were breaking from all the use i saw these and didnt think twice about getting them!! my kids make all kinds if things not just the things in the books!!", 5.0
"Zoob car design works with other Zoob pieces to allow for so many possibilities.  Loads of fun, and I think the age recommendation is right on.  My 4-yr-old needed a little help with this one the first couple of times.  This toy does take a beating as the monster trucks fly down the steps and into walls without a broken piece to date", 5.0
"My "not quite four year old" received this product as a Christmas gift.  He loves building toys, and loves cars, and enjoys putting together toy cars.  This is easy for a four year old to manipulate, but allows a child to create his or her own designs.  It works in a manner similar to K'Nex, but the pieces are easier to snap together, and therefore less frustrating", 5.0
"I love ZOOB toys for so many reasons. My sons play quietly for long periods of time, happily being creative and building the most amazing things. We give sets as gifts as often as possible and I am always surprised at how many people are not familiar with the line. The pieces (there are 5 different shapes which are different colors so that one can keep them straight) connect 20 diiferent ways and give you endless possibilities for building fun. It also allows you to make moveable creations (unlike many other building sets). The pieces are very durable. My 180 lb husband has stepped on a few and they survived without a crack. Last Year Santa brought a large ZOOB set and during the year my son remarked on how he wished there were wheels so he could design vehicles. Then we found this set- perfect! It does not disappoint:)", 5.0
"This is a great toy.  Very durable.  This Batmobile was built to last!  My Son looooooves it", 5.0
"I recently gave this car as a birthday gift to a four year old boy in my home daycare.  He loves it so much!  It is very detailed and yet still very rugged.  He has had two problems with it but an older child would have more patience.  It's difficult getting his Batman to sit all the way down in the seat.  And unless he's all the way down, the top won't close and has popped off (it looks difficult to pop off, but this kid has done it).  It's easy for an adult to pop back on.  The second issue has been getting the arrows that shoot out back into the guns.  You have to rotate them until they pop in.  These are pretty minor problems if you have a child with a little patience and the overall quality far outweighs these issues", 5.0
"I saw this toy at my [...] and decided to suprise my 3&4 year old. This was the best money I have ever spent and would have gladly paid 10x that amount. My sons have found many of their other action figures that fit into the cockpit and even have ones whose hands fit on the steering wheel. I am looking for a Batman figure but they are happy while I searching. The sounds, push button action and missle lauching is perfect for little fingers. There are so many additional features on this toy that they have made this their favorite toy. Buzz and Spiderman have now subcum to BATMAN!!!!", 5.0
"i bought this version of the Batmobile instead of the RC version because it was not as pricey and didn't require a separately-purchased, expensive battery. this version is a great Batmobile. the electronic lights and sounds are cool, the rockets hide great inside the chassis, everything looks great. it's great to roll across the floor and startle any sleeping pets. the only problem? the Battle Gear Batman figure i have DOES NOT fit in the cockpit. the cockpit is way too small, requiring you to bend and jam your Batman action figure's limbs and trying unsuccessfully to force it into the cockpit seat, and even then it doesn't fit. i like to take care of my things, since i see them more as collector's items rather than toys. i wanted this Batmobile to be a safe place for my Batman figure, which normally lies out in the open. so unfortunately, this is a big disappointment. oh well, the rest of the Batmobile looks great", 4.0
"My 5 year old was hooked on this toy when it first came out. Now that the movie has just released on DVD and it contains a lot of batmobile footage....he is hooked all over again! My kid is REALLY hard on his toys and most are missing heads, arms, legs, broken or dismantled within a day. This toy is still working 100% and still in one piece! This is not a junk toy and well worth the money spent", 5.0
"All of the kids love this batmobile.  Unfortunately we lost the darts the first day.  :", 2.0
"My 13 year old son bought this toy with a gift certificate he got for his birthday.  And he absolutely loves it! He says, "I like the toy very much! I really, really like it! It launches rockets and it makes lots of cool noise." He plays with it a lot, and it's also good for scaring the cats. lol", 5.0
"The product is impressive but it more delightful if a miniature of batman is included. I thought a miniature of batman is included in this product. Well anyway, the product is impressive", 2.0
"If you're unsure of what to buy for a birthday present, this is it.  I bought it for my 7 year old and every boy from age 4 and up love it.  When we have play groups, all the kids want it", 5.0
"I bought this car for my son to play with his rectangular street rug. These are really cute cars, make of some kind of soft rubber that make them safe for a 10 months old. The wheels are strong enough to be able to roll even on the rug or on the carpets.", 4.0
"The house soft fabric box is great when you want a toy to go.", 5.0
"A cute toy for a cute price.", 5.0
"I love this line and I hope it does well.  This Ace is awesome.  I love that he comes with his flyer and especially with Bud and Lou!  I only wish that Bud and Lou were jointed and possible as opposed to being PVCs (very weighty pvcs I might add).  Buy these toys and maybe Fisher Price will make more Krypto figures", 1.0
"We were looking for a new toy for our then six month-old daughter, when a kind stranger recommended the Triangle as one her child had found entertaining.  We looked closer at it and realized just how much was going on in this toy - each side has multiple different actions, shapes, colors and activities, and there are spinners, rattles and mirrors too.  In essence, you gain five sides of activity, and can extend the entertainment value of the toy by periodically rotating it for younger kids so that it always presents something new.  As they become stronger, they begin to discover that it can be picked up and shook for added interaction, and will also begin rotating to different sides themselves.", 1.0
"While it is just slightly on the large size for easy portability, when we did have room, we were sure to pack it for trips as this one toy provides far more entertainment than carrying multiple others.  Plus, it is well made and very durable.  Now at 16 months, our daughter still carries this around as one of her favorite toys.  We love it and she does too!  We'll certainly be hanging on to this one for the next baby!  A tremendous value", 1.0
"We recieved this as a part of a gift box my mom bought at costco's. I didn't think much of it when I saw it but it was bright and colorful.", 1.0
"Also in the package was a blue hippo that had blocks inside it and a plunger to push them out. Frankly speaking my 6 month old (at the time, now 7months) didn't know what to do with it, and it didn't capture his attention.", 1.0
"However wow! This gadget Triangle! My Goodness!! There is so much to look at and do, he is captivated by it. :)", 2.0
"  He'll play with one side of the triangle for so long that he forget it has activities on the other sides. So every 10 minutes or so, I'll flip it and he will gurgle with renewed enthusiasm and start playing with the 'new' side!", 2.0
"  When my son gets sleepy and lies back on his nursing pillow, often I'll hold it up and turn it back and forth so he can watch the 2 gears race up and down. One of them moves in a zig zag pattern and the other spins, its even fun for me to watch. As a side note, its great exercise for your wrist. It also makes a pleasant sound, when the tiny balls rattle, sounds like your shaking a box of salt, not too loud, perfect for a drowsy baby.", 5.0
"  I also like that:", 5.0
"1. It has so many toys on it but is just one piece, so no lost parts or cleanup.", 4.0
"2. No batteries needed.", 4.0
"3. Its not a loud toy, just loud enough.", 1.0
"I highly highly recommend this toy, its really a bargain!", 1.0
"One update:", 5.0
" At 9 months, my child is still crazy about The Triangle. I believe the whole Infantino gift box with both toys was $[...]. And no batteries needed. :)", 5.0
"What a bargain!", 4.0
"Very little usage and very light usage of this product resulted in a broken rim", 5.0
"My son who absolutely loves all sports cannot get enough of the Hoop Challenge! With two balls, a pump and an over the door hoop complete with separate LED scoring and even crowd noises what is not to love? He can play by himself and practice his free throws and "three pointers" or he can challenge his dad or me or even his sister to a game of one on one. The coolest thing is that this hoop actually recognizes which ball goes in and scores accordingly! The balls are color coded: white and black. The only reason that I gave this only 4 stars is that it doesn't always score correctly and it will score if anything breaks the sensor on the rim, like your hand. The scores only go up by one point instead of two. Also, the crowd noises get to be a bit much; what would really improve this is if you could have a dual switch where you can have the crowd noises on or off, but you have to listen to them if you want to use the scoring system. But this is one of the coolest and most often used toys in our house and will be loved for many many years to come", 4.0
"The basketball hoop was great until the hoop wouldnot stay on the back board. This problem started about 1 week after I received this gift for Christmas. I've been unable to use it since then", 4.0
"A gift for my sister's 6th birthday. I was over-joyed because I had one when I was her age. I ended up decorating the crown, although I'm sure she could have handled it, I just think she wouldn't have thought to make a pattern to make it look nice.", 5.0
"Setting the game board up is a little hard. You have to remember how the colors go otherwise it won't fit just right. It's like a puzzle almost.", 5.0
"The jewlery is just like the classic game, simple and easy to take on and off. Yes it's cheap and that's a good thing seeing as how both my sister and I have forgotten to take off one piece well after we played the game. The jewlery even fit me at 22 so even us big kids can play!", 4.0
"There isn't much difference with this one and the original except you have a Cinderella themed board edges and clock tower. If the original is cheaper then get that one. It won't make a difference to the girl because the game is still the same.", 5.0
"The only downside was when we played with just two players it was hard to get rid of the clock tower (which you need to, to win). We would just end up going around and around the board either trying to get rid of the tower or trying to get the "take any piece" circle to get the crown. We ended up making it so that if you landed on the clocktower after you already have it you can put it back on the game board. I think with three or more players we could just keep circling but with just us we use that  cheat.", 5.0
"Another thing for us was when I tried to open one of the earrings it fell apart and this was the first time we played it. It didn't break, I just had to pop it back into it's tiny holes but it still sucked since it was a new game.", 5.0
"The Pretty Pretty Princess Cinderella Edition game is one of our five year old daughter's favorite games.", 1.0
"We had fun gluing on the stickers and trying to match our jewelry set. Having to wear the jewelry adds to the fun.", 5.0
"It's an easy game to learn and play. Her grandmother enjoyed playing this game and even glued sparkling craft pieces on the bottom of the jewelry box, much to the delight of our little Princess.", 5.0
"As previous reviewer mentioned the game is not 'educational'. While I, too, like educational games,", 1.0
"I don't think that every game has to be educational. Sharing time to play together is rewarding in itself.", 4.0
"The Pretty Pretty Princess Game is simply a sweet little girl's game, one all three generations had fun playing.", 4.0
"My daughters love this game!  It's fun and they pretend with it, so there are extra laughs!  It's too easy for kids over the age of 6 or 7, and I would say that it's a great beginner's game for ages 3.  My 4 year old decorated her crown and has a BLAST playing this game!  The play jewelry is easy to put on, and fun! A", 5.0
"My daughter loves this game. It is not educational, but is usually better than watching TV.", 4.0
"Advantages", 5.0
"- The box takes up little space. I actually like how the board is 4 puzzle pieces for this reason, and do not find it flimsy.", 5.0
"- The jewelry seems as durable as other play jewelry to me, but I have not bought Disney jewelry before.", 5.0
"- The spinner/ jewelry box does seem very durable, and is such a great idea.", 5.0
"- My daughter loves just playing with the jewelry for dressup.", 5.0
"Disadvantages", 4.0
"- Not very educational (little strategy is involved).", 4.0
"- Many fathers would not be willing to play this game.", 4.0
"- The game pieces are so much fun apart from the game, that they may become los", 5.0
"My 5 year old got this as a present and liked it.  However, her 3 year old little sister plays it and enjoys it more.  It does seem a little too simple for older ones but it is entertaining.  Also, it can tend to get a little boring as you continue to play since it seems to take some time to finally win.  Actually we have never played it till someone wins because they seem to grow tired of it before that happens.  All in all, this is a good board game and it is fun to play...just maybe not till the end", 5.0
"We only have the alphabet puzzle, but my almost 2 year old loves it.  She has a lot of patience, and will do th epuzzle 6 or 7 times in one sitting.  There are a lot of little pieces that try to get lost, but I think this is a great intro to letters.  She has started to say 2 or 3 of the letters because we talk about them as she puts them into the puzzle.  I didn't realize that this would be her favorite of all the puzzles we have", 5.0
"My daughter received this gift for christmas along with a play kitchen.  She just loves putting on her apron and oven mitt and baking things.  She even uses the towel like daddy does- like another oven mitt.", 5.0
"This wood version of the game is wonderfully durable.   It looks attractive when playing and when on the shelf.  It has a classic aged look", 5.0
"If you are trying to collect all the cars from Cars the Movie, this one is a must-have!  It matches The Hudson Hornet EXACTLY from the end of the movie (when Disney gets your tears flowing)!  Get it if you are collecting!", 4.0
"I would give the toy 5 stars except it is an obvious marketing ploy to get consumers to, well - buy, buy, buy... and if they are going to do that, I would rather see a replica car of "Tex" instead of a second Hudson Hornet", 4.0
"The car case is really cute and a great idea, but not well made. The latch broke off within days of receiving it. If you don't have the exact cars that are pictured, then they may not fit. The car spots are specially fit for the cars pictured. Save your money on this one", 2.0
"We love this case because it fits all the cars, even the big ones.  We are actually looking to buy another one because so many more cars have come out they don't all fit in one case", 5.0
"My son loves this case.  Its made out of thick sturdy plastic and is nice and rugged. It doubles as a race track, but its kind of small for that.", 5.0
"Even though this puzzle is intended for children, it has another use. My blind mother wished she could remember the placement of all of the states. She said "If only they made a puzzle-like product that had all of the states which would talk when you pressed each state." I searched and searched through all the catalogs of products made for visually impared people and found nothing. Then a friend showed me the Melissa & Doug USA Map Sound Puzzle she had bought for a child. Wow! This was exactly what I was looking for.", 5.0
"My mom found the puzzle easy to use and has spent hours with it. The voice is loud and clear. So far, she has been able to remove each piece, listen to the information, and replace it without getting "lost". The only negatives for this kind of use is that the intended use is to take all the pieces out, then put them back one-by-one. For a blind person, you have to take each piece out separately and put it back before taking the next piece out. Getting an inland state out can be a bit difficult. Also, some of the smaller states are grouped into one piece, so a blind person only can tell that the states are grouped, but can't tell how they relate geographically to each other.", 5.0
"For its intended use as a child's puzzle, it would work fine. Just make sure your child is over the age where he or she would try to swallow a piece. They are small and can be a choking hazard", 5.0
"Wow! In the series, this is the piece to rival Red Riding Hood. The 'twisted' Gretel brings her into the graphic novel-esque dimensions of a girl. The image of Gretel is sexy and looks great from the tattoos to the fishnets & high heels. This far outshines the accompanying Hansel(but sold separately) figure. I'll admit, it's a bit of a sexist view on the female figures sculpting but it's still great art. While Red may be the best figure of the series, Gretel may be my favorite", 5.0
"Tamagotchi connections are very cool.They are usually sold out at lots of places because right now they are so popular.They're really fun to play with because you can play games and enter codes online, buy stuff, and feed them like a real parent would do. They're not the best to bring to school though because they distract you in class. It's usually best to leave them at home and put them on pause. Most people think they're pretty dumb so if you like playing with electronic toys, then you should maybe consider buying one of these.If you decide to buy one of these you might want to buy an extra set of batteries in case yours runs out. They're platinum batteries a tamagotchi can hold two", 2.0
"it is fun! and the colour is awesome. so many new things to do, i can never be bored again", 5.0
"hey i just got this one yesterday and i cant stop playing the games on it i already have 7000 points!!!!!!", 5.0
"my friend has three tamagotchis and they are so fun to play wit! the minis make no sense but still the v3 is so awesome", 5.0
"I looked every where for this! Then i found it at toysrus online but they dont have it they ran out. Man i wish i could have one", 5.0
"  Tamagotchis are cool, cute, fun, nice, ultra hot and amazing! I have like 11 of them! They're the best toy in history! Everyone is tama-crazy! You should get one", 5.0
"My 3 year old grandson is wild about cooking shows especially Emeril.  So is his mom. He would set up on a large ottoman with his mother's pots and pans.  Now he has his own utensils and loves them.  His favorite is his own timer which only times one minute", 4.0
"As the title says, but one corner of the product was broken during shipping or ??? We did not want to wast time and postage returning it, so we patched it up the best we could with tape. Otherwise, a great toy and lots of fun - my son is in 3rd grade and every kid now wants one for themselves", 5.0
"What the heck is the Amozon featured reviewer talking about. IT'S AN ANT FARM!  We better keep an eye on her students.  Anyway, it is a drag that there is no queen.  My grandson was pretty disappointed.  It is probably better to not order the ants at all, left up a rock in sandy loam and grap as many workers and eggs that you can.  Chances are that you will not get a queen but if you get young enough eggs the workers will grow a new one", 4.0
"I had this ant farm as a child and LOVED it. It was very educational and entertaining. The ants created their own little community, along with connecting "highways" (tunnels), a graveyard (they carried the dead ants to one little area of the farm and buried them), and even a food "cellar" (they stored all their extra food in one little area at the bottom of the farm). My ants lived for several months and only died when my mother was cleaning house and tried to move it. The tunnels all collapsed and the ants were killed. I am currently a 4th grade teacher and purchasing this for my classroom. I am going to use it to teach habitats and communitites, but most importantly lifeskills. Ants exemplify so many lifeskills...patience, cooperation, perseverance, endurance, caring, effort, problem solving, etc. WOW!! So much we can learn from one tiny creature.", 5.0
"Took like 2 months to get the ants.  Two weeks for them to die.   We have 2 ants alive.    After two weeks.   I don't know....    We followed the instructions..", 2.0
"Really neat to see ants run through tunnels, have meetings, and dig. They can really work hard! Very durable, but carefull not to scratch it. All in all, a fun pet", 4.0
"The Ant Farm is a wonderful educational toy, but the quality is disappointing as other reviewers have said.  The plastic has rough, unattractive edges from manufacture, and the bottom is not perfectly flat, so it can wobble a little bit.  None of this will matter to my nephews, but certainly the manufacturer should do a better job", 5.0
"We love the Radio Flyer classic wagon.  We use it more than I thought we would.  Our boys love going for rides in it.", 5.0
"this toy is the greatest toy i have ever played with.  every time i played with it was a new adventure", 5.0
"We were very disappointed with this toy that we bought as a gift for a friend's baby. The daughter absolutely loves it, but the suction does not work at all. It is really too bad, because it would be perfect for a high chair toy", 5.0
"I had high hopes for this toy to entertain my 9 month old in his highchair or on the stroller.  While it is a cute and fun toy for him to play with, the suction doesn't work well.  My son was able to remove it immediately with normal play.  I have to actually hold it up for him to play with it.  It is a bummer because he really likes it.....when it is standing up.", 5.0
"My son is 5 and this was a great gift for him.  He enjoys the many different activities associated with each DVD.  Unlike a previous person complained, I was fully aware you needed the special player to view this DVD.  The player is very easy to use and my son requires very little assistance from me. He sits for over an hour playing with each DVD!!", 5.0
"My  4 y/o daughter and 2 y/o son both love this toy.  They enjoy having their very own "CD player".  There are 3 discs that they can play and there is also a convenient storage space on the back of the player to hold the two that are not being played.  I think this is very smart because other similar toys do not have this space and we ended up losing some of the extra CDs.  The microphone is wonderful for them to sing along with.  There is also a three setting volume control... great for the parents!  The only "negative" comment would be that the songs on the CDs are on the short side, with a few barely 10 seconds long.  All in all, a fun durable toy that has remained a favorite with my kids for several months now.", 5.0
"My three year old loves to hear the sound of her own voice and to sing along with the songs.  A fun toy.  It's a little hard for her to put the fake CD's in the fake player because you have to line then up perfectly in order to be able to close the cover", 5.0
"I was worried that my 15 month-old will be to young to start playing with Legos, but she proved me wrong. She loves them and can play even alone. These are little bit smaller than the first set we got, but still bigger than their regular size for older kids. I would recommend this toy to everyone with small children: it improves their motorical skills and coordination", 5.0
"We've purchased this as a complement for the Bulk Tub, and both sets completely fit in the tub, so we use the bucket to store other toys in the bathroom.  These are large duplo pieces, the smallest about an inch square, great for babies starting 6-9 months old. The comments I made for the bulk tub apply, and I highly recommend these for the versatily and creativity. You can make anything out of them, you're only limited by the number (both sets are enough for quite a lot) and by your imagination (I've made, trucks, boats, castles, even a cathedral). It provided great long hours of fun with my daughter now 3 years old. I expect it'll do so until she's at least 6, at which point we may switch to other smaller but more challenging toys (like the reggular legos)", 5.0
"My daughter is 18 months old and she loves to play with blocks. She developed interest in bigger blocks that came with the activity table. She liked to create a tower with it. To elaborate more of her hand-eye co-ordination skills, I bought this 90 piece bucket for her. It is a perfect first blocks set for a toddler. The blocks are not too big like Mega blocks and not much small like Duplo blocks. This size is perfect for their tiny hands to work with. Plus I find the bucket has nice quantity of blocks, not too many to get tired of the mess and not too little so that the young ones get to explore enough", 4.0
"This is a large bucket has 90 pieces in it.  There are lots of the standard shapes, including 57 squares, 13 rectangles, and 2 thin rectangles.  There are also some fun and unusual shaped blocks including 4 squares with eyes on them, 2 squares with slanted edges, 6 rectangles with rounded edges, 1 half round, 2 rectangles with a quarter round cut-out, 1 rectangle with two quarter round cut-outs, 1 windmill blade, and a rounded top piece that the windmill blade attaches to", 5.0
"He absolutely loves these toys, specifically the little people...which he has a tendency to lose and unfortunately Amazon does not seem to carry the people as separate sales items, although they are offered on Wow!'s website in Britain...losing these little guys has been a bit tramatic...please start selling the little people Mr. Bezos", 5.0
"My son received this as a gift for his 2nd birthday and fell in love at first sight. He only had eyes for this fire truck for the rest of his party. Two days later, it is still his favorite toy. I like that it does not require batteries, but still makes some noises. I really think this toy has staying power because there are some features of the toy that my son has not figured out yet. I think he'll have fun with it for a long time", 5.0
"I work with children from infants to 5 years old.  It is a excellent toy for toddlers.It helps their eye and hand coordination and they love watching the balls go down and come out.  It keeps their attention for long  periods of time.  It helps older children learn colors and cause and  effect.  The children I worked with ejoyed it so much I am now buying it  for my granddaughter", 5.0
"None of the toppings have a chance of staying on the pizza except the one that is placed directly in the middle.  The pizza is way to tipsy for any fun at all and the toppings are made of hard plastic.  Trying to think of a way to modify to use it...should just send it back.", 5.0
"Our 5 year old daughter got this as a holiday gift.  It's turned out to be a favorite game for the entire family and friends.  It's a clever, fun, fast and creative game for the whole family.  Even our 2 year old son loves it - however it changes the whole out come of the game.  He stands back and just throws toppings at the wobbling pie but he's entertained for 15 or 20 minutes so that's worth a lot!  We'd recommend this as a birthday gift to kids because it's unique and fun", 4.0
"This is one of our 3 years olds favorite games.  She especially likes playing with her daddy.  She even plays with the toppings in her play kitchen.", 5.0
"I bought this thinking it would be fun for my 4-year-old, but he quickly became discouraged.  The pieces slide off so easily that he was almost immediately disqualified, according to game rules.  His dad and I found it difficult as well.  You have to pile all the game pieces in the middle very carefully to get anywhere with this one.  Where was the quality control when they invented this?", 5.0
"The box says that this game is for 4-7 year olds.  When my 4 yr old son got this last year we discovered that the box couldn't even read 30 years and up.  Both my hubby and my brother tried to play this game unsuccessfully.  The problem is that the pizza surface is too slick and the pieces will not stay balanced up there.  The toppings though are really well made and Isaac had fun making pretend pizza with them but we were never able to play the game.  it was a disappointment b/c it looked so cute.  We bought Topple instead this year, which is the same concept", 5.0
"These are great. My grandson will be 3y/o and loves to paint.The paint cups do help to prevent spillage. It can be filled & cleaned easily.", 5.0
"I would definitely recommend the paint cups,if you are buying the Melissa & Doug  Easel b/c they fit easily into the tray where paint is kept", 5.0
"We purchased this table for our 3 yr old son for Christmas and he was VERY excited to see it set up "under" the tree.  He plays with it quite a bit, loves the track and all the pieces that came with it.  Everything is made of wood and seems to be good quality.  The table top has a nice road and building scene painted on it with bright colors, it's very cheerful.  The track pieces fit with other wooden track pieces from other sets pretty well.  The only thing I would change is for the table to be a little taller.  It's at a pretty good height so that he can walk around the table moving the trains on the track and such, but a little higher table might last him a little longer.  The table was also very easy to assemble.  My husband did it Christmas Eve in less than an hour, with no swearing or throwing of parts!! We think the table is great.", 4.0
"kids play with it every day! well worth the money and makes the $$$ spent on trains even more worth while", 5.0
"WOW!!!!!Love it. Our kids love it. They play for days with it. Great craftsmanship. Lots of parts but worth the time to put together", 5.0
"If you've mastered the 3x3 cube and are looking for a challenge, go for the 4x4.  As we all know, competitive cubing is almost exclusively on the 3x3...however, if you want to bone up on your cubing skills this is a great training cube.", 1.0
"There are so many more combinations and permutations of cube coloring in the 4x4 design...think about it, there are 96 sub-cubes in this version vs. 54 in the original 3x3 cube.", 4.0
"Like many of the other Rubik's products, this cube is not flawless.  Stickers peel easy and there's a bit of squeak in the twist action.  I wouldn't use in a competition, but like I said 4x4s are rarely used for competition.  Buy as a training aid", 5.0
"Good sequil to the original cube.  I've invented my own method to solving it by using 3x3 techniques.  Only two minor problems with the cube.  If you are spinning it really fast, sometimes a cube will pop out, and for some reason the orange colored stickers fray faster than the other colors. But other than that a really good buy", 4.0
"I used to love playing with the 3x3 Rubik's cube as a kid and decided to get it for my son for Christmas.  I mistakenly ordered the 4x4, but decided it didn't matter - still the same kind of fun and challenge.  The day it was opened, the stickers started to come off and when I tried to use it, within the first 30 seconds, four pieces came off, one of which broke and can't be fixed!  I just went online to order the 3x3, but are finding similar reviews about stickers, etc.  WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!", 5.0
"I love rubik's cube I myself can solve a regular rubik's cube but not the big one the problem though is the stickers they peel off about the second day that you use it they need to go back to the way they did it in the eighty's paint that way I don'y have to buy a new one every time a sticker falls of", 5.0
"I bought the cube, and it was in ruins a week later due to the fact that the cube started showing signs of flakiness by the second day: some of the stickers (mostly the white and blue ones) had begun peeling off.  This is beyond belief because this toy should have been designed / built with the durability to withstand some handling; the statement "if you learn how to solve the cube, then you'll be performing thousands of turns on it" is spot-on.", 4.0
"On Stephen F. Yegge Steevey's review replace the word cube with duck. It is really funny XD", 2.0
"I bought the cube, and it was in ruins a week later.  One of the center pieces broke off, and it's irreparable.  I saw it coming, though, because the cube started showing signs of flakiness by the second day:  some of the stickers (mostly the orange ones) had begun peeling off, and the pieces were getting very loose, very fast.  The cube burst side pieces out on two occasions before its final destruction.", 5.0
"I was being as gentle as possible, but if you learn how to solve the cube, then you'll be performing thousands of turns on it.  Both the 3x3 and the 5x5 cubes seem to hold up a lot better than the 4x4.", 5.0
"I'm hoping I can find another manufacturer.  I've played with 3x3 cubes from many manufacturers over the years, and some are obviously better-made and more durable than others.  This isn't one of the good ones.", 5.0
"If you're going to make serious attempts at solving your 4x4, I recommend lubricating it with something.  The cube-solving sites seem to recommend silicone spray (whatever that is).  When I was in high school I'd take them apart and put vaseline in them, which smooths over the "catches" that happen as you turn rows that are slightly misaligned, and also has a slightly glue-y effect that holds it together better", 5.0
"This is a super well-constructed toy, simple and straightforward.  My son really likes it.  Before he was ready to put the shapes in their individual holes, he would just dump them out and put them back in the top.  His hand fits fine into the top hole.  It's a little weighty, but that's not a bad thing, especially since recent studies have shown that kids who play with weighted toys have better muscle tone.  I'm knocking off a star because, as a previous reviewer mentioned, the vertical slots are trickier to use than the slanted ones", 5.0
"The beads are fun, and nice colors are available, with good selection and quantity.  They are a bit small, so hard to use for some one like myself with little hand/eye coordination.  The product came with a good variety of strings and I was able to create quite a few diferent items.", 5.0
"I bought this and was dissapointed.It was not good at turning at all eventually I got angry and threw it straight up and watched it fall and crash into nothing.That was the most fun I've had with that plane.If you're looking for an easy plane to fly buy the Tyco RC sky scorcher it is way better", 4.0
"This was the simplest, ready to go airborne-ready product I have ever experienced. My 9-year old got the hang of it quite easily and it survives "crash landings" with minimum damage overall. It also survived crashing into a lake (which I don't recommend doing this without a remote-controlled motorcraft to retreive the plane) and dried out to fly again!", 5.0
"Fantastic toy", 4.0
"A guy I work with is really in to R/C planes and his enthusiasm has finally spilled over to me. I recently bought this Dominator just because I wanted  "wing" with dual motors...so I went to Wally World and plunked down about $30.00 for this thing. At first, the plane did a sharp right turn and cartwheeled on the blacktop of our parking lot! Surprisingly , there were only a few scuffs...my buddy bent the rudders a little and we tried it again and it flew pretty straight and he got it up at least 200' in the air and it was pretty awesome!  I then flew it a few times with no crashes, but it IS kind of hard to control....you do need a lot of space to have fun with this thing. Something to remember: ABSOLUTELY double charge the batteries EVERY TIME! My flight times are around 5-7 minutes each time. I've learned to get it WAY up in the air as soon as possible and then only a few touches left or right .... it glides pretty nice for a cheap little plane. It does look cool in the air and I like the sound of the motors when turning... I'd recommend it , but only fly it with someone experienced with them at first.....Overall, I'd buy it again!...Oh, use clear packing tape along the leading edges of the wings! Trust me, it makes a difference...", 4.0
"This plane was useless.  It crashed on it's first flight, and broke.  We never could get it to fly right, and it quickly was smashed to pieces.  Don't waste money on this plane", 4.0
"My 9 year old son got this for his birthday and he (Ok, we) love it. We crashed it many times (always on grass) learning to fly it and it has taken no damage at all. Being foam, I would not fly it over any hard surfaces or around trees and houses. We fly it at the local park or the school field where we have plenty of room. Once we got used to the controls, we can now fly it for the full 2-3 minute charge non-stop. I'm now looking at other Air Hogs planes for me so we can fly together", 1.0
"These Creature Peepers are wonderful!!  Our 4-year-old just loves his!  Before we had this, he was always bringing his newly-found "friends" into the house.  Yuck!!  Since buying the Creature Peeper, he still brings his 6 and 8-legged "friends" into the house- but now I am much calmer about it!  He loves to catch all sorts of bugs and study them through the magnifying scopes in the top and bottom of this toy.  Great fun for curious children!", 4.0
"We bought this hot tub a few months ago and we really love it. It was so easy to fill and just plug and play. The waterfull is especially pretty at night. (this is one of the only tubs in its price range with colorchanging water fall and seats built in that we had seen). Being our first hottub we did alot of research and decided we did not want to have to rewire our electric in case we want to move it around. It is made great for the price and the shell is very sturdy.It did take quite a while to heat up (we live near Chicago so it is cold here). But once heated it retains heat well. If considering a tub in this price range I would definately consider this tub. We use it every day, even in the freezing weather right out back on a concrete pad. Only thing we kind of wish we would have bought the X-500 model which seats five and has a lounger seat in it, but I am sure we will be getting our moneys worth from this", 5.0
"I have owned my X-spa for over a year now.  It is wonderful! Just fill it up, plug it in and enjoy.  Does not impact my electric bill at all.  Maintenance free (well, you do still have to clean it, you know).  Works on regular household current, no need to rewire.", 4.0
"Customer service with this company is top notch - great people to deal with", 4.0
"This is a piece of junk. My husband and I went to set it up to surprise our son and had it back in the box before he ever saw it. It is not worth the money", 1.0
"My 5 year old sleeps in this on the weekends. It is very durable. We've had it for a long time.", 1.0
"To the ones who said it won't go up or collapses easily...YOU DIDN'T ASSEMBLE IT CORRECTLY.", 5.0
"It folds up nicely under the bed and it expands so well that it's a bit difficult to move through the hallway. Luckily it's bendable.", 4.0
"I don't know about playing in it though. It is kind of small unless it's for a 2 year old or younger.", 2.0
"Our son only sleeps in it", 1.0
"I am being generous giving this thing a star, it's more like -10 stars!!", 5.0
"By far, the absolute worst toy I've ever bought!!  I paid $19.99 for this piece of garbage.  Within 5 hours of setting it up it collapsed permanently.  No bottom to support it.  It has these silly plastic tubes that you put over both door ways (supposedly to support it) and those were broken in less than 24 hours.  The wire that holds up the tent is very flimsy and bends easily so almost instantly my kids bent it out of shape and once that is done the thing won't stand up.  Four years ago we bought a plastic Hello Kitty tent at a yard sale for a dollar and a friend gave us the plastic house shaped frame for it and that thing lasted years, I was expecting too much from this one I suppose.  Makes me mad since I paid retail for the dumb thing.  DON'T BUY THIS TOY UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY TO THROW AWAY!!!  YOURS WILL SOON TURN TO GARBAGE LIKE MINE DID!!!  ABSOLUTE TRASH!!  Before purchasing this for my son for Christmas he was really into making forts, so I set up a card table and gave him 2 old sheets and some pillows and blankets for the inside and he was a happy camper, thought this would add to his enjoyment since it was Spider-Man!!!  I will be throwing Spiderman OUT and setting up the card table again!!  AND I REPEAT....DON'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED DOLLARS ON THIS ONE!!", 5.0
"Great size and everything, it's just that this tent will collapse if you touch the edges. And knowing kids, it collapses a lot", 5.0
"THE TENT IS TOO FLIMSY. IT CAN'T SUPPORT ITSELF, IT'S AS LIGHT AS A FEATHER & IT GETS PUSHED ALL AOVER THE PLACE BY MY KIDS. THEY DON'T EVEN PLAY IN IT ANYMORE 'CAUSE THEY ARE OVER IT", 5.0
"This toy has been great so far.  I purchased it for my 7 year old who just had to have it for Christmas.  I found the battery pack right on a rack at Best Buy for $20.", 1.0
"The 2 boys have laughed and played for hours with it.  My 7 year old took his Christmas money and purchased an NSECT also by TYCO (all battereies included) and he loves that too.  Only problem now is that the radio frequencies conflict so they cant play with them at the same time.  I should have checked that.", 4.0
"I would recommend either of these toys for boys their age.  I love to watch them light up", 1.0
"My son loved this toy at christmas, however in less than an hour it was broken. The gears had stripped on one side, and it never made it out of the house.  Now, amazon.com was very good in saying they would send another...I sent the broken back...but the toy was on back order until April, 06.  I waited, at the request of my 8 year old son who wanted it so badly...the time came and went...the only way I knew what was going on was by my contacting them...they never bothered to let me know of any problems with the order...but always apologetic.  I finally asked for a refund in April because they told me it was still not available....now I'm stuck with the battery pack that doesn't go with anything else....and after reading all the other reviews, I wouldn't chance getting another one, even though my son did love it.", 4.0
"Before I talk about the toy, everyone please note YOU MUST ALSO PURCHASE THE TYCO PRO FLEXPACK BATTERY PACK.  I'm sure it's just an oversight on the part of Amazon & Toys R Us.  However, the ad for the Shell Shocker only states that the toy requires 2 AA batteries.  So wrong.  The ad also shows that people who have purchased the Shell Shocker have also purchased the TMH Flexpak Battery Pack and Charger.  I followed, but was mislead.  To top it all off, because we opened the package, we were to be charged for shipping to return it.  Wait! There's more.  When you search Amazon for the correct battery pack, you are redirected to BananaToys.com (...)Toys R Us worked it out for us though.  Our local Toys R Us store had the battery pack in-stock (...), allowed us to return the incorrect product to the store, and they credited the cost of the wrong battery & shipping charges.  Thank you Toys R Us.", 2.0
"As for the toy.  It's amazing.  We bought the Shell Shocker for our grandson's seventh birthday.  He absolutely loves it!  I'm sure who has more fun with it--him, his dad, or his grandfather.  Watch the tail--it can inflict pain.  But if you're aware and careful, it's just a blast to play with and watch", 4.0
"First let me say this...ANYONE who does not know to purchase or at least check to make sure that batteries come with ANY toy these days is an idiot. Second...If you had half a brain, you'd charge the thing BEFORE you wrapped it up. That way it's ready to go. Yes...$100 is alot of cash..but we all end up paying it to see the look on the kids' faces. However, all of that that was just stated is a mute point when addressing this toy. It is absolute junk..And if you have gotten more than an hour of play out of it, you are one of the few lucky ones.", 4.0
"  It takes very little pressure on the "fins" to overpower the gears while morphing. At that point, the gears break and you have a $100 paper weight. Now...you can send it back..Amazon absolutely took care of that for us...But what you are going to get in return is the same piece of junk...Only new and shiny, that will be broken in an hour again.", 4.0
"  We purchased two..one for each of the boys. The gears broke on one the first hour. And that was while using it inside. Amazon replaced it very quickly. I think it lasted a couple hours. The second Shocker has the same electrical problem as others are stating. Doesn't want to power up. We even went to the trouble of finding another battery...At a local Wal-Mart of all places. Still does not work.", 2.0
"  Save your money on this one..It looks like a couple of people have lucked out with theirs..But read ALL the reviews. The majority of people are having the same problems. Unfortunately, we purchased ours early on...and there were no reviews to read at all.", 4.0
"I can say now that I have recieved the battery pack that I ordered, It is a blast! My kids and husband love it! THIS THING IS A MONSTER!!!!! It is fun to watch the laughter while it is digging through mud.", 4.0
"Loads of fun!!!", 4.0
"This was the must have toy for my 7 year old. Found one at Toy-R-Us (...); also bought the 1 year replacement plan. Found out about the battery and bought one at the same time. Christmas came a week late and when the present was opened it was discovered Toy-R-Us sold me the wrong battery (should have checked it myself). And if you have already tried to buy this gismo you know the battery is not to be found except on line. Ordered one from Amazon and it was delivered several days later. Charged it up and popped it in; chased my dog around the living room for about 10 minutes and then waited for the next day for my 7 year old to take it outside. I have a back yard about 1/2 the size of a football field, all grass and soft earth from last nights rain. He broke it in 20 minutes. I retuned the unit to Toys-R-Us and they gave me a full refund, even the cost of the replacement plan (by now my 7 year old wanted something else). Okay, but I still have a (...)battery (if you count shipping) and Amazon won't take anything back that's been opened. I went back to Toys-R-Us and they were nice enough to refund me the price of the battery also; they are a class act.", 5.0
"I rated the educational value as 5; that was for me not my son  :-)", 5.0
"It's just like the real thing and taste like it too!  I put this in my mom's purse and she totally freaked out she was like "oh my god is this real!" and she beat the dog with a wooden spoon.  Definately worth the $14", 5.0
"I don't know what to say, other than that this confirms what a loser I am.", 4.0
"Both me and my kids have learned so much from this toy.  We rarely start our children out on real items until they understand the fake ones first.  Therefore, we have been slowly going over each inch of this toy and explaining the bits and pieces to our children.  What fun!  We even made a model of peach pillows to push the toy in and out of.  It really taught them a lot.  Eventually, we moved on to the art of touching and playing with it.  It was really neat when we gave little Robert his first real piece to explore.  He was so experienced!  I believe it was because he had so much practice with the toy first!  Thank you, 'Doggie Done It!'  You really helped us learn to play with our poop as a family and now we truly are closer than ever before.  If only Jimmy hadn't succumbed to that awful problem with dissentary, he could be here with little Robert and Josiah.  Jimmy never was as talented as the other 2 with the quick regurgitation, which is necessary to avoid the ingestion of too much fecal matter, obviously.  So buy this toy", 4.0
"The consistency is all off. When you throw it, it doesn't stick to anything. It's odorless and it tastes like plastic!! Why pay shipping and handling for something I can get for free!", 5.0
"Mckenzie, A.K.A, NO MORE FAKE REVEIWS! Is right,my dad works for Amazon too and is constantly having to talk to people on the phone about making any more reveiws. I finally stopped, i was the one who posted: SO YOU WANT TO BE A BANANA! But from doing that i got grounded for a year with NO Christmas presents", 5.0
"With twin 4 year old girls, I have vast experience with little houses, castles, etc... This toy far exceeds most of them out there, including many disney products and barbie castles. The pieces are small, yet manageable and sturdy. There are enough "tricks" (working light, mailbox, etc..) to keep it interesting, yet not so many that it is too much for a preschooler. The miniature little ponies are adorable and fun to play with. I was impressed with the product considering the affordable price ($22 and it came with an extra free pony). I have paid $20 already for a barbie castle that only comes with tiny thin miniature plastic pieces (that always get lost) and thin, cheap plastic structures that do nothing (no lights, etc..) This product is well worth it", 1.0
"As the mother of a little girl I have alot of experience when it comes to plastic playsets, sadly most of them have little attention to detail and are poorly made, my daugther started eyeing this when it first came out in the stores and asking for it. She just received it for her birthday and I think I was almost as impressed with it as she is in love with it.", 4.0
"The attention to detail is amazing on a $20 plastic toy, working lights (batteries included!), mail box that opens (and is full of letters actually addressed to different ponies), working drawer w/ bottles inside that snap onto the top, little shower brush, etc.", 4.0
"She's been playing with it and the smaller ponyville sets I got her nonstop for days, excellent value", 5.0
"I'm a 21 year old My Little Pony collector and recently a friend at work brought my attention to the "Ponyville" mini ponies, which I was initially skeptical about. But oh my gosh! I think I like them more than regular ponies! Sorry, girls!! The ponies are small, but sturdy and you don't have to worry about their hair getting tangled because they are all moulded plastic, but with fabulous attention to detail!", 5.0
" Pinkie Pie's balloon house is such a wonderful playset, and if you're going to buy one playset, buy this one. It's more fun than the Sweet Shop, in my opinion. The froggy is adorable, and removeable from his fountain. The house itself snaps shut so your little one can carry it with her. The tiny pieces either have pegs to hold them in place or can be put in the tiny drawer in the bedroom. I LOVE how precious the bathroom is, even though we're left to wonder; Where do My Little Ponies answer the calls of nature?", 5.0
" There are also "add ons" you can buy, such as Triple Treat's ice cream thingie and Sunny's swing. They are each around $5! In conclusion, this playset is sturdy, well made, clever and doesn't take up nearly as much room as a regular MLP playset, and you can infinitely add on things, making it more fun (I embellished mine with the new McCdonalds toys and other Ponyville accessory sets). Make sure you get one for your little girl", 2.0
"My daughter absolutely loves this playset. It's fairly small compared the 'normal' sized playset and comes with different mini-ponies (depending on where you buy it). The mini-ponies are about the size of the littlest pet shop figures, without the bobbling heads. The accessories however are TINY, and I wouldn't recommend this set around any child younger than 4. The mini-ponies themselves are fairly sturdy and solid.", 4.0
"There's a lot of attention to detail to the playset. The are also lots of cute accessory sets that can be purchased for under $10. I like the fact you can buy packs of the mini-ponies for around the same price as a regular sized pony. This is a great way to have a good sized pony collection for your child, without having to give up lots of room. All in all, I think this Ponyville theme line of mini-ponies from Hasbro is a keeper and a nice addition to the My Little Pony world", 5.0
"I bought this after reading the reviews that were positive for this little gym.  At 3 months of age he does enjoy kicking the gym and getting the music started.  My sister-in-law says while yes it is loud, it isn't anything that seems to be bothersome to my nephew.  It gets his attention and keeps it....for a little while at least", 5.0
"We bought this for our son when he was 2 months old and he has yet to be interested in it. The music is very loud and he has no interest in playing with any of the buttons or objects on it. He does kick it and push it away from him, so I constantly have to push it back towards him. At 4 1/2 months old, he still is not that interested in it, but we keep trying it out each day to see if it will spark an interest.", 5.0
"this has been a wonderful toy for my son who started using it at 2 months old. it entertains him for a good 15-20 minutes in which time i can get the must do list done. he loves to kick it to make the music play and by 2.5 months he was batting and grabing at the toys. i did have to put a pillow under him to raise him the first couple of months so he could reach. other parents have complained that it moves when their baby kicks it, i just placed it against my coffee table and it doesnt budge. i would love to know however, if anyone has figured out how to adjust the volume. this is a must get", 5.0
"We were given this as a gift when our son was about 5 months old. He has loved it ever since. First he would lay under it and kick at the toys, then we changed it so he could sit in a Bumbo seat and hit the toys, then we changed it so he could stand at it, now he is walking at 10 months and loves to walk over to it on his own. I think our son was an active guy and probably was destined to be an early walker, but I credit this toy with keeping him interested at many stages of his development and helping us to encourage his interest in standing. It has always been easy to change the set-up of this toy so that he is not bored by it. Whenever we have play dates with other babies, they love it too! After having it in his life for 5 months, he still loves to play with the buttons and rattles. I'm sure he'll continue to use it as he gets older as an art table or something. Highly recommended", 5.0
"My little one got her fingers stick it the toy. I had to tape it off. Still not a very fun toy at all", 5.0
"My son likes playing with this toy now that he can sit up on the green bench and play with the buttons.  When he was younger and not able to sit, we would put him under it and have him kick the bench.  When he was able to kick it hard enough to make it play music, the toy would move across the room because there is no traction on the bottom of it to prevent it from moving.  This is a great toy for when the kids are able to actually play, but not a good toy to use as a kicker.", 5.0
"My oldest daughter received this as a gift when she was three.  She spent hours playing with all the dolls and all of their outfits.  Five years later, my second daughter (who is now 4) pulled them.  She loves them too!  She spends so much time picking out costumes and dresses. And my 3 year old niece pulls them out every time she comes over.  These are much nicer than the ones I had as a kid!  No tabs!  They stick with sticky tape that is easily replaced if needed.  And the book has many different scenes to place the dolls in.  Also there is a nice place in the back of the book to store all the pieces.  They go in these little drawers and dressers and closets that fold back into the book and then close with velcro.  They can get messy when the girls have every single piece spread out on the table, but they sure have fun!", 4.0
"This Monopoly game was exactly what I was looking for. I was impressed with the durable wooden property houses and metal player pieces. The "Chance" and "Community Chest" cards are neat too because they are relevant to 1930's history.", 4.0
"There are only two things I can think of that they could have done a better job with. First of all, there aren't enough houses and hotels. I played a full-length game with several others, and by the end of the game we were using household jiblets to signify houses and hotels. Secondly, the property prices are not printed on the board. The game comes with a paper sheet that lists property values. It was cumbersome to have to keep referring to and easy to lose track of.", 5.0
"It is the same as the original but a collector might like it", 5.0
"Everyone of the kids at my daughter's daycare (she is 1, they are between 15 months and 4) love the smaller version of the monkey. I accidentally bought this bigger version -- but still to rave reviews. He is cuddley (more so than a typical beannie baby) and has a sweet face", 5.0
"this was a gift to my girl, and she absolutely went giddy for it.  She renamed him to Sam, and he rides around in her backseat.  It's a cute toy that every monkey lover should love", 5.0
"Our family truly enjoys the Rush Hour game and tried this one as well - it is bigger and bulkly and convenient for travel.  I alos find the puzzles to be a bit easier.  The pieces don't slide as well as Rush Hour", 5.0
"I knew this game at a friend's house and love it even I was 30 already at that time.  I bought several when I went back to visit my family and they all love it.  When I told my mom that I would give my brother's 1st grad boy a set, she told me he won't like it since he doesn't like the brain games.  But he loves it soon after my sister explain to him the rules and he enjoys to do it.  My little one, almost 23 months old now, likes those animals and loves to put all of those animals to the board one by one and kind of learn the size and arrange the place.  It's not only for 8 and up", 4.0
"I bought this for my 6 year old. She played with it for an hour the first time.  It is a game she can play solo. After using the Junior cards, she went on to the beginner. She is still progressing.  This is a great thinking game. I highly recommend it", 5.0
"This game is so much fun!Let me tell you a secret about this game.You can look on the back of the cards to get clues to beat the level that your playing if your stuck.So this game is so fun", 4.0
"My 7-year-old daughter loves this activity. There are so many active toys available, but Binary Toys has the best strategic-play games around.  We play together often with this toy; I find it as much fun as she does.  But, she would just as soon sit at the kitchen counter playing it by herself.  We take it on trips, and all the relatives enjoy it, too.  Since the &quot;solution&quot; shown on the back of each card is straightforward to follow for an adult but not for a child, she is never tempted to turn the card over and &quot;cheat.&quot;  Instead, through trial and error, she eventually escapes the safari and moves to the next card.  Having the wide range of skill level cards helps keep everyone interested.  Having the handy cloth case for storage is appreciated as well", 5.0
"Forklift works, load attaches with magnet.  Although Trix is a lesser Bob the builder character, my son does play with the take along Trix.  Has the honor of being included with other toys in clay, dirt, water, concrete.  After 2 months HARD play holding up well", 4.0
"This toy is great as an instant source of fun because it assembles very easily and quickly.  It opens up big but stores flat, another advantage.  My only reservation is that the frame may get bent with alot of active use", 5.0
"We bought this product for my 2 year old son for his birthday.  He absolutely loves it!  He and my 5 year old son can play for hours with it", 5.0
"My 3 year old loves to play in it and he even has a fire hat to go with the truck. He put it over his toddler bed and had a tent to sleep in too", 1.0
"This product is great.  Good design and easy to store.  Kids love it", 5.0
"Looove this toy!!! We would highly recommend it...Our three year old loves playing with it, in addition to it being a fire truck, my son has used his imagination and has made it into a Mail Truck, an Ice Cream Truck, a Bus, and it makes a great tent when we put a sheet over it. It is very flexible and sturdy.  I also love the fact when we are finished playing with it, it easily folds up into a compact package and can be put away.  It will easily fit into our suitcase and plan to take it when we go visit grandma over vacation!!", 5.0
"I gave this to my youngest nephew for Christmas, and just received an email from my brother stating that my nephew plays in it all the time.  As his daddy is a volunteer fireman, he likes to emulate him in every way.  This is a great product and I'd highly recommend it to anyone", 5.0
"I bought 2 of these (and a school bus) for Christmas presents for boys ages 4, 5 and 6.  Talk about being the hit of the day!  Very easy to set up (they basically just pop open) and put away.  The kids loved them and hey, they can use their imaginations!", 5.0
"My 20-month-old son adores his fire engine. It is extremely durable and I have little fear of it tearing, even when our golden retriever tries to get inside to play, too! I love that it easily folds up to a very compact size that I can just slide behind the couch for the next day and don't have to leave it up at all times when he's not playing with it like other similar products.", 5.0
"I wanted to point out that this product IS made of quality nylon, not plastic like an old review states. There was no toxic smell whatsoever when we took it out of the box or went inside it. The windows and openings are not covered with plastic either so there is plenty of air circulation. There are two openings on top, and 4 or 5 windows, plus a crawl door in back and a full size door on the side. Both are just hanging nylon doors that you can roll up and tie if you choose so they are not in the way. The "floor" of the fire engine is also completely open so if your tot trips and knocks it over, they won't be trapped inside.", 4.0
"It is very lightweight so kids should take care not to lean on the sides, just like any other tent-type toy. My son enjoys pushing it around the house because it is so light. It's also a great place for stashing all his toys. He loves to piles up his favorite toys inside! It holds it shape very well despite all the play time it receives. I think it's a steal at this price for hours of open-ended play and endless potential as your child grows", 4.0
"We gave this to our son for his fourth birthday and he loves it!  It's so easy to set up and folds up flat in just a couple minutes", 4.0
"MY GRANSON LOVED HIS LAPTOP HOWEVER HE KEEPS THINKING ITS A NEW CHAIR. WHEN HE GETS OLDER HE WILL KNOW WHATS ITS FOR. I THINK IT IS A GREAT STARTER LAPTOP FOR ALL CHILDREN", 4.0
"This is an excellent toy.  I am very pleased with it.  I purchased it as a Christmas gift for my son. I got a bonus because my nearly six year old loves it too.  I must say that the six year old is too advanced for the skills it teaches, but it is good reinforcment.  Four would be about the right age.  This toy teaches the pre-kindergarten skills such  colors, shapes, counting, alphabet, etc.  The pooh characters are adorable.  The lid closes and the handle for carrying is convenient.  I would highly recommend this toy", 5.0
"I got this because my daughter wanted me to get a toy laptop for her baby son, because he keeps trying to grab theirs. Most of the modes are too advanced for him (he's not one yet), but even at his age you can set it to "music" and it will play a different tune for every letter or set it to "letter sounds" and when you push a letter, the letter comes up on the screen, it says the letter and the sound it makes. He will have fun with the other games later. The price seems to have gone way up since I ordered it for 44.75 - Look around before you bu", 4.0
"I actually found this at Marshall's for a lot cheaper and was glad since my child rarely wanted anything to do with it. I got it to help entertain him in the car ~11 months but it only frustrated him with the poor attchment sites. He kicked it off quickly. At home, as he has gotten older, he occasionally picks up the phone to "talk" on it but since there are few noises, he got bored quickly. He's almost two and it just kept collecting dog hair and dust on it. I tried attaching it in his crib which secured better but he ripped it off too. Overall I would not recommend it for the car and most kids probably would get bored with it too. We'll see when my second arrives this year", 4.0
"In general this was an ok product.  It was too big clumsy for the car but my son liked to play with it in the house.  It would be a good buy at $15 but no more than that", 4.0
"I was expecting something nice looking, something that looks like 30$ or so worth. But instead we get this cheap looking cloth made crappy thing. The baby never liked it. I wouldnt pay more than $5 for this item. I think its a scam, they make people think its so good but then you get that.", 5.0
"Please dont buy it or you will be disappointed. Thanks", 5.0
"we received this toy as a gift for a 1 year old daughter who liked to pretend she was driving.  it didn't attach to a 20lb+ car seat. so obviously, it didn't stay in our child's lap for very long, and it would drop to the side. it wasn't entertaining either. we ended up selling it at a garage sale for $1. and instead we bought the mickey mouse driving wheel roadster that lights up and plays tunes, and it was an instant hit", 5.0
"A fun toy that gives young children something to do in the car", 5.0
"This parachute is alot of fun.  My kids love to play with the parachute.  Not only do they play with friends, but it has become a family fun game.  My kids love to see howlong they can keep a ball bouncing on it.  Durable and easy to store", 5.0
"We're really satisfied w/ our purchase, this is not expensive as the other ones and made of excellent material, hours of fun!!", 5.0
"This is an incredibly versatile and durable toy for all ages", 1.0
"I bought this parachute to use with my kids and my neighbors, which will happen come spring.  I also run a moms group at my local library and bring it with me most weeks.  The kids are all 3 and under and love it each time we use it.  They help hold it, run under it, stand under it and get static hair and even sit on it and we spin them around singing songs.  It is very large, and great for a group of kids. I would recommend to all.  Enjoy!", 1.0
"My two year old son fell in love with parachutes during his Gymboree play classes.  After just a few weeks, I decided that I needed one for home so we could continue the fun there and invite the neighborhood children to join in.", 2.0
"All kids love parachutes and there is so much you can do with them.  He loves being dragged around the house in it, hiding under it, using it to send one of his teddy bears flying through the air and making it go up and down with the other kids.", 1.0
"The only reason that this product receives three stars is that it was smaller than I expected.  The product dimensions are clearly stated but I had difficulty transferring those dimensions into how it would work.  It is difficult for the kids to run under the parachute because it is so small.", 4.0
"Very good for the price but I will need to buy a larger one", 5.0
"This parachute is a lot of fun!  Kids come up with all kinds of uses for it, but our favorite game is to put the baby underneath the parachute in the middle and just pull it up and down.  He gets a kick out of it and the older kids love to see his reaction.", 5.0
"This one is bigger than I thought it would be, which is a good thing, but unfortunately we actually don't have enough people to play with it when my husband is not home.  If each person holds onto 2 handles it can fit about 5-6 people around.  But if you have only 3 people to play with, while it still works, it's more fun with more people.  But I guess that's the way all games/toys should be!", 5.0
"Definitely recommend this for outdoor (or indoor with a lot of room) activities with lots of kids", 5.0
"For the past several years I have vollunteered at my kids' school for their anual field day, and I am always assigned the parachute activity.  From grades K-5 most kids chose this as their favorite.  There are so many games and activities for this simple parachute, I even enjoy them with the kids.  So of course I had to buy one for home.  I have three kids ages 8, 7, and 3; we all have fun together", 5.0
"We used this at our daughter's 3rd birthday party and the kids loved it.  It is very durable and fun", 4.0
"With parachute play, we had campers ranging from two years old to over 60, and everyone was able to participate- together. Little ones ran under the billowing, bright nylon. They played with a giant beach ball under the covering like they had their own live forthouse, then we put the ball on top to see how many consecutive times we could cooperatively toss it from the parachute's center, then catch it to send it aloft again. Game possibilities are endless. Having ten sturdy, comfortable web handles all around the edges made it manageable for big and little hands alike. The parachute packs up small and light in its accompanying nylon bag, so we could use it as filler play for 5 minutes between activities, take it to the beach for anytime to warm up from the water, and even tote it on our hike to use as instant shade when draped over a piece of string strung between two trees! Every family taking a road trip should have one of these as standard travel gear along with a soft frisbee and a kickball. One unexpected benefit: This is a perfect solution if you're looking for a colorful, lively photo op to advertise a camp, children's program, cooperation seminar, or just to capture a memory that will make your heart smile", 4.0
"Skip load flips to reveal another color to signify load is dumped.  Doesn't really help to explain the roll of a skip loader to my son.  But my son plays HARD with his take alongs and Skip has endured 2 months of HARD play in water, clay, dirt, and on concrete and is still in great shape.  For a lesser character, its a last one to buy if you have the money or like the character. 2 stars for education as it doesn't really teach the roll of a skip loader in construction and no magnets", 4.0
"This joystick is a wonderful blast from the past.  It plugs in easily to any tv and was a great attraction at our last party.  I got it for my husband for his birthday and it was definitely the gift of the year!  Everyone wants one...", 5.0
"I used to play Galaga forever in the arcades when I was 12.  When I plugged this in and played it I couldn't put it down all over again!  I have Playstation, I have XBox, I love video games.  But there's nothing like going back to the basics.  My six year old and three year old ask me to play it all the time.  The fun is not lost on them even though they play games on the computer and on the Playstation, games with far more detailed graphics and storylines.  Truly a bargain", 4.0
"I think this game is great.  I remember playing it at the arcade in the early 80's.  My sister and I were addicted to it.  After a while it faded away and we missed it.  My daughter bought me this game and I was so like a kid again.  I am enjoying it to the hilt.  It is definately worth the money that it cost, which was surpisingly inexpensive.  I recommend it highly, especially for those who remember it back when.", 5.0
"Very portable, inexpensive, quality product. Plays just like the arcade and is just as difficult so you wont get bored of it quickly. Get more than one because it is an excellent gift idea and you wont want to part with yours, it's that good", 4.0
"This is a great game system to pick up and take with you on a trip.  I use this on call with an old tv with mono input av jacks.  This gaming system has MS. Pac Man, Pole Position, Galaga, Mappy, and Xevious, all classic arcade games.  Ms Pac Man is true to the arcade, and has the feel of it as well with this controler.  Pole position is the closest I've seen to the arcade version, with the joystick turing as a steering wheel (very neat).  Mappy is an interesting game of an mouse trying to nap a cat on the loose in a museum.  Galaga is a lot like space invaders, with more difficult ships to blow up, and xevious places you behind the helm of a spaceship flying over land, blowing up enemies (a lot like tiger heli for nintendo).  very cool system, great value from around 6-12 dollars.  Worth picking up.  Much better than some games available today. Four AA batteries, then plug and play, Family friendly!!", 5.0
"Bought this puzzle for my [...] and [...] grandsons.  They loved it,  particularly the younger boy.  It is a beautiful and sturdy puzzle", 5.0
"Of the floor puzzles we have bought, this one has the thickest cardboard, the glossiest surface, and the most vibrant colors", 4.0
"My 4 yr old daughter loves dinosaurs, but not puzzles so much.  She does like this puzzle though, because the large, sturdy pieces fit together well and stay where they are put.  Also, the bright pictures make finding the right pieces easy and matching colors fun.  All the kids are impressed with the size when the puzzle's complete.  Also, the cardboard box has held up as well as the pieces, but the puzzle comes with a paper insert picture to use when putting together, just in case.", 4.0
"I just recently bought this item for my younger sister who is actually studying Psychology... needles to say she loved it!", 2.0
"From the hilarious packaging including some of his most notable quotes to his phallic cigar, this item makes the perfect gift for anyone interested in Psychology, whether they agree with Freud's theories or not.", 4.0
"The seller did also a great job in packaging and shipping it so the box came in perfect conditions, as my sister obviously sees this as a collector piece to be placed in her office...   =)", 5.0
"And yeah, he looks like the typical movie villain, cigar included...", 5.0
"This toy is lots of fun. I like to play with it using my old GIJOE toys. My favorite scenario is to have Sigmund Freud kill off Cobra Commander, and then take his place as leader of Cobra: The Enemy. With his cigar, he works really well as an evil villain. (Plus, he likes to torture the good guys that they capture by tying them up and putting his cigar out on their bare chest.)", 5.0
"It is lots of fun to play with. The final battle usually takes place on the rug at the foot of my bed (which substitutes for a jungle), where Snake-Eyes challenges Sigmund Freud to a duel in order to avenge the death of Duke and all the other Joes. (Snake-Eyes is always the only surviving Joe left.) Sigmund Freud then tries some ninja moves to kick Snake-Eyes' rear, but Snake Eyes beats the crap out of him. It finally ends with Snake Eyes using his sword to gut Sigmund Freud, as his sword slowly slides out of his bloody entrails. It really is a lot of fun!", 5.0
"Sometimes I do a Transformer Crossover Universe, where Megatron comes in and has Sigmund Freud join him in some plot to obtain energy in order to build the ultimate weapon and take control the universe. The Joes always have to go get help from Optimus Prime, who always puts a stop to this plot just at the last minute, but not before his arm gets chopped off in battle. (I am actually missing Optimus' arm in real life, so that's why this always happens in the story.)", 5.0
"Anyways, Sigmund Freud is great fun for the whole family! Especially 10-year-olds (and above). Buy it today", 5.0
"This hilarious line of "action figures" only gets funnier and funnier as more and more of them become available.", 5.0
"I bought the Freud action figure for my mother, a therapist who agrees with just about nothing that Freud ever said, and she now has it placed in her office, sardonically, of course.", 5.0
"This makes a great gift for your favorite mental health professional, whether they love or loathe the man.  Either way, it's funny", 5.0
"As we fill up the house, the kids are having great fun with this room, playing mom & dad do the laundry", 4.0
"The loving people dollhouse is so cute!  My daughter pretend plays with hers all the time!!!  The furniture like this one is so realistic and has things that move and such which make play time even more fun!  They are built to last.  I never have to fix these toys which is a nice change from most toys!  GREAT TOY", 4.0
"Got this toy for my daughter for Christmas. Both she and my son loved it, but it only comes with 8 or so pieces of cardboard and you go through them quickly.  I bought refills, which were hard to find locally and they also last about 5 minutes.  As other reviewers have said, get your own cardboard, any neon color works well, and use one of the original pieces as a stencil to cut them out.  It's much cheaper than buying the refills if you don't mind a little bit of extra work. I bought regular cardboard which curled up after they came off the toy, but we can put a book on them when they are dry to flatten them out.  Cleaning isn't too bad either.  Just a couple of papertowels and voila!  It's clean and ready to be used again.", 5.0
" My duaghter who is 3 1/2 years old got this toy from her grandmother.  I was a little hesitant at first.  I remember something similar when I was child and it made for massive clean up when done.", 4.0
"  So I have been putting it off getting out for my daughter.  Who has asked me non stop for the last two months.  I kept saying it was special toy for a special day.  Her not knowing I just didn't want to deal with the hassel of the whole thing.", 4.0
" Well I got it out today.  It's humid and raining and I thought I can't put it off forever.   THis toy is great.  It was so much fun and really there was hardly any mess.  I instructed her less is more on a project like this but I don't think it made a difference.  With each paper change I did wipe it down with a wet paper towel and that was it.  They think it's super cool because you use it with all the lights off.  It's also nice because it comes with the batteries.", 4.0
"This is a real winner.  I highly recommend this toy and don't put off playing with it either like I did.", 4.0
"I bought this toy for my daughters birthday (3) and everyone in the family loves it, her father had to make a picture of his own while the both of them argued over whose turn it was", 4.0
"I bought this for my oldest daughter who is 10 for this past Christmas, and I have to admit that I was worried it was for younger children. She loves it !!", 4.0
"This has got to be one of the best things i ever bought my kids!!!!!!!!!!! Even the adults loved it and we have found that you dont only have to use the paper we even put 4x4 household floor tiles on it making sure they were centered and the kids painted them not only with the paint that came with the thing but with the paint you find in any craft store. then we sprayed them with clear spray paint and you can use them for coasters or as i am gonna do use them for a back splash made by my kids. This is a MUST BUY TOY FOR ALL AGES my 4 year old grandson was even able to use this with no problem, and they have ran the thing for many hours and it is still using the same batteries that it came with.", 5.0
"My 7 year old son absolutely loves this toy.  It doesn't come with much paper; however, I bought black card stock at Michaels arts and crafts store and cut it to size...now he is back in business.", 5.0
"As the paper spins, the music plays (you can also turn the music off), and the black light in the background makes the neon colors glow(especially in the dark).  The effect of the glowing, spinning artwork is amazing!!  With this toy, anyone can be an artist!!", 1.0
"We found the prices on the internet way too high, but our daughter loves the movie, and this is one item she felt she could wait to get (she is 3). Well, we wandered into Walmart, and got it for a LOT less than on here, and she has played with it (the three cars with it she had avoided buying other ways) ever since.  Mack can pop off his trailer just like in the movie.", 5.0
"For us, one other advantage is that my in-laws have a car hauling business, and Mack looks nearly like thier trucks.  They have a part to thier trucks that goes over the cab and right behind that allows 3 more cars to fit on.  But, the way the truck works is accurate enough for loading and offloading cars.  Anyhow, for our daughter, that is an added bonus that it looks like the trucks she has seen all her life.", 5.0
"I definitely recommend the set for those interested.  But, I think anything over $25 is too high for the way it is made is all", 5.0
"I just got this for my 3-year-old son. He loves it! I bought it at Wal-mart for $19.95. Great deal because it comes with 3 cars. This truck doesn't have closed panels like the real Mack in the movie, but my son can use his little fingers to push cars all the way in through the open wall. I think this is much more fun than the real version.", 5.0
"I'd actually like to give it zero stars. The photo makes this product look like a decent sized truck when in fact it's a fraction of the size. Excellent example of false advertising. I guess the "1/32" was the clue that this was NOT in fact a full-sized toy. I recommend you stay away or the recipient will be disappointed, as mine was. I will no longer be buying toys via this method", 2.0
"My 3 year old loves this book. The games are fun and easy for a preschooler. His favorite is matching the fish and echo cave. He likes the Spongbob book much more that the book that came with the leap pad unit. My five year old has a leap pad plus writing system and tons of books, but he will get this one out and play with it once in a while too. I highly recomend this one!!", 1.0
"I love the My First LeapPad system and my son has so much fun using it.  Unfortunatly, the SpongeBob Square Pants Best Friend Adventures I purchased was defective.  What I first noticed was that the pages were just a tad too wide to fit into the system.  I could tell from comparing it to other books that there was extra space on one side.  I tried to remedy this myself by shaving off a tiny bit to make it fit into the system.  Once it fit and we tried out the book I found that all the sensors or touchpoints were way off, an inch or so in some cases.", 5.0
"I called the companies customer service department and through the conversation also found that the pages were out of order and possibly missing.  The gentleman was very nice and helpful and sent me a replacement book.  But that book didn't fit!  And it had the same problem with the pages being out of order.", 5.0
"I have emailed the company and asked to have a replacement with a completely different title.  I think 2 defective books of the same title is enough of a hassle and we will move onto a new one.  This was the only book we have had trouble with.  All the other titles have fit and worked just fine for us.", 5.0
"Kudos for their customer service department though!", 5.0
"We have at least five other Leap Pad books, but this one is by far my son's favorite. The activities are better too (we just love composing music on the "Get Ready to Rock" page). I'd definitely recommend it", 5.0
"I'm not sure what the people are talking about with the three foot radius. That's how mine were at first, but I finally figured out how to make them work. They are more or less of the average 2 mile radius. I wouldn't expect too much, come on people! These are KID's toys! They aren't going to give a 7 yr. old a pair of hundred dollar talkies, now would they? The main trouble was getting the battery. After we had the batteries in, it came the testing time. They work pretty well, Except if it is below 60 or 50 degrees. Then, Only one will work, and not even that well. But, I have figured out how to make them quiter without turning them off! Hold you're hand over the mouth piece really tightly... It should elimanate most of the static. But, for ten dollars, these are a very good pair. I am however saving up for the Uniden Ten mile radius 20 dollar adult walkie talkies", 5.0
"We bought these for my son, who was very eager to have a pair of working walkie-talkies.  They work well, at a substantial distance, HOWEVER, when you are not actually speaking into them (i.e.,pressing the 'talk' button) they emit a continuous, loud, unbearable static noise.  With all of today's technology, it's hard to believe they couldn't manufacture something better", 5.0
"Don't buy these. They don't work at all. Even just a few feet away, all you'll hear is static and not even a hint of the other person's voice. I purchased a pair at a brick-and-mortar store, and returned them", 5.0
"My son (5 yrs) recieved this for Christmas. The neighborhood girls love to play it with him.  We also have sleepovers of 4 extra boys ranging from the age of 3 yrs to 7 years and they ALL loved it.", 5.0
"We put a heavy book on each side of the end of the track, like the directions say, and it works great. We also put a pillow in front/behind the door to keep it from moving.  These kids have gone so far as to make a cardboard target and place it so they can 'get points' each time it comes Zooooming down and hits it. We get big screams when the cardboard'ring of fire' is used and the car goes thru without hitting it(this comes with the set).", 5.0
"This elevator is a great invention.", 5.0
"The only thing I would change is the grey piece under the track that holds the end of the track up.  It often comes loose and the car will jump off the end straight instead of jumping up. I guess we will tape it until we get more track to add to this baby. Great FUN!", 5.0
"My son received this for his 4th birthday.  He and his older brother, age 8, have spent lots of afternoons playing with this toy and trying out all of our cars.  They have a great time and I think this is a great product, much better than some of the other hot wheels tracks we have gotten in the past.  This would make a great gift", 5.0
"My 5 year old received this for Christmas.  We set it up and it works fine.  He has no problem getting the cars up to the top to launch.  We have moved it to different doors with no problems.  We did tape the bottom of the ramp to the floor so it would stay further away from the door.  This created a much better jump with the cars.", 5.0
"My husband bought two of these for my sons(ages 3 and 2) to play with. Both of them had a lot of fun with it and both were able to maneuver the pully system with no problem. The oldest kid(hubby, age 32) had as much fun with it as the little ones.", 5.0
"WE got this last week - nothing has broken - it was easy to assemble, it's been moved around the house to different doors.  I say this is on of these 'sets' hot wheels got right!  I have three boys ages 4,6 and 8 playing with this toy", 5.0
"My son wrote the first review right after we got the V-drop. He loved playing with it for 1 day but then the device that brings the car up to the top stopped working. I couldn't believe it. He suggested that we bring it back to the store so we could get something else. So that's what we did, but I said no more hot wheels stuff for awhile. This was one of many Hot Wheels birthday presents.", 4.0
"It is easy to assemble. It is a lot of fun. Most of my cars work on it and I have 70 Hot Wheels cars. I got this for a 6th birthday present. I wanted to write a review because I wanted to be the first person to write a review of this toy. My  name is Andy and my mom helped me write this", 4.0
"We are a family that loves games!  This game appears to be educational, but has NOT been fun to play.  The little tiles aren't easy to deal with, and the cheap plastic set-up leaves much to be desired.  Save your money and play hangman on the chalk board", 4.0
"A good game that basically facilitates the pencil and paper game.  It's no real change from a simple piece of paper but it makes it fun for my 7 year old who just loves it", 1.0
"The tiles are NOT see through---they may have upgraded them.  The game is GREAT for the kids.  I've got two little ones that love to practice their spelling and my husband and I end up joining them.  It's fun, educational and perfect for the whole family.  I've very glad I ignored the review saying that they tiles were see through.  It's perfect for kids (and grown ups enjoy playing it too!).", 5.0
"Very happy I bought it!", 5.0
"This is a game that all kids of all ages would love to pla", 5.0
"You can totally see through my tiles.  I bought mine a couple of years ago.  Model number on box says, 04623.  Looks to me like there was a bad batch of them made.  When I was younger, I had one that was fine.", 5.0
"The game is fun, reasonably priced, and educational for the kids as well.", 5.0
"I like it because it doesn't take long to play, and several people can all get a turn within an hour.", 5.0
"I have written to Hasbro regarding the tiles.  Not sure why I waited 2 years to do so, but hopefully they will make good on this problem.", 5.0
"As it is, you can only create words 8 letters long. They should make it at least 10-12 letters. Some have complained that the tiles can be seen through. It's nonsense - no matter what lighting conditions you CAN'T see through them. Maybe it was a problem in earlier editions, but mine is just fine", 5.0
"The tiles are transparent.  There is absolutely no guessing the word your opponent has chosen because you can see right through the tiles.  I took masking tape and put several layers over the back of the tile and I could still see through it.  I colored it with a permanent marker and could STILL see through it.  My mom can play with my daughter in her basement but that is about it!!  Would not recommend this item to anyone unless you have money to throw away", 5.0
"I read the other reviews and frankly don't agree with them.  We didn't have a problem seeing through the tiles and both my 8 and 13 year old are enjoying this game immensely. When my kids played with their 79-yr old great uncle, the age gap narrowed.  I do agree that there should be more slots for letters, but hey, make the best of it and enjoy", 4.0
"That would be for more playing spaces on the trayies of this game. The trayies only have 8 spaces. You may know hangman as a game you can do on the board like if you were playing Wheel of Fortune. The directions says the youngest player goes first. You pick a word, as long as you have space for the whole word. But to begin playing you have to the button on 11, and every time the person you are playing against gets a letter wrong, yuo move the button down one number, to reviel a line, then a another line until you you start seeing a person start to be hanged. If they get the letter(s) right, put the little letters in thier space that you see at the top of the tray. Play goes on into you or the person you are playing against get it right, in less you make your oppentent to contiune playing until either they get it right or they are hanged. This would be a great game to play, whether or not your a good artist", 5.0
"I got this for my niece who is 2 1/2 and my big", 5.0
"Sis called and says she really enjoys it and whenever my sis puts it away while cleaning she always manages to find it and gets it back out to play with. I recommend it!", 5.0
"I bought this for my niece for Christmas.  She's 21 mos. old (almost 2) and it was the first thing she wanted to play with.  My sister says she LOVES it and I saw her playing with it at home, 3 weeks after Christmas as well.  The pieces are just the right size for little hands and there is enough to do without "electronic overload."  Just a very nice toy", 5.0
"This toy seems unfinished and cheaply made.  I got it for $15 at Toys R Us and I certainly wouldn't pay more for it.  It is small, doesn't have an on/off switch, and the characters barely look like themselves.  It definitely doesn't look like it will last long, just not well made.", 5.0
"BUT...my 15 month old daughter loves it.  My 3 and 6 year old boys got bored with it really quick but it does keep my daughter's interest.  She loves the wiggles.  The characters pop up and down when you play they keyboard and it is easy for the little guys to play with it.  I hate toys marketed to little kids and it is too hard for them to manipulate it to make it work.  The music quality isn't too bad and it does have two different volumes.  Not that annoying for the adults.  The music only plays for a couple seconds at a time.", 5.0
"Not a bad toy but they could have done so much better.", 5.0
"We bought this toy for my son a year ago when he turned a year old and he absolutely loves it.  He still plays with it all the time, especially when he is watching them on T.V.  The only problem I have had is figurines are not very durable and sometimes will bend", 4.0
"I showed my 20 mo. old daughter this at Wal-Mart and she's adored it ever since.  It worried me that she forcefully bent back the characters all the time, but 2 months later and they're still going strong.", 5.0
"This piano has 8 songs, one by each character.  Each bit is 10 seconds long approx.  "Wigglegroove" "Rolling Down the SandHills"  "Music w/ Murray" "Where's Jeff?" "Vegetable Soup"  "All I need is Food" "Play your Guitar w. Murray" and "Calling All Cows".  That's more than enough to entertain a child that age.  She can follow some of what they're singing like "Clap your hands and spin around".  Also it's nice that there are two volume levels so as not to vex harried parents.", 5.0
"The worst thing that happened is the toy got a liitle wet underneath and some of the piano keys won't work anymore...she hardly pays with them anyway and will pull the guys and jump along to the recorded songs.  For ages 1-3 this toy is fun, if your kid loves the Wiggles like mine does.", 5.0
"I like the handle to carry this keyboard around, but it is kind of awkward for little ones to use unless it is sitting on a table or other flat object. The characters will set off when they are moved and you get a jumbled mass of sound coming out of it if it is resting against something that causes the characters to be pushed in all at once. I know my 2 year old does not like to be sitting still, so using this on a table is not really an option for her. And because of the height of the characters, it is not a good "bring along" toy since it doesn't fit in a bag well.", 4.0
"For the same price, go with the Wiggles Guitar. It has many more buttons and songs and they can carry it around and play it at the same time", 1.0
"My son received this as a gift for his 3rd birthday.  It was easy to put together and I was impressed with the attention to detail on this toy. The doors and decals mainly.  There are several small parts that can easily be put in a plastic bag and put away. It has been over a year and this airplane still "flies" around our house.  My son loves it.  The only reason that this review is not carrying 4 stars is due to a minor annoyance.  The tail section and the wheels seem to always be coming off.  They are easily snapped back on but it is irritating to be fixing the bloody thing every 5 minutes.  As my son has gotten older I have taught him how to fix it himself.  I guess the key thing here is that the toy can be fixed. I would rather snap the thing back together than deal with a truly broken toy", 1.0
"Our son loves this toy.  The details are accurate, the size is ideal for a small child, and because of a very study design, it is practically indestructible!  I only wish playmobil made more models. (yes, there are many small parts that we have added back as he has grown into the toy- also a great point- it is sophisticated enough to last more than 6-8 months", 1.0
"After reading the other mediocre reviews for this airplane, I felt I had to write in to tell of our experience with it. We bought it for my older son's third birthday THREE YEARS AGO.  It was his favorite toy for over a year, and he still plays with it on a regular basis, incorporating it into his now elaborate playmobil schemes.  Also, our younger son is now three and it has been HIS favorite toy for months now.", 5.0
"The airplane is still in mint condition despite all the vigorous use it gets, and we have somehow managed not to lose all the fun accessories (alright, a juice box and a mug or two are AWOL, but the rest is still in regular use).  The fact that the wings and tail break off easily is intentional and brilliant, in my opinion, because otherwise the airplane would have broken into shards and been ruined from its frequent "flights".  By the time my older son was four, he could easily snap it back together himself.", 5.0
"No other toys in  our household encourage the amount of imaginative play that the playmobil toys do, and this one has always been the boys' (and my) favorite!  Any preschooler will thank you for this toy", 5.0
"My 3-year-old grandson loved this; the only problem with it is that it breaks apart a little easily when he plays a little hard with it. It is beautifully designed and in a few months he should be able to handle it a little more carefully. Playmobil makes great toys", 5.0
"The Playmobil products are nice and fun, BUT you must realize that every single piece of every single object comes apart.  The hair pieces come off of the pilot and stewardess's head; the wheels come off, the airplane door comes off; the wings and tail comes off in many different pieces; the steering wheel comes off; and, there are many small pieces inside which you will never find after you child plays with it once.  I would LOVE this product if I could get it to stay in one piece.  I used the strongest glue I could find to keep the pieces in their respective places, but to no avail.  The other Playmobil products are the same way.  My 4 year old loves this plane, but he is also frustrating by having lost most of the little pieces.  Such a disappointment", 5.0
"I purchased this for myself -- an adult -- for a cross-country flight. Used it about six times, and realized that one important reason for why I love Hangman is the interaction I get playing with it with my son. However, this does deliver what you'd expect, and I think younger people would enjoy it under the right circumstances (being alone, bored, on a trip, waiting for the doctor, etc.)", 1.0
"The excitement of a handheld for the kids, the wholesomeness I look for.", 5.0
"This is an okay game, though it sometimes gets a little boring.  This game can teach kids different words.  There are 8 categories to choose from, plus you can choose how many letters you want in the game.  You get 11 guesses to guess what word they are giving you", 5.0
"I purchased this for my kids trip to Texas. We have used them prior to them going and the kids enjoy the game. For an adult it is somewhat easy, even on the 3rd level and 7 letters. But ofcourse it is for kids. I think it is good for the kids for a change they are trying to spell instead of your normal video games", 5.0
"I bought this game for my daughter because she always wanted us to play Hangman in restaurants while waiting to be served.  Sometimes, I preferred adult conversation.  Giving her this hand held, single player game gave me  this option.  But, I found myself asking for &quot;my turn&quot; to play.   There are a variety of ways to play.  All are fun", 4.0
"This was so fun to see my son on this.  It is perfect for older kids.  The quality is great.  The size is perfect for older kids, as well as three year olds.  The bucket works great, the chain is encased, and the trailer is an added bonus we loved.  Now yard work is easy to include the kids.  The stickers don't like to stay on, but after a couple years with my houligans, the stickers won't be on it anyway.  We just put them on for Christmas pictures anyway, they do add all the finishing touches", 5.0
"I really enjoyed seeing my 3 children enjoying this toy.  All three are under 5 years so this was a perfect fit.  As I said, fun for the kids.  Putting this together was easier done by common sense than the confusing instructions.  This product is made of plastic and semi durable springs.  The front end loader is good for my son carrying my daughters toys away from them, but not feasible doing much good when outside. (I mean, thats what tractors are for, playing in the dirt.)  The tires are not good for grass, they slip and will not get a grip.  It becomes the family pushing toy instead of one driven by chain.  I can say it is fun for the children, I give it 5 stars for fun. Will it be around, Durability wise, we will see..", 4.0
"Me and my husband bought this for our 2 year old son for christmas. and after reading the reviews on this website, i had told him that it would more than likely be hard to put together. so he wasnt looking forward to that on christmas eve. but when he opened the box to put it together, he said the instructions were perfectly clear to him. he didnt have a problem putting it together at all. our son loved it. and it is big enough to where he will get plently of use out of it as he grows. my husband said that the seat also adjusts for the kids. i havent seen anything about this on amazon, so maybe we got an updated version. i dont know. but my son loves it!", 5.0
"This is a great toy for your young buckaroo.(and a great price!)", 5.0
"The downside- putting it together. Adding the scoop is a bit tricky as the picture instructions don't show the exact screw to use to hold it in place. (The word instructions are awful! Obviously, the writing of the manual did not test it with a user to build! They must have been trying to save paper", 4.0
"This toy was purchased as a birthday gift for our 5-yr old son.  Great toy. The instructions are another story.  We bought the pedal type for the exercise value of the item.  It has a scoop/lift in front and a trailer on the back for lots of yard fun/work.  I'm an RN and have put a multitude of toys together over the years.  My husband is an engineer and has built our home, our son's "treehouse" bed with a multitude of safety features, fixes people's air conditioners and computers after the experts fixed them and they still don't work, etc...  We are both use to reading and following assembly instructions.  (Have three children grown and married.)  Basically saying, we're not rocket scientists but we are reasonably intelligent people.  The instructions come written as words and as drawings to show the assembly.  No where are the parts identified as what they are or how many are included.  There is a parts list if you need to reorder something.   Part 4 (shown on drawing) is SPST3215N.  The instructions don't assemble it by numbers, just by name.  ("Insert screw, attach retainer".)  There are assorted screws of different lengths.  The instruction will simply read "Insert screw..."  You wing it on this one and hope to select the right screw.  Instuction number nine reads "Insert a retainer in the special device."  Seriously, "the special device".  No where is it identified what the special device is.  I started it, my husband finished it and it's together and working with only one mystery part left.  Our son is enjoying it and loves helping in the yard even more now.  Great toy! Poorly written instructions.  The people who wrote the instructions should return their salary for the hours, days or weeks they they were employed to write these instructions.  Very poor job", 5.0
"MY SON RECEIVED THIS LAST CHRISTMAS WHEN HE WAS 6 MONTHS OLD.  WE KEEP IT IN HIS CRIB AND TILL THIS DAY WHEN HE WAKES UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT, INSTEAD OF CRYING FOR A BOTTLE OR JUST FOR US TO COME GET HIM HE PLAYS WITH THIS TOY!  IT IS A BIG LAUGH IN OUR FAMILY BECAUSE AT LEAST 4 NIGHTS A WEEK WE HEAR HIM PLAYING "HIS PIANO" AS WE CALL IT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT!! HE ENTERTAINS HIMSELF TILL HE GOES BACK TO SLEEP- WHAT A RELIEF FOR US!  MY BROTHERS 2 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER STILL WAKES UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT, SO I SUGGESTED HE RUN OUT AND GET THIS TOY!  I LIKE PLAYING WITH IT ALSO, AND THE COLOR AND LIGHTS ARE VEYR NICE.  IT IS NOT LOUD AND ANNOYING LIKE SOME TOYS.  IT IS ALSO PRETTY DURABLE.  1 YEAR AND STILL GOING STRONG", 5.0
"Our 3 year old granddaughter is full of spunk and needed an outlet since they have no yard. This toy is enjoyed by their whole family! Since they live above an older woman, they are careful with the settings, tho.", 5.0
"Enjoy!", 5.0
"Diane Tavegi", 5.0
"Our grandchildren, ages 4 and 6, enjoy the Musini as the sensitivity is adjustable and the music responds to their footsteps on either carpet or concrete floor. Their two cousins of similar age also have a Musini, a favorite toy for an individual or a group. That's why I've ordered a another Musini for the 3 yr old only child whose home has deep carpet.", 2.0
"I have a nine year old and an eight month old and I think I am the one spending the most time with our Musini.  I actually loved it so much I bought another two for a couple of our friends.  The three of them see a lot of use on pretty much a daily basis with no sign of any difficulties whatsoever.  I have my eight month old stand (with my help) in front of the unit and we dance away!  My nine year old and I dance around it until we fall down laughing.  We all have a great time switching up the tunes and taking turns acting crazy.  We love our Musini", 4.0
"My 3 year old got this for Christmas.  Seemed like a neat idea until he figured out if he picked it up it was just a really great, big tamborine.  It also just encourages my kids to get wound up.  The faster they move, the more wild the music.  We never use it, and I'm just waiting for the appopriate amount of time to pass before I can sell it on E-Bay", 4.0
"My 3-year-old daughter loves this toy.  She enjoys stopping and starting to make the music play.  I dance with her and get a little workout.  This toy has worked great since we got it for Christmas.  We use it on a carpeted floor with no problems.  Though it has gotten some bad reviews, I say it is worth the purchase.  You can always return it", 2.0
"If you are in the minimize-mess, maximize thinking and motion mode, this is a great toy.  The box says 3 and up, but our twins are 2 1/2 and love it.  I think they could have been enjoying this 6 months ago.  It is so much fun to see them discovering that they can make the music and tempo go according to their motions.  I like it too.  You'll find me dancing around it after bedtime!  It is just 1 piece so there is no mess involved, but it really gets the kids moving and experimenting.  I bought this over a year ago on a closeout sale online somewhere for about $15 and I just recently got it out.  What a deal for a great toy.  I have had no problems getting it to work correctly", 1.0
"I had trouble getting this product to work, but that was only because I was too eager to play and hadn't read the enclosed instructions.  Initially, I set the sensitivity all the way to 10 and was frustrated when it didn't work at all.  The instructions say to turn down the sensitivity until the lights turn off.  Once I did that, it worked great.  With the sensitivity too high, it was interpreting everything as one constant movement and not picking up on the changes, so it wasn't identifying my movements.  Now that I understand the instructions, I can get it to work anywhere.  It is such an great toy, you can't not buy this one", 5.0
"This is an awesome toy.  I bought it for my kids and they love it.  They played with it for hours.  Easy to build and easy instructions.  Would definetly buy it again and may even buy a second one.", 5.0
"This game brings back great memories from the 70's.  The only downside is it does take a few minutes to set up.  Otherwise:  lots of fun, inexpensive, much better than TV", 5.0
"We got this game for something new to do with the family after Thanksgiving Dinner.  This is a great game if you are looking for something that just about any age can play.  The only limitation is that only 4 can play at a time.  We overcame this by playing teams.", 5.0
"This is supposed to be a smaller version of the original game - for those who want the original try "Super Kerplunk Game"  not much difference - just more durable.   This particular game takes a little time to set up - count that as part of the game - delegate - first person puts in the first 10 sticks etc. etc.  I LOVE THIS GAME", 4.0
"This game is pretty fun but it takes forever to put it together before you can play it. My 5 year old wants to play the game immediately. Not wait 10 minutes for mommy to get it ready.They now have an electronic Ker plunk game. We will be purchasing that one soon", 5.0
"When I got Kerplunk home and opened the box, I was dumbfounded.  The game was this little plastic thing made from cheap materials.  As a kid, we had Kerplunk and it was much taller and wider.  It was made of a heavier plastic, too. You could be extra careful when you removed the straws because the whole thing was solid and wouldn't budge.  The new one is so little, you have to hold it with one hand while you pull the straw, making it difficult to move carefully.  I think this is the same type of problem parents are having with retro games.  The toy manufacturers know the parent will say, "I had this game when I was a kid, so I'll buy it for my kid!"  Unfortunately, the new versions are smaller, cheaper and more fragile. If the original version of a game is what is desired, then a parent will have to buy an old game from Ebay.  This is actually a cool game, just not the new version", 5.0
"I was so looking forward to playing this with my kids. I have a 9 and 3yr. old, big age difference and hard to find games that we can all play, so I thought Kerplunk would be perfect. The older one would have fun and it was something the little one could play without having to stop and have mommy read the card to tell her what to do next. Boy was I wrong. First of all while trying to put the thing together, where the top and bottom were suppose to fit perfectly together, they didn't, the sticks that are suppose to go through the tiny holes couldn't because the top and bottom would not stay on right and some of the holes were closed up. The sticks were also really flimsy as was the two big top and bottom pieces. I remember when I was younger and played it wasn't this soft plastic, it was hard and durable. In the end we tried to play, the first time after the second stick was pulled all the marbles fell out so I never even got the chance to play. The second and last time we tried the top fell completely off! Maybe, I just picked the wrong box but I won't try to convince myself of it by buying another one", 5.0
"This is a truly great game and underscores the adage &quot;keep it simple, stupid&quot;! All ages can play...even my 2 year old can pull out a stick and see if made a marble fall.  I have only one complaint...the quality of the physical aspect of the game. Of course I had Kerplunk as a kid and the tube and tray &amp; sticks were much heavier plastic. With this Kerplunk you must hold the tube to pull a stick out or the whole shebang will fall over. Maybe an original classic version will be produced.  I have noticed this same skimping on other great games such as &quot;trouble&quot; and &quot;don't break the ice&quot; etc...I would pay a few more dollars for better quality but suggest you buy it &quot;as is&quot; anyway", 5.0
"This game is great for those as young as 2 and a half and so far as old as 69!  The adults love it because of the short set up time and short length of game play.  Usually an adult will be willing to play it three or four  times in a row!  The kids love the suspense of waiting for the marbles to  kerplunk and giggle greatly when they do.  The sticks do bend when toddlers  treat them too rough but none have ever broken.  Our family often plays it  on friday family fun night", 4.0
"I bought this for my office.  We are a group of sales reps so we get many little desk toys from our vendors but nothing to really use as an outlet for stress.  This works perfectly.", 4.0
"It's bright and cheery and adds a fun element to the office space.  We had a few issues in the beginning with air leaks but after we found them and patched them up, we haven't had any problems.", 5.0
"One co-worker, who was out of the office the week Bozo came in, has now "adopted" him and pulled him closer to her cubicle because she thinks it's so funny.", 4.0
"It's pretty durable as long as you aren't too rough with it.  It probably won't stand up to kicking or jumping on it but hitting it or throwing softer objects at it will not do much to harm it", 5.0
"My son loves this toy and so does his friends - great punching bag - great quality.", 5.0
"What a breath of fresh air!.....no batteries. Just 100% enjoyment for our littlest ones, and alot of memories for their parents! Knock Bozo down, sit on him, squeak his nose, and he always pops up smiling!This toy even put a smile on our 13 year old granddaughter's face.", 5.0
"Product leaked from day 1. Was bought as Christmas present for grandchildren so was not opened right away. Vendor would not allow return even though defective. Would not recommend to anyone", 5.0
"i had fun punching this for 5 min then i broke it because i ran it over with the car and that's when it squeaked it's last squeak", 5.0
"sniff sniff..", 5.0
"Absolutely the best I have ever seen-as are all their other gifts.I have 2 grandaughters who enjoyed Xmas........am sure they'll like their birthdays....................Will continue to buy from the", 5.0
"After being so impressed with the Batman TV, CD Player, and DVD Player, I decided to go out and buy my kid the phone as well.  Similar to the other Batman electronics, I found this product to be top notch quality with a fabulous design.  It makes a great addition to any boy's room", 5.0
"I was very pleased with this product and my 5-year grandson loves it!  It's colorful, lightweight,easily cleaned and easy for him to carry wherever he goes.  He uses it all the time, whether at home or on-the-go.  The side pockets are convenient and great for storing his art supplies, small books, or toys. It's helpful in providing a way to keep him occupied during long road trips. Great product that I recommend for any aspiring young artist between the ages of 3 to 6 years", 5.0
"I'm tired of kids crafts which don't encourage experiment, require you to buy replacement supplies from the company which makes the kit or just make plastic junk.  This is one craft which is fun for both kids and parents, has lots of room for experimentation, uses any old paper and the paper you make has so many uses.  I also like exposing my kids to traditional crafts and paper making is one of those (also try Alex's weaving looms to expose kids to weaving).  And, of course, it allows you to recycle old paper too.  Pretty messy but lots of fun", 1.0
"I gave this set as a birthday gift to my fifteen year old son.  It was our first experience with any products from this company.  He spent several hours playing with it.  He would make different things with it, taking the first creation apart and creating something new.  He had lots of fun with this and I would buy another product by this company.  My son's only complaint was that their wasn't enough pieces.  Nevertheless I felt it was a good value for the money. As a plus it has educational value! It was nice to see him doing something other than watching tv and playing video games.  This racing set was a wonderful alternative", 1.0
"I got this as a gift for my husband.  He collects lego's and it is somewhat of a hobby of his.  He loved it and couldn't wait to put it together.  It is amazing how real it looks!!", 4.0
"The item is compact so you can take it you.  It is also organized & built to take the abuse of a 2 & 4 yr. old child.  I highly recommend Melissa & Doug Products as well as this puzzle group", 1.0
"Fantastic gift for boys and girls alike and they can really play without the worry of the puzzle pieces getting bent.  Very colorful pictures and easy pieces to hold and work with.  Plus, you have a place to keep them when they are not being used.  Great price, too", 4.0
"This is so cool.  You can build all kinds of things with the motor they give you.  And, the book that comes with it is HUGE, which makes for LOTS of K'Nex fun", 2.0
"this is the worst product. to much xtra gizmo time date alarm, the screen is not very sensitive. you have to hit it hard w pencil i do not recommend this it is a rip off!!!", 4.0
"I used to play w/ this puzzle game on the newspaper and then made my way to small booklets that i bought at the bookstore.  Eventually my kids and I got 3 electronic handhelds for Christmas and I can't imagine life w/o one of these gizmos.  I have nothing bad to say about this unit.  Pretty good and easy to use.  Great for people who dont want to control using hands and instead using the little pen that comes with the unit.", 5.0
"I recommend this product to players", 5.0
"Very pretty Barbie who is now naked like all of the other Barbies in our house.  I'm not sure what else I can say after a statement like that, but she was a welcomed gift for our 5 year old this Christmas", 5.0
"This is a beautiful doll. I purchased one for my 5yr. old granddaughter and her best friend. They both love her and her pretty spinning dress. They both love princesses and ballet. I am so appreciative that Mattel produces African American version of most of their Barbie dolls. It's so important that our little African American girls have doll that they can identify with also", 4.0
"I bought this for my girls at the 64% off price, and was pleased with the purchase.  She takes 2 AAA batteries, which were not included.  The batteries go into each of her thighs.  We've had her for 2 weeks, and she's still spinning and lighting up, and gets played with regularly.  One thing to note is that if her arms are down, touching the dress at all, the dress will not spin.  Her shoes do come off, but my daughters havn't figured that out yet, since they fit so well.  She cannot be undressed like other barbies, but she's in a gorgeous princess dress, so my girls don't care in the slightest.  When my daughter saw her, she was so very excited to have Genevieve ... until she watched the movie with the barbie.  It was at that point that she realised that the movie Genevieve is blonde.  The doll is still cool (she does have a medium brown color of hair like my girls), and a lot of fun, but just not quite like the movie.  I wish the movies would have more diversity.  All in all, for the sale price, I'd highly reccomend it to any 12 Dancing Princesses fans, but I wouldn't have paid full price for any of the 12 dancing princesses dolls.  They are fun for the price, but I don't expect the quality to last very long.", 1.0
"Tried of buckets of dinosaurs?  This is a great addition to the box (plus they make a smaller unmoving version which is a great offspring).", 1.0
"My 4 yo son just LOVES the Imaginext Dinosaur series.  Even his 9 yo brother & 5 yo sister enjoy playing with them too.  The quality is just what you would expect from Fisher-Price.  We have almost the entire collection and all the dinosaurs are holding up wonderfully!", 1.0
"The plastic frame that upgrades this to "deluxe" isn't really necessary or well-made, but otherwise, no complaints at all. Love Yahtzee! It's fun for kids from 9 to 99", 2.0
"o my gosh! its the best game ever!", 2.0
"in the game you just have to be daring enough to bid your money...", 5.0
"it a really cool game for the price", 5.0
"I am the reigning Queen of Yahtzee in our home!  We often play this game as a family and think it is alot of fun.  Our young son has developed better counting skills because of this game.  He is getting advance at planning his game strategy and is now capable at beating his parents on occasion- even at age 6!", 5.0
"We enjoy the deluxe edition- the tray keeps the dice contained nicely.  We do all sorts of silly "good luck" moves such as blowing on the die, shaking the container a certain way or just plain yelling out the numbers we hope to roll!  Each of us has our own style...some more animated than others.", 1.0
"My son has come to learn that if he wants Mom to play a game with him,  he can always count on me to play Yahtzee.  I guess I love the game because it was a game that I had when I was young and played with my siblings.  What a classic game", 1.0
"The tray is beyond pathetic. Do not buy this. It's criminal that is proudly labelled as DELUXE. A waste of money. An embarrassment. A cheat", 1.0
"This is a great value and we have enjoyed many hours entertainment from this simple FUN game", 5.0
"This game is loads of fun.  I got it for my eighth birthday.  I thought to myself "Oh, it's one of those stupid board games again," but it wasn't.  I'm 10 now, and I'm still playing with Yahtzee.  I like it because of how much thinking is involved, and you have to make impartant decisions, like "Hmm...should I put my score in 4 of a kind, or in my fours up top?"  That skill can also help you along the way in school.  But you know what, most games that are educational can be boring.  But not Yahtzee!  Yahtzee is also fun because of the excitement in you while hoping to get a Yahtzee, which is worth fifty points, which is the most points you can get.  And you always feel happy when you roll something that you know is good!  Now, I don't have the Deluxe Edidtion of Yahtzee, but I'm sure that if I liked the regular Yahtzee, the Delexe Edition would be even better.  I hope you order this game soon.  And for those of you out there who don't want to buy Yahtzee, because you think you are too cool or too old for it, YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE MISSING!!", 4.0
"I don't think this toy could have been made any cheaper.  Ours is cracked in several places, even though it's hardly been played with...  My kids really are not hard on toys, and are destroying this one.  We also had bought the drumset from Little Tikes, but returned it, because it broke before I could even assemble it.  Disappointing.  This keyboard just doesn't live up to my expectations from Little Tikes products", 5.0
"Agree with all other reviews. Kid enjoys the keyboard but also gets frustrated when the glued together mic stand breaks again and again...the mic itself only works intermittently...this also causes frustration. This would get a 1 star but because she enjoys it for the brief moments that it works and before the mic stand collapses, I am generously giving 2 stars", 4.0
"This toy would be great if it would stay together and not fall apart everytime my kids play with it.  We have two of these!!  The microphones broke within a month of getting them.  I would NOT recommend buying this toy", 5.0
"THIS WAS GIVEN TO MY 3 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER BY HER SISTER FOR CHRISTMAS. THE MICROPHONE BROKE PUTTING IT TOGETHER. I COULDN'T FIND RECIEPT SO CUSTOMER SERVICE MADE ME PAY 5.00 TO SEND A NEW ONE WHICH TOOK ABOUT 8 WEEKS!! CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NOT THROUGH LITTLE TIKES WHICH EXPLAINS THE POOR SERVICE WE GOT, NOT TO MENTION THAT THE CUSTOMER SERV. REP.  ACCUSSED ME OF HAVING IT FOR MONTHS AND JUST WANTING TO GET A NEW MICROPHONE. THE STAND IS USELESS IF YOU MOVE IT THE BOTTOM COMES APART OVER AND OVER AND OVER!!!HOWEVER, MY LITTLE GIRL DOES LOVE THE KEYBOARD WITH ALL THE DIFFERRENT MELODIES AND THE FLASHING LIGHTS ETC..  SHE LOVES SINGING AND I LIKE THAT IT MAKES HER HAPPY UNTIL THE BASE COMES APART AT THE BOTTOM. IT HAS A CARRY HANDLE (TO BE USED WITH OUT BASE)  BUT IT IS A BIT BULKY FOR LITTLE HANDS TO CARRY AROUND. I SAY THE COMPANY NEEDS TO IMPROVE THE STAND/BASE ON THIS PRODUCT.", 5.0
"The 3" 5 pack blades are good, but I especially want to praise the Bic Supply people for such prompt service.", 5.0
"The 8030 pack was delivered in a rain storm", 5.0
"I find this set to be perfect for what we need. Even purchase the extra chairs.  At first it was used for coloring.  Now that my oldest son is into Thomas the Tank, it serves as a train table. He just started getting into Thomas and he is not interested in making the trains run the whole track yet.  Which is good because a whole track set up does not fit on this table.  I love that it folds up for easy storage.  Yes the chairs are a little hard to fold, but I like that. I can look away for 2 seconds and I can find my 2 boys standing on them, or using them as ladders.   I find the table and chairs to be stable.", 5.0
"This was well made for the price and works well for temporary use,  particularly since it folds and stores nicely under a bed if necessary.  My granddaughter happily played and ate at the table and was able to entertain a playmate with the extra chair. Just a note, does require some assembly", 4.0
"I bought this table and chairs for my 2 year old and he loves it. easy to put together and not wobbly at all, the chairs do fold up kinda hard. the chairs are sturdy and don't tip. nice smooth table top great for drawing and coloring on. very happy with this, well worth the money", 4.0
"We were so blessed to find this set at Target this past weekend (7/29/06) on clearance for $14.99! So if anyone reads this soon, go check out your local Target toy department end caps.", 5.0
"So easy to put together, colorful and lots of room. My son is 22 months and already loves this table. It's only been 3 days, but as of now, we do not find the table wobbly at all. Hubby used a drill to get the screws in nice and tight.", 5.0
"My 7 yr. old sat in the chairs and she is 60 pounds. Of course she did this when we weren't looking and immediatly got out of them when we saw her. My point is, even with her in the chair, we didn't see a problem. So all in all, we are extremely pleased with this set so far. For $14.99 I can't complain!", 5.0
"I bought this for my son for his first birthday. I wanted a place for him to "practice" sitting in a chair at a table. He's a little young to sit there for very long, but he will sit and eat a small snack (I stay right next to him as he hasn't mastered the dismount yet!). This set is nice for a younger child - many of the other sets looked bigger and better suited for 3 years +.", 5.0
"When he's not sitting in the chairs, he likes to throw and push them all over the room. They are very sturdy and are holding up well to his abuse.", 5.0
"I also like that everything folds up for easy storage", 5.0
"I purchased this camera for my two grandchildren.  I was truly disappointed in the product, and I think the kids were too; as they showed no real interest in using it or playing with and that was immediate.", 5.0
"The Holiday Barbie 2006 African-American doll is beautiful.  I'm glad that I kept searching and found the best buy on Amazon.  She was in mint condition.  I will buy from here again", 5.0
"We have been collecting the Holiday Barbies for about the last 7 or 8 years and this year's African American Holiday Barbie is the best looking of any that have been made since we started collecting", 5.0
"The stores were all sold out for the Christmas Season, so I tried Amazon.", 5.0
"When we received the Barbie my daughter couldn't wait to open it and when she did she thought it was beautiful.  She loves it.", 5.0
"This doll is absolutely stunning.  I have 17 years (1990 - 2006) of the African American Holiday Barbies, and this one is the nicest one since the 1999 Millenium one.  Thanks to Bob Mackie for using his unique skills to create such a beautiful doll", 4.0
"Bob Mackie has created an elegant doll for the holidays. Her hair is long and full, yet braided to keep it neat.  The dress is velveteen with braid trim.", 5.0
"Several years ago there was another Mackie doll wearing a similar fashion -- that fashion has been with my little friend for over four years and she still loves playing with it -- not a tear or a broken seam in it.", 5.0
"Mackie is known for the beautiful mouth and the face mold he designed -- and this beauty takes full advantage of his creative designs.", 5.0
"Great for collectors or for play", 5.0
"I really like it, but it's a little too easy for adults. Not as fast-paced as they say, as well. But, it's still fun to play! Cards are cool to look at, but a bit too slippery. Somewhat hard to shuffle and control. Overall though, a nice card game.", 5.0
"Very fun and easy to learn.  Not as fast-paced as they say.  We enjoyed the action cards which can change the course of the game", 5.0
"Smart guide fourth grade is fun I learn spelling rules and parts of speech and the reading comrehension was tough for me the first time and knowing who what where when and why and underling the keywords is very helpful for me and I just learn to double digit mutiplication  comparig fractions decimals and geometry it was a little hard the first time about triangles angels perimeter and area and it took me a while to know congrunent and not congruent and now i know them and I learn a few facts about the animals guess who game was east and the beat the clock game was a little hard but its going to take me a while and the circulatory and respitoy systems I always like to learn about the parts of the heart and it was very easy and learn parts of the respitory system Graphy data is pretty hard for but im getting there and getting to know your government is kind of easy and fun cause you get to know the laws that we have  bill of rights declaration of independence and the three branches and it help me alot and the united states is fun too and the glossary is hard sometimes and this is going to help me get smarter everyda", 4.0
"I searched for a really long time the other night to see if the Quantum books work on the Leap Pad and Pro systems. I never found the answer. I almost ordered the Quantum for my 9-year-old granddaughter but decided to wait. In a discount store I saw the books, and it clearly states on the book that it will work in all Leap Pad systems except My First Leap Pad. What a relief. Saved me $40", 5.0
"I recently bought this book for my younger sister. She has been struggling in school and these books have been a great help. She loves them so much that our family uses them as an incentive to do better in school. The Smart Guide to Fourth Grade is probably the best book I have seen so far. She had so much fun playing the games like Spelling Stingers that she didn't even realize she was learning. What really amazed me is that after just half an hour with the book my sister was doing fractions! Her teacher hasn't even touched on fractions yet. I know fractions are usually one of the hardest things for children to grasp but she understood it in just a few minutes! The only reason I didn't give the book a five in durability is that the little cartridges that come with the book get lost so easily! I wish leap pad would come out with a storage system for the books and cartridges", 5.0
"The I-Dog is a great mp3 player acessory. Don't get it if you want to store music. It doesn't do that, but it is a great little companion that lights up, and plays your mp3 player music. I own one, and it's soo cute", 5.0
"the little boys love this toy.  They all want to be sanitation workers once they get playing with it", 5.0
"a nice sturdy truck. I expected it to be cheap for $[...]. I was wrong. it comes with 2 trash bins too. there are 3 buttons on the tide that made noise.", 5.0
"my little guys are going to love this..", 5.0
"Love it!!! The food is actually the consistancy of real baby food.  When it is time for a diaper change, it really looks like baby poop.  Great.  Nice price tag as well", 5.0
"My daughter is really in to Bob the Builder right now and was thrilled to get this toy.  It is much smaller than I thought it would be and doesn't really "do much".  After the first few days of playing with it, my daughter lost interest (but thats what kids tend to do anyway).  I think it is a fun addition to Bob the Builder products, it's just not as great as I expected it to be", 4.0
"Dizzy is a really cool toy.  Her cement "dumps" out, but stays attached (no small part worry). Front "head" bends so she can stand like in show when saying "brilliant".  Her front wheels move slightly like in the show.  Rear magnet is used a lot as Lofty lifts Dizzy out of cement (like in one of the books).  Has held up in 2 months of bathtub and hard play.  These take alongs are so much better than the talkies and just the right size for children", 1.0
"Guillotine is great family game, although some parents may find the premise a bit gruesome for young kids. The characters (from the French Revolution) on the cards are all drawn tastefully, and other than the premise that they are all waiting in line to be beheaded, there is no overt blood or gore invovled. I noticed that the recommended age is 12 and up, but my 8 year old has no trouble understanding the fairly simple rules and strategy to play this game. Another advantage of this game is the short playing time. For two people a game takes about 10-15 mintues, and gets about 5 minutes longer for each additional player", 1.0
"Guillotine is a fun, fairly quick game that involves about equal parts strategy and luck.  You are competing with the other executioners to collect the most nobles' heads.  12 nobles (of varying points) are dealt out in line for the guillotine.  When your turn comes, you must take who is at the front of the line, but you can use action cards to shuffle the line in many different ways.  This one always makes my list of games to play", 5.0
"I can recommend all of the Little Tikes "Rugged Rigz" vehicles.  They are large, sturdy and work well.  The Little Tikes bulldozer is one of the best, though, and is my son's favorite.  It is a tracked bulldozer/loader, with a blade that raises and lowers (the blade locks at three different levels and "flips up" to unload sand/toys that it has scooped up).  The tractor makes a series of diesel engine/backing sounds when your child pushes a large red button on the top.  These sounds will continue intermittently as long as the child pushes the toy around, but unlike some toys, the sound does not start until they press the button.", 4.0
"Your little construction engineer will love this toy", 5.0
"My daughter says it is "water-y, squishy... like clay mixed with sand but it is definitely sand, difficult to describe".  My son says it is "squishy, clay-ish sand kind of concrete that you can bend."", 5.0
"Overpriced?  Maybe a bit.  Still, I've only seen something similar in a museum once.  It molds well and looks really neat with beads, gems, etc.  It really doesn't dry out but it has enough moisture to mold and hold.  I think the person who wrote the bad review might have gotten a defective batch because that doesn't sound like this product at all", 5.0
"I bought this also along with kit 2 and kit 3.. while they do move a bit quickly, these books, kits, are suppose to help give the child an idea of what "they" are and how the sound. These books and kits are MEANT to be used with a REAL person, and to reinforce what they are being taught, they are NOT meant to teach the child every thing there is to learn! A teacher or parent should be teaching these things in full to begin with and the books and kits to be used as a tool, or as a back up to help the child as a reniforcement. If you use them correctly they are a wonderful tool for any child! Ho and if you buy one kit you really should buy all three of them because the three together are a wonderfull addition to school work, practice, learing, reniforcement of what is being taught.", 5.0
"Sarah", 4.0
"I bought this for my 17 month old son because he loves water and things that spin.  I looked at a few sand and water tables & settled on this one because of the spinning accessories (they all seemed pretty similar otherwise) Comprably, the price was pretty good, too.  I must say, we are really pleased with this purchase. Not only does my son LOVE it, but I found it very well made. Its really easy to put together (no tools needed!) but still nice & sturdy. It's also lightweight and easy to store. The entire table breaks down for compact storage. The table has two deep sections (so far we've used both for water- maybe we'll do sand in the future) Its a nice height for toddlers, and it comes with some really cute accessories. The scoops are perfect for little hands and the accesories are sturdy, too. They have withstood some abuse from my son. It has a sectional lid, so you could have one side covered while leaving the other open, or cover both. The lid fits nicely and has a little road design on top, so when not used for messy stuff, it could also serve as a play surface. Overall, I'm very pleased. I think its well worth the price. Its not cheap, for sure (considering its just molded plastic) but I learned pretty quickly that kids stuff is just expensive- even the junk- so I guess my expectations were low ;) .  We try not to overindulge our son with 'stuff', but felt a toy like this would serve a multi-educational purpose, so we splurged. Pleased to say we weren't disappointed.", 5.0
"I am a Montessori toddler teacher and I put this in my classroom.  The children just LOVE it!  It is deep enough for splash control and it includes the water wheels which is great for cause and effect.  I also love how easy it is to drain the water-easy for adults...too difficult for children.  I recommend this to anyone", 5.0
"Based on previous reviews written by other people, and by the screenshot of this product (and also on the rediculous price), I bought this thinking I was going to get something of a replica. I was wrong. This product is the biggest waste of my money I have had in a long time. First of all, the one I recieved had a very rough texture to the card table part of it, not smoothe like I was expecting. Second, the Spell&Trap card zones are rediculous, the cards fly out the back of it with a simple flick of your wrist. Thirdly, the place it takes on your arm is horrible. On the show, the disks clearly attached to the duelist's forearm close to the elbow, leaving plenty of room for hand movement. These attach literally on your wrist and actually require you to hold the disk with one hand, making it very annoying to hold, let alone look at your hand. The best feature on it is the Life point counter, and even that isn't that great. It's easier for me to callate the math in my head than it is to change the numbers to mark life point damage, a couple of calculators work much better than this pathetic system. All in all, this is definately not worth the money. Buy something else", 1.0
"hi i dont have that grait acadimy duel disk but by looking at it i think it the best duel disk ever maid i hope that the graivyard is bigger than the old duel disks and i hope that it open to the duel mode by pressing a boton and i put i four star because i dont have the duel disk and i hope that my review helps every colector of yu-gi-oh thanks for everything", 5.0
"I dont have right this duel disk but the chaos duel disk and i can only say that it works fine. I also think is good than the graveyard is bigger than in the two other duel disks so you not was needed to open the graveyard. i give it only 4 and not 5 stars becuase i dont have it myself so i can bee totaly sure than its so good like mine. I think its a fair price and its a very great gift for all Yu-Gi-Oh collectors. Hope my review helps", 1.0
"This guitar is a toy and not a real guitar.  It is the perfect size for my 2 y/o rock star.  The sounds effects can be annoying and tape over the speaker helps keep it lower.  You can take the batteries out so it just strums like a guitar without all the sound effects. This is a good TOY guitar and I recommend it for a young age group. My 2 y/o loves this. He walks around with it all day long.", 5.0
"My 3 year old spent a total of 7 minutes playing with this book before she asked to put a different book into her Leap Pad.  When I encourage her to use Pooh again, she absolutely refuses.  She loves her Pooh characters and loves her Leap Pad.  But this book?  It's never been touched again.  It seems to simple, and 3 year olds need a challenge", 4.0
"We bought this book for our daughter because she loves all the characters associated with Winnie the Pooh.  We quickly discovered what others have noted, namely, it is rather slow-paced when compared to My First LeapPad's other books.  The songs are slower, as is the story, and the activities are much more laid-back.", 5.0
"So while it doesn't hold our daughter's attention for long at normal times, we found it good for slowing down the pace on rainy days or just before bedtime.  Which she has not learned as much from this book as from the others, the slower pace seems to have a calming effect on her, which as any parent of a four year-old will attest, can be a blessing", 5.0
"I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WHEN I RECIEVED THE ITEM IN THE MAIL. IT WAS NOT ADVERTISED ANYWHERE ON THE PAGE THAT YOU HAD TO OWN A LEAPFROG SYSTEM IN ORDER TO USE IT. I JUST THOUGHT IT WAS A BOOK AND TAPE, AND I BOUGHT TWO", 4.0
"Different kind of entertainment for a child. Good for a long car ride. Lots of PVd's to choose from or create you own", 4.0
"I did pay a lot of money (more than purchase price) to have this item expedited. It didn't show up in time. However, the company made good by returning a few of the shipping dollars, and the product is what it is, without the "themes" you have to purchase in stores. The experience -- other than the delay -- was fine", 1.0
"My grandchildren loved the Basic Lego set and are enjoying it.  However, because it was purchased through a vendor that uses Amazon, I was not entitled to the free shipping.  I thought this was unfair", 4.0
"This is a good set to expand an existing collection.  We added the house builder's set and the large building mat, which worked out well.  I do miss the old, old days when Lego sets were not all theme-related.  A good basic set", 4.0
"We bought this for our daughter for Christmas.  She loves Polly Pockets. I liked it because it came with a guy and animals. It even has little seatbelts. The top comes off and you can rock the animals. The doors click shut. You have to make sure the seatbelt is out of the way or it won't click. It is a great Polly Pocket addition to our collection", 4.0
"Being a huge coffee fan - I think this is just adorable!", 1.0
"Our daughter bought this coffee maker. We had trouble with it from the start. It leaked water from the base and made a huge mess wherever we put it. She was so disappointed, and so were we.", 1.0
"This is a great game!  It is a lot of fun, and not just trivia like Trivial Pursuit.  There are word puzzles, analogies, and wild cards that could be about anything - 3 questions where you have to fill in two of the blanks, guessing someone's name, etc.  It really is a great game, though probably better suited for an older age bracket, as we tried to play with an 11-year old, and there were just some words and musical groups she didn't (and couldn't possibly be expected) to know.", 1.0
"Got the game for Christmas and played it thoughout the holiday.  Good mix of questions.  The only problem was we played it so much that we went through all of the questions and then it was more of a memory game.  Also a good game to play in teams", 2.0
"Wit's end is a very fun game. I recommend it to anyone who wants to challenge their knowledge. If you don't know much you will by the time you finish the game. If you don't reach your Wit's End before you finish that is", 5.0
"The thing I like about this game is that it is a trivia game that everyone can play. My hubbie hates Trivial Pursuit, but likes Wit's End, because, since a lot of it is multiple choice, you have a chance of getting the answer even if you just guess", 5.0
"I played this game one on one with another person and we had a fairly good time.  Even though we could not answer over half the questions, they were multiple choice and we learned a lot.  But once we took the game to a party with about 6 players, the game lost its luster.  Not only did we all not know the answers to most of the questions, we weren't guessing correctly either.  Couple that with the fact it seemed forever before it was your turn again, the game was a flop.", 1.0
"Maybe if we played in teams it would have been better, but it just didn't work out for a group", 5.0
"I have collected all the Trivia games out there.  And boy am I happy I have added Wit's End to my collection.  It's smart, it's fun, it's entertaining and oh, did I say it was smart, because it is!  This is the best type of game to take out at parties.   The game generates conversations and exercises some mental stimulation.  I had to give it my thumbs up in public....it deserves the press!  Don't be without this one in social gatherings", 2.0
"What can I say.  This is a fantastic game.  You know when you keep seeing movies and are often disappointed and keep waiting for the blockbuster.  Well, WIT'S END is the blockbuster.  I can't tell you how much fun we had playing this game.  It is a trivia and knowledge based game but with a twist.  Not only are you challenged by the questions, but the question types make the game even more interesting.  There are four different card categories which ask different types of questions.  The TEASER category, asks you to figure out the relationship;  the SEQUENCE category asks you to put people, places and things in sequence;  the ODD-1-OUT category asks you to decide which thing does not belong and the WILD CARD category has many different types of fun question types.  As if the great categories where not enough, the questions cover a great range of knowledge;  including pop culture, music, literature, geography, history; science....just everything!  Better yet, there are detailed answers to every question.  So you are not just left with a one world answer, but an explanation.  You actually learn a thing or two of interesting facts and details.  The questions are smart (real smart!), not the dumbdown version in other Trivia games.  I cannot stress to you how fantastic this game is....that is if you are up for the challenge", 5.0
"After reading all the glowing reviews, I was really excited about this game.  I was very disappointed when I finally got the game and actually played it with my family, however.  There are four categories of question, but these categories differ in how the question is asked, not the subject of the question.  It's a nice idea, and with different subject matter might make the game interesting.  The majority of the questions seem to involve history or dates in one way or another, however.  If the question is about music or film, for example, it might involve placing placing releases in order from oldest to most recent.  Current events questions might require the player to know which event occurred before a certain date.  As someone who's more interested in the why and what than the when, I found myself bored and frustrated by this game.  I like to learn something even when I get the question wrong, but I found myself not caring much about the right answer to a question if all it involved was knowing which obscure play was written before WWII, etc.  Conclusion: if you're good at history and dates, you'll probably enjoy this game.  Otherwise you'll probably be bored and anxious for the game to end.", 5.0
"  This is the first review I have taken the time to write on Amazon.  This toy is as bad as others have said.  So much is wrong with the design - but the worst thing is that the reflective panels do not stay in place- I wanted to think that they MUST lock in place somehow.  Has Rainbow Art tested this product?  I was hoping to read some Amazon reviews of Digidraw to find out if anyone had a remedy for the panels slipping- The remedy is to return the toy.  I will quickly say that the reflected image is a blurry shadow - my boy's can do better freehand.  Please don't waste your money!", 5.0
"This "art tool" is basically two plastic panels that POORLY reflect an image on paper. There is nothing to this toy. Looks like the manufacturer spent a lot of effort on packaging and marketing and put NO effort into the product. Also, the name "digi" is hysterical, there is nothing digital about the product - the 2 plastic panels are inside a case that resemble a laptop. LOL!", 4.0
"Big waste of money! You get better results tracing images the good old fashioned way when using parchment or tracing paper", 4.0
"How can anyone be 'extremly dissapointed' with somthing like this?  Despite this products said flaws, what is it that you people expect?  I dont think that any of your children will be perminantly scared or anything of the sort.  People, please.", 2.0
"I bought this along with the regular Digi Draw & I wasted my money. It is hard to see image to trace. Maker's of this product should have put more effort into making this. Big disappointment", 4.0
"This tracing type art toy is nearly impossible to use. The reflective panels do not securely attach and if you just brush them with your arm they fall down. There is no integrated light with the toy so you need to find a very well lit space to work.", 4.0
" My 5 year old and I were extremely frustrated with this toy and will be returning it", 5.0
"My son wanted a wagon for Christmas to transport his matchbox cars around. This was perfect. It's not very big, but for the price, it's a great value. My son loves it", 5.0
"My cousin, my uncle, my aunt and I were tossing this football around and it hit the ground so many times without getting even one scratch eventually of course it did get some scratches but it is a far improvement from the vortex of old that would hit the ground a few times and fall apart, so I would reccommned this to anyone, you would be suprised how much fun the vortex football will bring you, if you are considering getting one of these, I would say go for it", 5.0
"I just got this figure in the mail and I have to say that it is really nice looking. I have it up on my mantle now and it looks a=even better out of it's packaging. It is a must have for Kings, Gretzky, and NHL fans. Id rate the pose a 10 out of 10, it was from when he got the points record in Edmonton. This figure would get 5 stars if it wasn't for the assembly. You have to put Wayne's legs on and normally the leg assembly is easy but thios was just horrific. It is possible, but I had to use tons of soap and water just to get the legs in, and then it wasn't easy. But I think that it is definately worth it.", 4.0
"I got this cottage for my 14 month old daughter and she LOVES it.  We keep it in the house and our daughter is in it every chance she gets.  She likes to sit on the pre-made chairs and eats snacks on the little table, she also loves to talk on the included telephone which is too cute!!!  For the price, this house is a great buy and she will be able to use if for a few more years.", 5.0
"I was a little nervous about buying something so large on-line because I was afraid it would arrive broken but it arrived fast and in perfect condition and the free shipping from Amazon is such a great deal!!!", 5.0
"The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is because the flooring inside has deep grooves and if your little one is bare footed and playing in it for long periods, it can be painful on the feet.  I resolved this issue by going to the home store and buying a small grey bathroom rug to match and pad the flooring.  Now its more than perfect and we LOVE it!!!", 5.0
"My children are enjoying the new cottage they received from SANTA.  It's the perfect size for them. And it was a very reasonable price for the product.  I think they will definately enjoy the cottage once it goes outside.", 4.0
"I love this little cottage.  We got it for my 18 month old and she enjoys it everyday!!  I love that it is more open than other pretend houses, so there is plenty of air circulation in our hot humid weather while she is playing.  The construction is very durable, and there is enough space for her and a friend, or doll to play!  Definitely don't think twice.  And the free shipping is a bargain on this!", 5.0
"My kids; 4 and 1, love this playhouse and use it several times a week. There are a couple things I don't particularly love about it: it's not as tall as I think it should be and the sink/chairs are pretty much a waste of time. Some more useful toys inside would have been better, but overall it's been a great thing for them to play with.", 4.0
"We bought this house for my daughter for her 1st Birthday, we must have looked at about 15 different houses, this one stood out because it had a little table and built in chairs, opening shutters, a mail slot, and a working door and doorbell (although the doorbell did not work when we installed it and had to have the manufacturer replace it, which they were happy to do). Another bonus is the built in floor, so that if you choose to keep it outdoors (we haven't) little feet are not sitting in the dirt. She loves to play in this house it keeps her busy opening and closing the door and pushing 'mail' through the slot. She especially loves the table and chairs. I like that it's open and I can see what she's doing and she likes that she can be seen 'playing house'.", 4.0
"My husband, son, and I saw this playhouse in Wal-mart yesterday. I let my 13 month old son play in it and I had to drag him out kicking and screaming when it was time to leave. We would have purchased the playhouse there but the display was all they had left and the phone was missing, the sink wasn't attached, and all of the stickers were gone. So, when we got home, I called every Wal-mart store with in a 100 mile radius of my house. Finally, after an hour or so on the phone, I found one about 30 miles away. We got there thinking that we would have to pay the full price of $139. When we went to check out, it rang up at $100. They said that it was on clearance because it was out of season. We were so happy! My husband just put it together tonight and it only took him 15 minutes. My son was so happy. I recommend this to everyone. Even at full price, it is well worth it. My son loves the phone and the windows that open and shut. I love the flooring. It keeps the dirt and bugs out. I am a little worried about him leaning on the door and falling out but I watch him closely to prevent any accidents. Anyway, your kid will love it too, I'm sure =", 4.0
"We just gave this playhouse to our daughter for her second birthday, and she absolutely loves it.  If she spots it out the window she starts crying to go out and play with it, even when it is bedtime.  I love how I can watch her playing from afar, because of how the sides are open, but she still has two windows she can open and close.  I also love how it has a solid floor.  Other playhouses I've seen, without floors, end up with dead grass and mud in them.  The house is roomy enough inside that I can join her in there, and she loves the phone.  Even though she has a few different play phones to play with, I think she likes this one best because it is most realistic.  The doorbell sounds so realistic, too.  I researched a lot of different playhouses, in different price ranges, and I feel you truly get the most for your money with this house.", 5.0
"I'm not giving 5 stars because it wasn't completely easy for my husband to assemble.  He said there were some parts where the instructions said to drill straight, but really he had to drill at an angle to make it secure.  Also, there were some defective assembly parts, like a screw with a flat, instead of a pointed, tip.  The house itself is somewhat flimsy.  When my daughter leans onto the table it does bend down some. But, so far it is holding up, and at this price I really can't complain.", 5.0
"Just a warning to other parents... when we tried buying this house in stores in early July it was already deemed "out of season", and we were left to either buy it online (and pay nearly $100 for shipping), or travel an hour away to where we did find one in a store.  I learned my lesson to always buy outdoor toys in the spring or early summer.", 5.0
"My toddler loves this toy.  The only drawback is the design of the door.  It is easy for your toddler to fall out fast as they try to push the door open.", 4.0
"My baby loves it, he is amazed looking the birds and lights move. Great quality. I didn't have any problem with it, works fine. The music is also great", 5.0
"Bought one because I liked the idea of the light show in ceiling.  First one stopped turning the first night and the lullaby music button didn't work like others have wrote.  Returned it for another same thing!!!  I will have to say I like the idea but this is by far the most disappointing mobile we have bought", 4.0
"I bought this mobile when our last one wore out.  Our son does like to watch this one go and loves the music, but the quality is so poor, I can't give this any higher rating.  I had to return the first one we bought because the lullaby button did not work; both that mobile and this one buzz as they turn, as another reviewer commented; and the mobile goes through batteries like crazy, as another reviewer also remarked.  I hadn't had this mobile 2 weeks before it needed its first change of batteries--and I had started it with 4 brand new Duracell C-sized batteries.  Already, I have begun to have problems with the buttons on this mobile, which I haven't had for a month.  And I have to agree with the comment that it is rather large and ugly.  On the whole, I expected better from Fisher Price.  Since I haven't had this a month yet, I am thinking of returning this model to the store and getting a Baby Einstein model instead.  I have a friend who has that and his 5 month old loves it.  Like this model, it can be changed so that children can use it themselves once they're too old for the mobile-only function", 1.0
"I have always loved Fisher Price items so when I looked for a mobile, they were the first ones I looked at.  I have been pleased overall with the mobile.  Amazon was great at shipping fast and ordering was very easy.  Overall, I have been very pleased and will order from Amazon again", 5.0
"I would like to ask others who have purchased this mobile if they hear a "buzzing" sound as the mobile rotates. It seems loud to me and I'm wondering if this is normal or if I purchased a defective one.", 5.0
"Also, I feel the music is too loud even at the lower volume selection. I even covered the speaker to muffle it as it's primary purpose is to put the baby to sleep not keep him/her awake.", 4.0
"We haven't had this mobile for long but I think it's great. I love the fact that we can use longer than regular mobiles. The projection is great not too bright or too soft. The lullabies and the classical music is nice. You can the mobile going without any music.", 5.0
"After the baby outgrows the mobile you can use as music box and still have the soft toys and projection attached to it.", 4.0
"I've had this mobile less than a week; I am keeping the box just in case anything happens, but so far everything is great and my little guy loves to look at it and my 2 year old loves the projection light and music.", 5.0
"It takes 4 C batteries.", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter when she was 9 months old. She absolutely loves it. She has played with it every day since I bought it two months ago. The self-storage for the balls is great. The only complaint I have is that there's no way a small child can push the ball past the button on the top to get it to spiral down. She puts the ball in the top and wants me to push it through for her. That was fine the first thousand times, but it would be nice if she could do it herself", 1.0
"I have to admit, I wasn't sure my daughter would enjoy this toy when she received it from a family member.  But, she has liked it ever since the beginning, and still enjoys playing with it.  But, I think there's a design flaw.  The balls are too hard for small children to push into the toy.  I've had to help her until just recently (she's now 18 months) - she would get frustrated otherwise.  This toy does have a lot of cute buttons, but my daughter enjoys the balls mostly.  It lights up and plays lots of music, so it's definitely entertaining for kids", 4.0
"I got this for my little girl on her second Christmas. She played with it Christmas day and once in her room. The balls are hard for her to put in the hole at the top. She just started placing them on the slide (not through the top). She never used the panio keys and could not turn the wheel. Not much fun", 4.0
"When my son received this for a Christmas gift we actually did not open it right away.  We though he (16 mo at the time) would grow out of it too soon and thought we would return it for something that would last longer.  After he was always going to the box we gave in.  This has been one of the most popular toys in our house - especially when friends and my nephew (5!!) come over!  It's taken several dives off the coffee table and shows no damage.  It is a very entertaining toy for my son.  My only issue is that I don't like the voice for some of the rhymes - but obviously that's personal!  I definitely recommend this toy for 12 mo and up", 5.0
"My eight-month-old received more toys than she could ever possibly play with for Christmas, but this one is by far and away her favorite.  She LOVES it!!!  She cannot play with it enough.  It is adorable and so clever--so many features. Only drawback is that it is difficult to push the balls in through the top--takes more strength than a baby has.  However, she still can have a great time with it and has spent countless happy hours.  I recommend it highly", 4.0
"my 5 year old and 19 month old love this toy. it has cute music and learning stuff on it, very colorful. it is worth it", 4.0
"When my daughter opened this on her 1st birthday my immediate thought was - Oh, another keyboard (She got 4 this year). This is one cute toy. It has so many functions that I am sure she will use more and more of as she gets older. It does have a keyboard but also plays individual songs, is a ball drop and teaches cause and effect. Its bright colored and lights up and isnt tooo loud. One HUGE point with me is, it comes with 4 balls. AND its built to STORE the balls when not in use. She has a FisherPrice ball drop toy that the balls are all over our house because there is nowhere to store them.", 5.0
"Now granted, my daughter hasnt had this very long so we have not had time to get sick of the main song but so far she really loves it and is exploring all of the different things it does. I believe this toy has staying power. I just wish it was a little sturdier. She tries to pull up on it to put the balls in the top and it topples right over", 5.0
"My mother recently went birthday shopping for my 1 year old son and she came home with the Dr. Dreadful Food Lab as a small gift for me. I was suprised given the fact that i'm in my mid 20's and haven't played with toys since i was 11. Fact of the matter is this kit was a blast from the past and i can only hope that there are toys like this available for my son when he gets old enough", 5.0
"My 6 year old son got this as a gift for Christmas and immediately wanted to make the "food".  All the recipes for the gummies are basically the same, you just change the flavor to suit your taste.  We never did find a flavor or combination flavor that he liked, and ended up throwing out all of the treats he made.  The drinks were equally as bad tasting.  There were no directions as to how to set up your "lab", just a lot of connector pieces that didn't seem to fit everywhere you wanted them to.  As other reviewers stated, you need to have an adult there to help with the mixing.  He grew bored with the kit, put it away, and has not asked to play with it again.", 5.0
"My 6 yr old son got this as a Christmas present.  It is disgusting!!  The stuff is sticky and oozes out when it is setting.  It isn't very tasty either.  My son liked the gummies but there was some kind of drink that we poured down the drain. I have put it up and am hoping that he forgets that we have it!!  The recipes are not hard to follow but pouring them into the molds and getting everything set up requires an adult.", 4.0
"ok games like these , are so much more fun than the games they have today when i had this i didnt know i was learning i totally recomend this", 5.0
"Words cannot describe the awsomeness of the Dr. Dreadful Food Lab", 5.0
"We thought it was a lot of set up. The lab did not seem stable.  My 9 year old could not snap the mold covers on and the molds did not fill up all the way with the mix, which left him with 1/2 of a gummy worm. It was messy, awkward and not worth the money we paid for it. It is in the trash. We wouldn't buy another one. Also the piece that is used for the mixing - what an odd design.  And I could barely pull it apart to clean it to make another batch. Save your money and buy the supplies to make the goodies in a bowl at home", 5.0
"The kids had fun with this, but the goo is very hard for young kids to mix without making a mess. It starts to set very quickly so its hard to get enough out of the bowl and into the molds.  It was okay, but definately not worth $25.  My 6 year old has just as much fun playing with cheap spices and a bowl of water", 5.0
"I have four children between the ages of 4-10 and we have bought many "make your own food" kits.  This one has been the best by far.  The directions are really easy.  My six and eight year olds needed a little guidance, but my ten year old was fine doing these by herself.  The projects are all done very quickly (3-5 minutes at the most), and ready to eat right away.  Even the gummy-type creatures only have to cool for five minutes.   We have a candy-making kit from National Geographic and there is not one project in there that can be eaten in less than an hour and a half.  A real bummer for kids!", 5.0
"      Dr. Dreadful is also nice because nearly everything you need is in this kit.  The only thing you'll need to provide is water. It even comes with its own measuring spoon!  Some of the other kits require you to provide lots of extra ingredients and household items (sugar, salt, string, waxed paper, etc.)  There are enough ingredients in this kit to make dozens of projects.", 1.0
"     There are a lot of parts to this kit, so make sure all the pieces are cleaned up.  We lost one little plastic disk (I found it on the floor and had no idea what it was so I threw it away) and now we can't make the gummy creatures very easily.", 1.0
"      The Dr.D "experiments" are all pretty tasty, especially for kids.  This toy has been a really big hit at our house.", 4.0
"i got this toy for my cousin who is 6. he Loves it. of course i had to help him with it, reading the experiments and all but that was ok. it is pretty messy and sticky so having an adult around helps. he didnt like the taste of some of the experiments so we ended up just throwing them away. i also didnt really understand the whole thing about connecting the lab together and stuff. luckily he didnt care about setting it up as he did just making the food. overall it was not a bad toy. just a few hitches", 2.0
"McFarlane Toys is only up to Series 3 in the Cooperstown Collection of 6-inch action figures of some of baseball's greatest stars of yesterday, and Nolan Ryan is already up to his second edition.  His first figure was part of Series 1, and showed him in the home uniform of the Texas Rangers, his left knee up in his chest as he got ready to throw a pitch (presumably a fastball in the high 90s).  This figure shows the all-time strikeout king in the road uniform of the California Angels, following through on a pitch (presumably a fastball in the low 100s).  So between the two figures you would have the long (or tall) and the short of Nolan Ryan.", 4.0
"Ryan was traded to the Angels from the New York Mets for Jim Fregosi and pitched for eight seasons in California, from 1972 to 1979.  However, this figure would have to represent Ryan from 1975 or later because that is when the Angels started wearing the red cleats you see on this figure.  Too bad, because his best seasons with the Angels were 1973, when he went 21-16 with a single-season record 383 strikeouts and a 2.87 ERA, and 1974, when he was 22-16, 367 strikeouts and a 2.89 ERA.  He threw first two no-hitters in 1973 and his third in 1974, and those were also the only two seasons Ryan won over 20 games, which is amazing when you consider he ends up with over 300 wins.  Of course, that becomes easier to do when you pitch 27 seasons and all I have to say is that whoever taught young pitchers in the Mets farm system how to strengthen their legs to prolong their career did a fantastic job with Ryan (27 seasons to age 46), Tom Seaver (22 seasons to age 41) and Jerry Koosman (19 seasons to age 42).  Seaver or somebody must have passed this information along to Roger Clemens.  The only reason Ryan retired was because at the age of 46 he had his first season in ten years when he did not average over a strikeout an inning.", 5.0
"The sculpt of Ryan's face is pretty good and as always the attention to details on the uniform are great.  The figure has limited articulation, but basically you want it to look like what you see here.  For me the key detail is how relaxed Ryan's right hand looks now that he has released the ball, like he had just whipped the ball by somebody for one of his 5,714 strikeouts.  He threw seven no-hitters (this could not be from his 1974 no-hitter because he pitched that at home against the Baltimore Orioles and not on the road), and another 12 one-hitters.   What new record about the Ryan Express did I learn today?  He is the only pitcher to strike out the side on nine pitches in both Leagues, not that this surprises anyone.  But you look at his record and you wonder what he would have done if he had played for better teams, because he had a career ERA of 3.19 to go along with all those strikeouts.  Nolan Ryan is to the last quarter of the 20th century what Walter Johnson was to the first quarter: a great pitcher despite being on teams that were not great.  That is why he is popular enough to already be on his second Cooperstown Collection figure.", 5.0
"This battery is a JOKE!!! You charge it for four hours and you are lucky if you can get 5 minutes of flight time before the battery dies. A disgrace, as is the junky plane made of styrofoam. You pay $100 for a toy, it would be nice if it flew for more than five minutes and didn't break into pieces on every landing", 5.0
"please this battery doesn't work at all, less than 5 minutes and let me tell you if the battery gets discharged in the middle of a lake you will need a real boat to get your storm launcher back, i wouldn't mind to pay a few plus dollars just to have more time to enjoy my storm launcher.", 5.0
"I've played the game maybe five times.  The same questions came up at least three out of those five.  In short, no fun.  It's also not like the game we see on TV.  SO not worth the cost.  Whoever created it should be ashamed.", 5.0
"Awful game. Nothing like the show. The only way we could try to make it work was to have both teams answer each round and just see who scored the most points. They must pay people to write some of those 5 star reviews. I doubt my family will ever play this game again. Boring", 5.0
"We've had fun playing this DVD Family Feud Game as a family, it's much like the television version, a good variety of questions, including a thorough "how to play" selection to check out if your a first time user, just select that icon by using your own DVD remote, and within seconds, you're playing.  The genre of questions remains the same as what you'd see on the television version of the game, some get a little "racey" like "What would you bring along on a first date?"  One answer was "a condom..."", 5.0
"Negatives - Some answers I considered way off, like "what's a complaint people have with a valet service?"  All the answers revolved around being too expensive, or the driver drove too fast, took too long.  I thought of answers like, "he adjusted my seat, changed the radio presetting stations, moved the side mirrors, stole a CD..."  So, some of the answers were unreasonable.  Another question asked, "what's an appliance you might ask help moving," the number 1 answer was a sofa, but washer/dryer wasn't even listed.  That didn't make sence to me.  Also the speed round, I was dissappointed when the speed round came around and only the top rated answer to each question is revealed worth points.  In the television version, more than one answer is valuated by points.", 1.0
"Positives - The on screen "how to play" icon will thoroughly walk you through the object of the game, it's simple and to the point.  The game is fast paced, completely self explanatory, very compact, would be great to go on vacations with, takes no set up time, easy learning curve, the game prompts you what to do when.  The bright and colorful display with attractive on screen game menus makes it fun to play with "elevator music" timing your responses.", 5.0
"Conclusion - It's a really fun game to play if you have at least 5 minutes to sit with your family and play a game.  It's a go anywhere, creative, thought provoking game that everyone will enjoy contributing to", 5.0
"This is one of the best DVD games there is! i totally reccomend this game for everyone, including kids. Kids and adults will have bunches of fun playing the game, but to have even more fun, just make a deal with the other team and say "Best two out of three games is the champion!!" because this Family Feud game is very short but fun. One of the lamest questions they asked team B was: "What famous man has sideburns?" and our family was puzzled. Of course, who could of thought of Abraham Lincoln??!! But although it is short it is one of the COOLEST games out there!! Trust me, it's an addictive game! Pretty soon at your party and the next day someone will say, "Hey, guys, wanna play Family Feud again?"", 5.0
"Have fun and be sure to buy this!!!!!!!!!It's a great dvd game!!!!!! AND it works on my laptop!!!!!!", 5.0
"I am sure this must be a good program, however, I was disappointed to find that it was not a PC program rather one for the TV. I am hoping I can trade it for the PC program since my granddaughter and I like to play Family Feud when she visits. We have an older version but we wanted an updated version", 5.0
"Has catagory in first 10 minutes of play that answers are sleazy dancer, stripper and prostitute. Not appropriate for Kids who want to know what those are!!!!!", 5.0
"My boys love to go "WEEEEEEEEEE". They are very creative and could find a slide out of anything...they were using my hubby's sit up bench. We bought this slide for them and they LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE it. It keeps them entertained and they actually share and wait their turn. It's folds easily for storage and can be used indoors or out. A MUST!!!", 5.0
"I purchased this slide for my 15 month old.  She loves it and did from the moment she climbed on.  However, it is much smaller than it appears.  It is maybe three and a half feet tall.  My daughter figured out how to climb the steps in the first 5 minutes and within minutes after that she was climbing up 2 steps at a time.  (that's how small it is). On the plus side, it is also easy to fold and store because of it's small size.  As much as she loves it now, I am scared she will outgrow it in a couple of months.  Regardless, I am happy to have it since she's happy to have it", 5.0
"Ok, the picture makes the slide look bigger than you think. It's very small,and shaped fuunny, so the bottom of the slide kinda fold under, it's hard to describe, but it makes the trying to slide process hard. My daughter was as long as the slide. She started jumping off the top of the slide, and had her fun there, but no sliding down for her. This is definitely for a 1 year old, no older. My daughter was 2 at the time I got it. I went out and bought the bigger one. Now she loves that. That one get an a", 4.0
"This is my first purchase of any outdoor play equipment and i am very pleased with it. i bought it for my 22 month old and was a little nervous at first about her falling off of the top. i watch her very closely but she seems to have mastered it. i like the high hand rails at the top opposed to others i looked at because it helps alot with them to hold onto while sitting down. the steps also seem to be at more of an angle opposed to other slides. my 22 month old has not been off it since and it is also great for my 4 year old. i don't have a yard, so this was a perfect toy for my children to have a little fun with limited space. i would definitely recommend this product! it is alot of fun and with it being made by step 2 we all know it will last a long time", 4.0
"No children... bought this mobile for my office, I'm setting my sights on the final frontier.  A better mobile might exist, but I never found it.  The mobile consists of cardstock photos from NASA; I would not say it is durable, but it hangs from the ceiling so that should not be a deterent... as children should probably not be hanging from the ceiling anyway.  It's easy to put together if you have two sets of hands and hangs beautifully once in place.  Unlike a lot of the other mobiles I saw, this one has a sun... nice touch.  I would highly recommend this product.  The world needs more mobiles", 5.0
"I love Scattergories, so I wanted to try Slapagories.  It takes some getting used to, but it's fun.  You just have to get used to slapping and yelling (not at people of course).  It's definitely a fun change to the original Scattergories, but I prefer that one over this one", 5.0
"The instructions were a little difficult to follow.  I put together our son's crib, so it's not like I'm instructionally challenged.  ;-)  Once it was put together, it seemed very sturdy, but was still pretty easy to move around.  I liked that you had to tilt it because this way, my 2 year old can't push the whole thing around his room.  I also liked that the bottoms came out of the storage bins so that when you move, etc., you can fold the boxes completely flat.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because it isn't bigger.  We've got two young children and it seems like no toy box is big enough", 5.0
"This organizer looks great, and I spent some serious money on it, but in the end it was disasterous.  I use the wonderful laundry hamper part, but once you put anything in the bins they automatically fall down because there is nothing securing them in.  This product is a total let down", 5.0
"If there was an option to pick "no stars" for this item I would!  This has got to be the worst organizer made.  On top of serving no purpose, Toys R Us AND the manufacturer are not willing to work with me in exchanging it for something functional!  The bins sit on 2 wooden poles per rack.  There is no center support in each rack therefore when you load the bins; they fall down onto the rack below and so on.  It is very frustrating and it only sits in my son's room to collect dust until I throw it out this weekend!  I highly recommend avoiding this organizer and manufacturer! What a waste of money and energy!", 2.0
"Since my husband would not let me get a real play kitchen... I saw this and snapped it up!  To my surpise, my 3 year old that normally hates touching play-doh, was all for this!", 1.0
"We made lots of different foods with the molds and even wanted to sleep with the fake egg (not happening!)", 5.0
"Oh coarse the biggest down side to this is that it IS play-doh... it makes such a mess and I am always vacuuming, but it is worth him being really happy to play with something besides Thomas the Tank Engine", 5.0
"I got this for my 3 year old nephew at Christmas time and he still plays with this for hours.  This is the one creative toy for a kid that will keep them entertained for a long time", 4.0
"I bought this toy for my 3 year old daughter who loves playdoh and she loved it ...but the stand that connects to the oven always falls off so we just turn it upside down and play with it that way because there are cool shapes on the underside you can smash playdoh into. overall it is a good playdoh toy for playdoh lovers.", 5.0
"I gave this Play-Doh set to my son today for his 4th birthday and he loves it!  He spent close to 5 hours straight "cooking" and "making dinner" for my husband and I.  It is a great toy and I highly recommend it for kids who like to spend time creating different "meals" and putting them together themselves.  I think that it teaches to clean up when done or the play-doh dries out, to wash the dishes and it's just a lot of fun", 5.0
" I recently purchased the password journal for my 10 year old girl. She loved it!! It has so many things you can do to it. She really loved the stamps! She also really enjoyed that you can create your own cover to make it different then others. I would definately recommend this to anyone with girls between 7 and 11!!", 4.0
"My friend has this, and she loves it! I really want it!!! She says that it is really fun, and her two sisters and three brothers can't get in it! This is a really cool jornal and it lasts a long time! Get it for your daughters", 5.0
"My girls are having a blast making up new passwords, and the big brother is having fun trying to figure it out every time it changes.  The only recommendation is to be very patient and speak clearly.  Any background noise or change in inflection, stops the journal from opening.  But if you remember that it is is toy, you'll have a good time", 5.0
"This was the main thing my daughter wanted for xmas.  Three months later I finally gathered everything up in a grocery bag and took it back to the store because it had just sat collecting dust.  Main reason being we couldn't get it open.  It took 2 days to set the date.  Then I figured since I could do that it would be ok to close it until we could work with it some more.  We tried and tried to use the password but no luck.  Honestly I think they need to take the thing off the market.  It's a nice concept.  I ended up getting her the barbie dairy instead.  Much less stress and much cheaper.  I know there are plenty of people out there that agree with me I only wish I would have listened to you before I bought it.", 4.0
"My 8 year old daughter wanted this more than anything for her birthday and it was absolutely everything she was hoping for.  She loves being able to change the password any time she wants and gets a huge kick out of thinking that she's the only one that can get into it! (it does seem to be little-sister-proof)  It even tells her how many "intruders" tried to open the journal.  The pen with radio gets a few stations depending on where she's walking in the house - only downside to the radio is that I can't hear what she's listening to unless I'm always checking on her.  Shredder on pen is manual and is for tiny pieces of paper only - which seems to be perfect for whatever shredding an 8 year old girl can want to do.  There is a way to set the journal to be easier to get into - the more sensitive setting really is very sensitive - we had to reset the password several times when it wouldn't recognize her password - but problem resolved when set to less sensitive.  (and easier for Mom to get into without setting off the intruder alert....", 5.0
"Bought as a gift, they loved it; was cheaper than buying in a store", 4.0
"My son helped me put this together after its arrival. That, in itself, was a treat. The pieces are kid friendly, not sharp, and the item is exceptionally sturdy for a cloth lined toy box. Shipped for free only makes it better", 1.0
"I have a PhD in Polymer Science and I can easily tell you that this item is extremely overpriced. Only sides and the top is plastic, rest is canvas type of material. I can not see how they demand such a price for this toy box. Only thing I liked about is the colors.", 5.0
"We were looking for a larger toy box to hide the toys in our Great Room.", 4.0
"This box is lightweight, durable, and great looking.", 5.0
"The top does not hinge like a door, but it does open and close as if it has a hinge because of the plastic configuration.  I would recommend this to any parent.... the storage pockets in the front are great too.  My wife and I are very happy with this purchase", 4.0
"This is a great toybox and safe for the kids. The only thing about it is that I wish the top attached to the body so it wouldn't come off everytime I open it", 5.0
"This toy box hold alot of toys and is very accessible for my child to get in and get what toy he wants out.  The pockets on the front are wonderful for holding stuffed animals or smaller books.  The lid is cushioned so its soft in case it falls shut, fingers won't get hurt.  I would recommend this toy box to everyone", 5.0
"I bought this toy box for my granddaughter.  I like the idea that her parents can put her favorite things in the front pouches without her having to lift the lid.  I am also impressed that the lid can be removed so there is no danger of little fingers being caught", 4.0
"I got this toy box for my nephew who just turned 12 months old in November.  He has really enjoyed it!  My sister now has a place that she can put him and his toys and not worry about his safety", 1.0
"My only complaint with this toybox is that the lid doesn't stay attached. We simplified things by removing the lid and just piling the toys to overflowing. It's an otherwise sturdy box that can withstand a mountain of toys and a 34 lb toddler all at once", 4.0
"I unfortunately lost the Racko Card Game I had long ago. I was so glad to see it was still available to buy through Amazon. It is a great game for children to play as well as for adults. I notice the game now has more variations to it which is delightful", 5.0
"I used to play this when I was growing up. I love this game and now that I have kids its even better. WHY? I helps them learn advanced number skills by putting number in order from 1-60. They have to choose to use a card that is showing or draw and take a chance. Makes them plan ahead and adjust on the fly. A great game of chance and skill, my 6 year old loves it, and he can win too", 4.0
"I was satisfied with my purchase from Amazon.com, especially since I could not find the game from any other source. The item was a gift to my Granddaughter who wanted the game. I have no personal experience with the game", 5.0
"I first saw this game while volunteering in my daughter's second-grade class, where the teacher used it in one of the math activity centers. Being able to put numbers in sequential order is a critical skill, and this is such a fun way to teach it. After looking for the game everywhere, I finally saw this one (a reissue, I think, since it's kind of retro) and grabbed it.", 5.0
"And although the box says 8-and-up, my 6-year-old son can play just fine. Sometimes we simplify the rules a little, and ignore the special green cards, which direct you to switch cards, trade with opponents, etc.", 4.0
"Overall, a very fun, educational game! Highly recommended. :-", 5.0
"LOVE THIS GAME BUT MUST SAY THE OLD VERSION WAS BETTER.  THIS ONE DOES HAVE SOME FUNKY SPECIAL CARDS WITH DIFFERENT RULES OF PLAY -- JUST PREFER THE OLD FASHION WAY OF PLAYING.  BUT STILL A GOOD GAME", 1.0
"If you want a great simple to learn game for the entire family this is it.", 5.0
"We play it as a family and sometimes my daughter and I play while we are making supper. It is really a fun game", 1.0
"I thought this would be just like the original Rack-O.  The cards are hard to read and have too much on them that is not needed for playing the original game.  I just needed new cards, since my son and I wore out the first pack (from the original game).  I'm sorry I bought this", 1.0
"What a fun and exciting card game this is! Takes both strategy and luck to emerge the winner. Can be played for years without boredom. I liked it when I was a child, and I still like it now", 1.0
"This is a family favorite.  My family and now their families have been playing for about 20 years.  The only problem I have had is that we play the game so often, the cards become bent and sticky from all the shuffling and handling required.  I wish it were possible to get just replacement cards instead of the whole set as I now have about 16 racks and only enough cards for 4 players.  This game teaches young children 6 and older how to arrange their numbers in order.  You don't have to be a genius to play and the whole family can get involved.  Young children love it because they can be included in the games.  Very inexpensive also", 5.0
"I bought this used at a baby consignment shop so it gets a thumbs up for durability. Our baby LOVES the whistle- and from time to time it gets taken out of the bathtub to be played with and then we need to track it down before bath. We are happy with this toy", 5.0
"I bought this for my son when he was 2. He has always loved taking baths until recently.  I thought this toy seemed interesting enough for him to want to play with in the tub. After reading other reviews I was sure this was the toy...boy was I wrong.  He has absolutely no interest in this toy whatsoever.  He won't even play with the whistle.  He would rather play with plastic cups.  I would say this might possibly interest a younger child", 5.0
"Just got word that this gift was an instant success with my nieces. Although, keep in mind that this is not a toy for infants. 1 year and older is the norm", 5.0
"This bath tub toy has been a great hit for my 2 nephews ages 4 1/2 and 1 1/2. It's the only toy they play with now at bath time. They take it all apart and divide up the pieces so they each have something to play with. It was one of our Christmas gifts to them, and best of all.... it doesn't make noise like most of the other hi-tech toys they have! They have to use their imagination with this one, and have learned sharing", 5.0
"My son who just turned two would stay in the tub for hours to play with toy.  He loves to take it apart, play with the individual pieces and put it back together again.  He identifies the colors and counts.  He has to carry at least one of the animals out of the tube with him.  It is easy to clean and retains no water.  Overall an ideal bath to", 4.0
"My 2 year old son loves toys that he can put things in and out.  He also loves water, and since he got this toy he has lost interest in attempting to dump water OUT of the tub!   All my kids love this and it keeps them busy", 5.0
"I agree that this toy is great for imaginative play.  I purchased this for my 2 year boy/girl twins and they love it!  I like the fact that it is brightly colored, simple in design, and has many uses!  My kids learned to blow the whistle, dunk the bears, and delight in me filling up the bottom of the boat and sprinkling water over them in the tub!  When you have a bath every day, you need toys that are interesting!  I also like that it stores well.  A great buy", 4.0
"I was very pleased to be able to fing this car for my grandson.  His was lost and we weren't able to find him one locally", 5.0
"Nearly every one of these individual characters, is claimed to be "hard to find". Spend some time looking, you may be surprised how much you'll save. These character cars are collected by both kids who play with them, & adults who soley collect & leave in the original packaging. It doesn't matter which type of collector it is, a 20 + dollar car is outrageous !! I got my "Chick' off E-bay and I hit the auction just right & got mine for a reasonable price. I know, it gets tiring running around looking for something, but if you hang in there - you can save..........", 5.0
"I agree that the prices are a bit ridiculous for the cars toys, however, you may have to pay a bit more for some of the characters if you want to complete the collection while the toys are still hot items.  My son LOVES his Chick car----Chick provides lots of action to the story. I'm just glad I was able to find this car on [...], because I haven't seen it recently in any of the stores in my area.  And, sure I could've waited to find it cheaper---but by the time it shows up in our stores, My two year old may not be as interested in playing with it.  He now has all the main characters and he can play with his Cars collection for HOURS", 5.0
"Keep looking!  If you want it bad enough just keep checking the stores.  One place I would have never thought of looking was Younkers.  I went in there mid-January and they were fully stocked even with the hard to find woody and buzz, hamm, etc...They were higher than walmart, but a lot less than this", 4.0
"i've found all of the cars by going to every toys r us, walmart, walgreens, kb toys i was near (NC, NY, NV) however i still have not seen chicks or the king", 5.0
"Chick Hicks is one of the hardest cars to find but keep trying.  My nephew wanted this car for Christmas.  My sister had everyone she knew looking for this car for 3 weeks.  We finally found it at Toy R Us for $3.49 a week after Christmas.  We had managed to find all the other cars before this one.  Don't pay this price for it.  Now that Christmas is over there will be a lot more of these around", 5.0
"We have a few of the Shake & Go Racers.  My kids love all of them, but the Hot Rod is the most fun.  The other cars we have just stop when they hit a wall, but the Hot Rod bounces back and continues to zoom on in another direction.  I don't know if it's because of the body style or if it's more powerful than the others we have, which are a little older. You can't go wrong with any of these cars though, and I'm sure we'll be adding to our collection as time goes on", 4.0
"Purchased for our 3 year old Grandson for Christmas with the race set as well. Has turned out to be one of his (and the family's) favorite things. Lot's of fun and even easy for the little ones to use", 5.0
"These cars are so much fun! Just as the name says, you just shake it up and it goes. My son has several of these and they all have slightly different reactions. Some are faster than others.", 4.0
"They work best on a hard surface - Cement, hardwood floors, tile. They go pretty slow on carpet.", 5.0
"The cars are very durable. One of my son's favorite games is to launch them off the deck and see if he can get it to land on the grass below. If the weather isn't nice, he likes to send them racing down the stairs. So far, nothing has broken and its been over six months.", 4.0
"These cars are easy for my daughter (who is only two) to play with too. The kids love shaking with the cars and racing to see who's car goes the farthest.", 4.0
"My two boys love this car.  They received it for Christmas last year, along with the Shake 'n Go Race track. I'm buying them the other cars that they did not receive last year this year for Christmas.  Great toy it keeps my 2 boys occupied for hrs", 5.0
"My 3 year old son and his 5 year old sister both love this car! They aim it at their cardboard blocks and have a demolition derby.", 4.0
"Highly recommend it", 5.0
"Just bought this for my son, it arrived in the mail today and from the second my 20 month old even saw it in it's package I was racing to get it out of it's box because he was so excited - really cool looking car! Then all you do is follow the name...Shake & Go and the car is off racing. My son was just amazed that all he had to do was shake it and off it went...He loves chasing it as well as me shaking it and sending it in his direction so that he can catch it and send it back to me. The sounds are also fun and the styling couldn't be better - love the price too! I'm definitely buying more", 5.0
"My 19 mo. old absolutely LOVES cars.  It's his favorite word too.  This has been so much fun teaching him to shake and let go.  It also gets him to sit still for a minute while it goes.  He loves to chase it or just sit and watch to see how far it will go.  We can't wait for Christmas to get more.  It's fun for the whole family", 5.0
"These cars are really fun, because there's more to do than just push a button to make them go.  The kids just love shaking them up and chasing after them. The more they shake them up the farther they go.  It's cool that each car makes a different engine noise too.", 4.0
"I definitely recommend to get more than one, as it is really fun to race them!", 5.0
"My 2-year-old, car-obsessed kiddo loooves this car...and it's started more than one heated debate with his 2-year-old buddy down the street. It's very cute and the noise isn't too loud or annoying. Just a good basic car which a young kid can operate and enjoy. I think it's a great gift idea for a vehicle loving kid.", 5.0
"My two year old is a new fan of Dora, so I bought her the beach set in this series as a stocking stuffer.", 2.0
"To say she loved it would be an understatement. So I bought her this 'on the go' set to get the Tico character, and I thought she would like the car.", 5.0
"We have many Dora toys now, but the little Dora and Tico figurines in this set are very loved. What's nicest about them is that they are small enough for her to hold in one hand, and so are very portable.", 5.0
"They are also hard molded plastic, so while they aren't poseable, they also aren't breakable. She can bring them in the bathtub, to bed, play with them at meals and in the sandbox.", 5.0
"The paint has held up well to wear. The car's wheels do not turn, but it's compartments are very easy for a small child to put Dora and Tico in and out of them an push them around without it being difficult to maneuver.", 4.0
"My one complaint about this set as opposed to the beach set is that Tico's nose is very pointy and actually rather sharp. I think the recommended age for this toy is slightly older than my daugheter actually is though", 5.0
"I ordered the Little Tikes Crocodile Piano for my granddaughter's 2nd birthday.  When it arrived and I opened the box, I had to literally pry it out of the hands of my husband, who was having a ball playing with it.  It was a big hit at the birthday party and well liked by the kids.  I would recommend this toy--kids are sure to enjoy it", 5.0
"I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old nephew.  It is adorable and has multiple sounds, including instruments and other sounds.  It is a great size, not too big (it can be set on a table or lap) and not too small (it can also be used directly off the floor)!  He loves it and "plays" for me every time I visit", 5.0
"We got this for our daughter when she was about 21 months and she didn't pay a whole lot of attention to it then. But now a year later this is the first toy she plays with each morning. She can play her own tune, or set it to play a variety of well known tunes that she can dance to. Our baby loves playing with this also, and became interested in it as soon as she was able to sit up. I highly recommend this toy, especially for the price!", 5.0
"Hi,", 5.0
"I don't say ToysRus is not a big firm, but if you buy thru amazon, be prepared to wait. I've been waiting for 35 days. Christmas has passed, new years has passed, still another 10-15 days for estimated delivery.", 5.0
"So be aware.", 5.0
"My son enjoyed this toy while it was working but it didn't last very long!  After about six months it just quit working!  Of course I thought it just needed new batteries but that didn't do the trick", 5.0
"My son is 18 months old and loves the piano. He will sit in front of it for hours (something another toy has yet to do). Even his older brothers (8 yr old twins and 14 yr old) play with it to show him how what to do. The demo mode is the best...He will press it and just dance and laugh. So far it is holding up to the banging and constant playing. We love it!", 5.0
"My [...] loves puzzle. and flipping the pages.  Very sturdy peices, even though they have gone in her mouth a few times, I still love this puzzle book and am very suprised at the negative comments.  If your child likes puzzles and flipping pages this is for you", 5.0
"I bought this book as a sanity-saver to take on my recent 4-hour plane ride with my then 19 month old son.  It served its purpose and then some.  He still loves this book, over a month later.", 5.0
"I was surprised to read other comments about losing the pieces and having to play "supervised" with this book, as I have had no problem with this at all.  Sometimes we read the book together, and sometimes he "reads" it himself.  He hasn't lost a piece, yet and this book has been on many excursions with us, including the one mentioned above, where we took it across the country. (including connecting flights)", 5.0
"My only complaint is that the pictures aren't so great.  In fact, it is very difficult to discern the animal in the "M" picture for monkey...  even for me.  But they're not all bad.  It was still a great choice for us", 5.0
"We have had this magnetic ABC book for a year now. We take it out to look at together every few weeks or so. The pieces are all intact and the book is fairly entertaining. My 2-year-old likes to take all of the pieces out, one by one, and then he will name the pictures as he puts them back in the correct positions. In my opinion, the illustrations are just OK, but then, that's not really the point of this product.", 5.0
"My 2-year-old book fanatic will sit and "read" his books for 45 minutes at a time, several times a week. This is not one of his favorites, but every so often, he seems to enjoy it. It's something different anyway. I like the "hands-on" approach this book provides.", 5.0
"This would make a great car or plane trip toy, provided that you bring a carry case for all of the pieces. This is quiet, educational, somewhat engaging and requires no batteries", 5.0
"This wonderful little book has magnets with pictures of things that start with each letter. My 2-year old has the magnets all over the fridge", 5.0
"While we have several of these wooden puzzles, this appears to be the one they didn't think through.  It's a wonderfully constructed book but easily dismantled.  My 2 year old can remove all the magnetic pieces but rarely puts them back.  And like another reviewer it must be used under complete supervision.  Unlike the "noisy" puzzles that my son will not leave alone.  They are wonderful toys but this one really should have some improvement to it since the age range is really wrong for it.  I love it, don't get me wrong but it does need some re-thinking since it is a product that young children can take apart and with small pieces there is a choking hazard.  Or at least a chance that they will get stuffed into little mouths unless properly supervised", 5.0
"My daughter loves this book so much.  It is made so much better than a lot of wooden toys that fall apart at the edges.  I do recomend that your child be over their "everything in the mouth" phase as the pictures on the pieces will wear off easily.  Also, I wish this book had a simple latch to keep it shut without the pieces falling out", 5.0
"NECA Toys did a very good job on this 18'' Freddy Krueger toy based on Freddy Vs. Jason. This is a musy have for all toy collectors and Freddy Krueger fans.", 4.0
"It says 3 phases from Freddy Vs. Jason and 1 sound of his finger knives from the same film.", 4.0
"It's definitley a figure for all fans of the series", 4.0
"Yo... I just picked this up and it is really great. It is worth dollar it costs. The sound is amazing; every word he says is cool now GO BUY THIS! Don't just sit there on your ass and stare at the screen", 1.0
" Bought 2 of these for my grandsons. They love them and play with them daily. But I saw the same item at walmart for 1/2 the price", 4.0
"You can either get the cards alone, or buy them with that H2O appendange somewhere else on the site.  They play just like any ol' deck of UNO cards except with a little new "downpour" rule, it's really fun.", 5.0
"Since they're waterproof, they won't get stained, either.  At first, they seem a little slippery to handle, but you get used to it. The downpour rule is a lot of fun to play around with, and these cards are great overall", 5.0
"its good and you can play in the pool or tub and whan someone spills on them they don't get wreake", 5.0
"We like to go camping. Card games are a hit when sitting at the picnic table with a lantern burning bright. No TV to distract us from family time. It's great. Then it's time to turn in for the night. Everyone sleepily goes off to their sleeping bag and in the morning we find that the cards were left on the table. Damp, stuck together, wrinkled, etc. You get the picture right? Well, that problem has been solved. At least with the UNO H2O cards. You can play them in the lake if you want!! They will not become wrinkly, or torn from trying to pry them apart. This game was worth spending a few dollars more on. We'll have them for a long time. Why aren't all cards made in plastic", 5.0
"My 5-year-old granddaughter has a real problem with monsters. She's afraid of going to bed at night because there might be monsters somewhere in her room. Well, I got her this game so she could play it right before bedtime. It worked! She takes it to bed with her and if she starts feeling afraid she just pulls it out and plays by herself. Great game", 5.0
"As a counselor for young children, I highly recommend this game.  Very young kids learn social skills like taking turns and sharing.  Many little kids have fears of monsters and this game really starts the conversation of how to handle the fears.  The game also teaches assertiveness skills that can help with personal safety", 5.0
"This is a cute, easy game to play with.  I bought this one for my son a few years ago and it is still a big hit.  It is fun and keeps him giggling.  He asked to play a few times in a row, because it is a short adventure.  I think if your little one is scared of monsters in his room this helps ease his fear.  When they happen to pick a monster out of the sack ...they say~ go away monster and pitch it into the box...and I make up little things to say when this happens.  I highly recommend this game, not hard and really you don't need directions...explain it once and they have it.  Great buy", 4.0
"Whether you're 2 or 92 -- you'll have fun playing this game!  This is a wonderful family game to play with young children.  I first purchased this game when my son was 2 (he's now 7).  He still plays with it with his younger brothers.  You can have up to four players play with his or her own playing board (which is designed to look like a child's bedroom). Players take turns reaching into a "monster bag" and feeling for pieces of furniture needed for their rooms. If you pull out a monster instead, you can hide it under your board shouting "Go away, monster!" If you get a duplicate piece of furniture, then you may pass it along to someone who doesn't have theirs yet.  The first to complete their room with all their furniture wins", 5.0
"I bought this game for my children for their birthday (ages 3 and 5) and they love it.  They actually try to pull a monster out of the bag so we can all scream and make noise.  Also the game is easy to put away.  After a time or two of playing they are finished for a while, but pop it out a couple of days later and they are ready to go again..", 5.0
"I learned about it on reading many reviews at boardgamegeek.com, which is the best resource for reliable reviews of board games for kids as well as adults.  Sure enough, my 2.5 year old son loves this game!  I suggest hamming it up w/ much fear/consternation at the appearance of a monster.  This adds to the mystery & excitement upon drawing each piece from the bag", 5.0
"We bought this game for our son for Christmas and he loves it.  It has really taught him how to take turns and cooperate with his sister when playing a game.  It is also a lot of fun for him.  Our son is has mild autism and the visuals of this game make it easy for him to learn and follow", 4.0
"This is a wonderful first game....Be sure to make lots of high affect funny faces and sound effests...oh no...I picked a monster! and then in an exaggerated way take the monster and throw it to the side of the room saying "go away monster!!!!!!" and laugh..and smile. Very good for speech delayed or autistic kids that really need to develop shared attention skills...fun!!!", 4.0
"It is a great game to get a toddler started....you can make it as fun and funny as you want!  There is no stress with complicated rules.  A child learns to share, count, and recognize objects...without realizing it", 1.0
"this bookcase looks great in our playroom and is the perfect  height for our 2-year-old to put her things away. it hold more than it looks.  great quality wood.  i read reviews on assembly problems, and if i didn't screw up at step #3 i would've been fine. but i didn't realize i'd put a piece on backwards until i was at the end. had to do the whole thing again- what a backache! but it was worth it and we are really happy with it", 2.0
"I also read the other reviews before buying...I'm glad that I did! I also had problems with the sides, but I realized that I didn't have the shelves on correctly. Incidentally, I purchased a second one at Toys R Us because I liked it so well. I would highly recommend this for anyone that needs nice looking, well made storage space.", 2.0
"We love this for our 10 month old! She can pull the drawers open and get to her toys...I can put them away very easily and nothing ends up at the bottom of the "toy box" forgotten about!", 4.0
"It just fits in to our family room as far as "furniture"...maybe not the designer piece but a great solution for toys and books and furry friends.", 5.0
"I read these reviews online before I purchased this. I selected this bin toy organizer because the other ones I looked at had issues with safety and it was very important for me to know that this type of organizer was going to be safe.  I really like the Mission Oak style of this organizer ... we put it in our living room and it looks nice (for having toys all in it).  Better then the big plastic toy chest we used to have!", 5.0
"The shelves and the bins are all easily accessible and my 19 month old DD loves to take things down from the shelf or carry the bin to her play area and dump it all out.  At first I thought the bins were a bit too small to be practical, but now that she carries them around I actually appreciate the fact that they are smaller.  They are easier for her to handle and it means that there is less she will be dumping out!", 1.0
"After reading the reviews for this organizer, we made sure we read the directions carefully and it is important to get it right. Otherwise, my husband thought it was very easy to put together and he said it had a really nice design....much easier then most of her toys!  Additionally, knowing that the hardware is hidden in the buckets was also helpful. I would definitely recommend this piece of furniture ... it will last a long time and get a lot of use", 4.0
"We needed a storage system for our 2 year old.  This is perfect as it's just his height, and it has great storage for both toys and books.", 4.0
"I'm glad I read the reviews first thought.  I knew right away to look for the hardware in one of the bins (although I can't imagine why customer service doesn't know to tell you to look there and instead sends more)", 5.0
"Also, the first time we tried putting it together, I couldn't get the sides to fit. We would get one screwed in, but the other side would then the other side would be off.  We were really trying to force it, and finally gave up after 30 min.  I then read a review about one of the sides (C) always faces you and since other people put it together so easily, I thought I did something wrong. We took then whole thing apart and CAREFULLY followed the directions, making sure we matched the peices according to the picture given.  This time everything came together nicely and we were done in 15 min.", 5.0
"So other than installation (which is easy if you REALLY FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY) this is a great product", 5.0
"Very nice looking, solid, holds quite a bit of stuff.  I love the plastic storage containers.  We bought ours from our local toysRus.  My husband put it together by himself with no problems, in only 15 minutes.", 2.0
"~Ki", 5.0
"We were looking and looking for a storage solution that wouldnt make our living room look more like a play room. It's very sturdy and is the perfect height for our 2 year old. Daddy put it together while our daughter napped, very simple and is a beautiful piece. We found this modeled in Toy R Us, so we knew what the finished results were. No problems with any defects or missing hardware", 4.0
"I purchased this product from Target and found the price to be the cheapest.  It took me over 3 hours to put it together.  First, I had to find the screws (HIDDEN IN THE PLASTIC DRAWS).  I was able to put together the bottom pieces inside frame, I had to worst time putting the side panels.  They did not match with the holes and when getting them in the inside frame came out.  I was able to get it, with a lot of moving the wood.  The other side panel was IMPOSSIBLE to line up with the dowels.  I had to have my husband move the wood, while I placed the screws.  Finally, when everything was done and filled with my daughter's toys and books, it looks great in her bedroom.  MAKE SURE TO HAVE THE A/C ON, WHEN PUTTING TOGETHER.  YOU WILL SWEAT A WHOLE LOT WITH GETTING THE SIDES UP.", 2.0
"Before you call Little Tikes to order your missing hardware (it arrives in about 1 week), pull apart the trays to make sure its not hidden there.  Since installing the trays is the last assembly step, we just set the stack aside and never thought about it again.  Otherwise, assembly took about 1 hour and was not difficult", 2.0
"Over the years, I have managed to amass a collection of pretty much every version of "Password" ever produced. With the exception of "Super Password," I enjoyed every televised version of the show. The "Password" episode of "The Odd Couple" is one of my all time TV favorites. You may have guessed, I like the game.", 4.0
"This DVD version is, for all intent and purpose, just an over-produced variation on the standard home version. Instead of the cards and holders, you get a pair of 3-D looking glasses. Unfortunately, you can easily read the secret password on the screen without the glasses. And, the computer generated host (Charmin' Chuck Harmin) is just about as annoying a host as they could come up with.", 4.0
"Endless Games has produced many good home games. DVD games, at least going by this one, do not fit into their business model quite as well. Save yourself some money and get their standard edition "Password" game. It's not as high-tech. But it's a lot more fun", 1.0
"This is the only rocking horse that I could find that a smaller child could ride on.  It keeps my son busy for what seems like hours and he just loves the sounds.  He giggles every time that the horse neighs.  It is so great that there is one at the grandparents house too", 5.0
"We purchased this item for our 9 month old for Christmas and she absolutely adores it!  The sounds add real value and encourages your baby to want to bounce and rock along...We highly recommend it", 5.0
"Very much like the previous reviewer, my son was one when he received this car.  He didn't quite understand the keys/tools at the time, but he is slowly learning the concept as he reaches two years of age.  For the amount of pushing and crashing my son has done to this car, my husband and I are extremely surprised at how this toy has kept up.  This is a great toy and we highly recommend it.", 4.0
"My son received this car for his first birthday.  At that time he did not have the fine motor skills needed to use the keys etc to fix the car, but he loves to push it on the floor and watch it go and crash when it bumped into things.  It kept him busy in the kitchen in the evenings while I cooked.", 5.0
"Now that it is coming closer to the two year mile marker, he is learning to use the keys to refuel the engine and fix the problems on the car when it breaks down.  It is just challenging enough to him to be fun, and it also dishes out rewards when he gets it right.", 5.0
"This toy is very durable and the planning that went into it is fantastic.  It has just enough sounds to keep him entertained but not be annoying!", 5.0
"A+ at our house", 4.0
"Great for horse lovers, both those with a lot of knowledge and those wishing to learn.  Has provided hours of fun for two of my grandchildren.  I have enjoyed sharing the fun with them.  Of course, this is easy to play as most people already know how to play monopoly.  Just gives a new, fresh perspective.  Great addition to the family game collection", 5.0
"This was a Christmas gift for a friend's grand daughter.  We could not find it in the stores here, so was thrilled to find it on Amazon.  It was exactly what we wanted and arrived just as we would have bought it from a local store", 5.0
"Very good pictures of horses, excellent graphics, as good or better than the game it is derived from.  It plays just like Monopoly.  A great game to learn about horses and money management!", 5.0
"WE BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 6 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER FOR CHRISTMAS AND SHE LOVES IT.  SHE LOVES HORSES AND ANYTHING TO DO WITH THEM, SO THIS BOARDGAME WAS THE PERFECT GIFT. WHEN EVERYONE ELSE IS BUSY, SHE EVEN PLAYS IT BY HERSELF!!", 5.0
""It is awesome", says my grandaughter,age 12, whom I purchased this for.The directions were easy to understand, and holds her interst. It is like Monopoly, except with horses! She says "It is the best thing for any horse lover".", 5.0
"This was the hit of Christmas for our great niece, 9 years old. The whole family played for hours and had a great time. It's perfect for the horse lover, don't hesitate to get this.", 5.0
"Our granddaughters and their little friends enjoy playing this new interpretation of the old classic Monopoly. They both love horses and competition, so the game was an excellent choice", 4.0
"This game looks like tons of fun for my horsey daughter and granddaughters.. the only issue I have with the game and it's not the maker of the game or the game itself's fault.. is, I got this for my daughter for Christmas and the day after it's delivered.. she calls all excited that she found the "cutest game" for her barrel racing daughters.. Horseopoly!  yay!!!  The kids love it by the way  :", 4.0
"My 7 year old granddaughter loves this game.  Her mom rides horses so she is around the stables a great deal. They have been traveling a lot across the country and take the game with them on their travels.  Really happy to see the moving pieces are back in metal form.  A fun game that the whole family is enjoying", 1.0
"My baby girl absolutely loved this toy!  We gave it to her when she was 4 1/2 months old and she immediately figured out the spinner and pull-hammer.  My only complaint would be that now she is too old for the beginner side but gets frustrated with the advanced side.  But the on/off switch is a BIG plus in the age of all toys having lights and sounds and it hooks onto the siderail of the crib or sits on her legs very easily", 5.0
"I bought this toy originally to put in my daughter's pack n play, but realized that I can also use it in her play yard hanging on the side.  it is also great to use as a free standing toy and has two sides for multiple uses.  Overall, I love it and so does she.", 1.0
"This toy was one of my daughters favorites as a baby, and now our newest daughter (4 months) loves it too.  It grows with your child, keeping them entertained.  It can hang on the crib, or be placed on the ground.  Very good", 4.0
"We've received this toy as a gift from our friends and i liked the idea of 2 sides (is like having 2 new toys at once). But then, when we tried playing with it i didn't like several things:", 4.0
"1) side 1", 5.0
"- has a really hard to squeak thing,", 5.0
"- hard to pull hammer", 5.0
"- pretty far located smiley face so the baby playing with it as an activity table (not crib mounted) won't easily reach and press it", 5.0
"- smiley face could have more than 1 melody playing", 5.0
"It results in that side having only 3 things to play for the baby at 6-8 months: spinning flower, spinning ball and a mirror", 4.0
"2) side 2", 5.0
"- the most i don't like in this toy (both sides) is the music of those 4 musical instruments buttons. It sounds not like it's a baby toy but like it's some kind of tool to horrify the baby. We have pretty much musical toys and none of them has the music which is soooo unpleasant. My baby just looks at tose buttons as she looks at strangers she doesn't like.", 4.0
"- pop-up thing - could have a better holding door (opens easily) and prettier "animal" inside.", 4.0
"- the squeaky knob on this side is hard to push even for me.", 5.0
"To summarize i'll just say that as for me even 2 sides are not worth the money!", 5.0
"I don't like it at all", 5.0
"We received this toy from my son's grandmother when he was three months old and he seemed very interested in it even though some of the functions were out of his reach or a little too hard for him to use.  I was a little worried about the strap design from the beginning but thought I was just being overly anxious.  Wrong.  Several times I noticed the straps slipping.  I figured it was just because I had them in the lowest notch so I moved them up one.  He could only reach the very bottom toys that way but he still enjoyed it.  This seemed to help for awhile but then he realized there were other things on the back of the toy and got curious and started pulling the toy out toward him.  This was okay until he lifted up on it at the same time.  It came right off the straps and hit him in the head.  Thank goodness it hit the mattress first and then fell over on him so that it was an indirect hit because this toy is HEAVY.  It weighs close to 3 pounds with the batteries in it and is hard plastic and that is quite a lot to fall on baby's head.  I have emailed Tiny Love regarding the problem but also wanted to let other parents know that this is a good floor toy but don't rely on the hanging straps", 5.0
"There is some great activities on this toy, but there were problems on both sides. On the first side, the only way to get the face to light up and play music is to press hard, and hold the face for a second--what infant does that? Also the squeaky thing is hard for even me to press. My 8 month old liked the spinning flower though, if it is the only toy around.", 4.0
"On the older side there are much better activities. He is enjoying those more, but the pop-up feature won't work. It does not stay closed. If I do get it to close, just touch it and it pops up--you are supposed to learn to press the button. I found this toy in a local baby store after buying it, and 8 of 10 had the same problem. I haven't seen a better crib activity center, so we are still keeping it (mostly because I am not a returning type)", 5.0
"My 6 month old LOVES this toy!  We're only on side one, but it entertains her for a long time.  Only down side is it doesn't lay straight on the side of the crib unless you take the feet off.  But little bother for GREAT results!", 5.0
"I would not recommend this toy.  My 10 month old son was able to break off one of the 4 knobs on the bottom of the toy.  I found the piece clenched in his hand while he was asleep, we are very fortunate he didn't put it in his mouth. These knobs when broken off are a choking hazard.", 5.0
"Our 3 month old son loves this toy. He hits it real hard and looks at what he's done. It is a cause and effect toy. Would highly recommend it to others. It is lots of fun to play with it.", 1.0
"My son got this as a gift when he was 4 mths. He had absolutely no interest in it whatsoever.I was a little upset since I thought it was a neat toy. Boy oh!boy...now that he is older (18 mths) he is in utmost love with this toy!!!! He loves the music...and all. Both sides fascinate him equally! I would not recommend this toy for kids younger than 9 mths because some buttons are quite hard to operate... a good toy overall", 5.0
"This was the hit in my almost 3 year old son's Easter basket.  He loved it and didn't even care to check out what else he got once he had this.  He really is enjoying it and I have to admit, it really is cute", 1.0
"We got a slightly different version of this flashlight maybe a year ago.  The smoke on ours is smoother/less bumpy than the smoke on the one in the picture.", 5.0
"My son LOVES this Thomas and pushes him around quite frequently.  Unfortunately, he accidentally dropped Thomas a few months after getting him, and now the light doesn't work (the accompanying sound doesn't work either).  The wheels still set off a sound effect, but we couldn't figure out how to fix the short even when we took Thomas apart.", 4.0
"Still lots of fun, and maybe they've fixed that problem, but I did see that another reviewer mentioned the same thing happening", 5.0
"I bought two of these flashlights for my two Thomas fans for Christmas.  They are a HUGE success with the kids.  I only give them four stars rather than five since the train sounds tend to drive me up the wall", 5.0
"Bought this for two little two year old boys for Christmas.  They loved them.  Once they were opened they were not even interested in any other presents.  Great that it comes with batteries included - ready to go right out of the package.  Extremely easy to operate.  Great toy for the price", 5.0
"This Thomas flashlight is a HUGH hit with my favorite 2.5 yr old.  He loves the chug chug sounds and the ease of use of the flashlight makes this the toy that sits on his bedside table EVERY night.  Scarey dreams just disappear when Thomas lights up", 5.0
"We purchased this for our 11 month old son.  He is fascinated by the lights, sounds and loves to push it along as he crawls.  It is durable and well made; I have little doubt he will get several more years of play out of this toy", 1.0
"My 1 year old LOVES this toy.  It's both a train (with very realistic train sounds - not annoying) and the perfect flashlight.  Not too heavy.  Light turns on and off when you squeeze the handle.  It does not roll on its own though.  Another good feature is there is no off switch, so the very young cannot be frustrated by a toy that "doesn't work" (is turned off)", 5.0
"My son loves this toy so much!  It is not only a flashlight, he can also push it along the ground and it makes sounds and toots.  He loved it so much we got our nephew one", 4.0
"This is a great game addition for any family interested in horse or their care. My daughter loves to play this game and also loves to just go through the trivia cards to see if she can answer them. It is a great buy", 5.0
"One of my daughters received this as a gift and I couldn't wait to play it with her.  There are four categories of questions:  Breed, Riding, Horse Care, and Anatomy.  As players move across the board, they choose a question from any category.  As some of the reviewers said, some of the questions are extremely easy.  However - some are very challenging.  I say this as someone who has been riding for 35 yrs and who has owned horses.  For example, one question is "Mares come into season:  (a/ 21 days during spring and summer, b/21 days during fall and winter, c/41 days during summer and fall) (correct answer is "a").  An easier question:  True/false:  you must always wear a helmet with a chin strap when you are jumping a horse (true).  There are 200 questions in all; I seriously doubt anyone would find it entirely too easy or entirely too hard - there are a good mix of difficulty levels", 5.0
"My daughter is a horse fanatic!  She loves to play it!  I just hate being pulled in because I know nothing about horses", 5.0
"I highly recommend this game to anyone who has a true interest in learning more about horses", 5.0
"I havn't had that much of a chance to play this game but it is great. It is a trivia game for all horse lovers. you can play with up to four people. you have to answer enough questions of diffferent catagories such as care and riding to win", 5.0
"I enjoy playing with this game very much, some of the answers to the questions are FUNNY!!!  Navigate around a colorful game board with a miniature cardboard Breyer model, and answer questions along the way from four different categories.  For every category you correctly answer a question for, you get one of the four pieces of a first place ribbon.  The first player that collects the whole ribbon and gets back to the barn first is the winner!!  I reccomend this game to any horse lover", 5.0
"Any child who is into Naruto is going to love this item - parents may not understand it, but the kids do & they have a blast using both the gloves & their imaginations", 5.0
"This Naruto rapid attack gloves were purchased for my 2 boys, ages 8 and 11. They both love anything to do with Naruto. They fit my 8 year old but my 11 year old couldnt get them on. His wrists are to big to fit into them. Otherwise, they are a great toy and they have had fun with them", 5.0
"My 2-year-old daughter loves Dora and I wanted to get her a Dora doll for Christmas, but I didn't want yet another doll that talks or sings or needs batteries.  This Dora doll fits the bill perfectly: she's soft and a good size for small hands, and she has nice yarn hair and a cute little backpack.  No complications!  My little girl loves her, and is playing with her as I type, as a matter of fact.", 4.0
"After being commanded by my mother, my mother-in-law, my wife, and my daughter to get the best Dora doll there was available and to spare no expense, I went through a rigorous screening process and spent countless hours testing the various incarnations of Dora dolls for features such as safety, ease of washing, child appeal, actual resemblance to the cartoon character, ease of transportation, ease of identifying as the property of my daughter, etc. Underwriter laboratories is shamed by the rigor of my research.", 4.0
"I'm an anal retentive statistics nerd. I scored 40 dimensions on a five point scale and optimized the model, and determined that this Dora doll and no other is the best Dora doll available.", 1.0
"I did not test the metric "induces jealousy in other children" and "disrupts strangers and my own daily existence with constant interruptions from other parents and children who observe it and ask me where we got it" but if I did this would score a perfect five.", 4.0
"So, this is a daughter, wife, mother, and mother in law pleaser of a Dora doll, but you will constantly be asked where you go it as your child carries it in public, especially in London, Paris, Geneva, Monaco, the Maldives, and St. Bart's.", 5.0
"Please buy one and take a load off me", 5.0
"Dora is a Christmas gift for my daughter.  She loves Dora, and I am so excited to have found a small stuffed Dora that she can carry with her", 4.0
"My daughter received this doll for Christmas two years ago.  She loved it and it is still her favorate doll to sleep with every night", 1.0
"We LOVE our tea party game!  The real fabric tablecloth is a nice touch, and is creased deeply enough to be folded the same way when it is returned to the box.  The game pieces are sturdy enough for plenty of pretend play, and the box becomes a tea tray for the remaining teatime items.  Each plate, cup, sandwich, fruit, and dessert looks different from one another, so instead of skipping a turn when a child already has an item they may to trade it for a like item just to keep things interesting. The game lasts just long enough to stay fun.  An added bonus at our house is that it not only eschews licensed characters like Dora or Barbie-- it even has art by renowned children's book illustrator Lizzy Rockwell", 5.0
"This tea party game was the favorite Christmas present this year.  My daughter just turned 3 and loves this game.  We can not go through a day without playing it several times.  The table cloth is so cute and "girly".  The pieces are very durable and well coated to avoid damage from a small spill.  One time through the game, and my daughter had the rules down pat. (She still has some trouble with Chutes and Ladders and Candy Land etc., but picked this game up with no trouble at all.)  Another great perk of the game is that my 3 year old can set the game up and pick it up all by herself!", 5.0
"I would highly recommend this game for any young girl, especially if she is even slightly prissy.  It is so cute, even I couldn't wait to play", 5.0
"This prank gag is great to pull one over your friends. The only problem is, unless you or someone likes to get shocked, no one will actually pull it at all after their first experience. Unlike the Shock Pen, this gag shocks your whole forearm or as it seems", 5.0
"this is NOT shuch a relisic looking prank so not to many people will realy fall for it.If you want a gooooood prank get the shocking pen expire edition!!!", 5.0
"We have only had this for a few days.  My six year old who has needed occupational therapy for fine motor skills and has been diaognosed as hyperactive loves it.  I feel that it is good for building up the strength in his hands. I installed it in just a few minutes -- most of that time was spent looking for a limb of the right thickness and height in my yard.  The first limb I selected was way too thick and put the Twizzler too high.  Purchasers may want to take into account the thickness of the limbs they want to use as well as the height.  Overall, this is a really a fun activity for my son", 5.0
"My 5 year old loves this toy! It hangs from our tree and she gets it going in a circle and pulls up her feet and lets go! She goes round and round! My older 2 like it too, and all they have to do is throw it up and around the branch so it is closer to the branch, making it shorter for taller kids. When they are done, the unwrap it and it is ready for my 5 year old again", 5.0
"My son received the smartville ice cream shop for his first bday. he played with it all the time. We bought him the rest of the set for christmas. This is definitely his favorite toy. He is 15 months now and he plays with this set almost all day long. This is one of the best things I could have bought for him. He understands how it works by placing the characters on the round spots. I feel it will be a great teaching tool for when he is ready to learn the alphabet and his numbers", 5.0
"This toy seems okay, but my 13 month old son isn't that interested.  The music and sounds are also somewhat annoying", 5.0
"My husband and I purchased the voice changers to be Dick and Jane for Halloween.  We had so much fun with them.  We laughed and laughed at our voices.  The only thing I would say is the headband portion is pretty thin, so be careful not to break it", 1.0
"We bought this for our son for x-mas, he already has a voice changer that he plays with a lot, but it's one of those bull horn type things that you have to hold up, so we thought he'd like this.  It only changes the voice in 2 ways and then it's a matter of turning the tone up and down.  The headpiece for the microphone is designed to fit a very large adult and doesn't go down to a small enough size.  The one we got I think was a returned item refurbished, because upon opening the seal of the item had chips in it (not the top or bottom) and the voume control just spun, which made it difficult to turn on.  For a $16 dollar item, I'm not sure it's worth the return cost to return it and get a new one, it just isn't all that fun for a 6 year old, he prefers the old bull horn one we have", 5.0
"its great because you can study it and figure out how it works, whose lightsaber it is from the movies (in this case its a Qui-Gon Jinn blue) and fight with it because its durable, all sorts of stuff!! i LOVE it!", 4.0
"Toy Lightsaber Line (2005.)", 5.0
"INTRODUCTION:", 5.0
"Star Wars is the ultimate science fiction saga of all time - there's no debating it. Ever since 1977, the science fiction saga George Lucas created has captivated audiences all around the world. If there's one idea from the series that was truly unique, it was the Lightsaber - a beam of pure energy that could slice through anything - except for the blade of another Lightsaber. Many attempts have been made over the years to create the perfect replica of these legendary weapons, ranging from children's toys to high-quality replicas. One of the most abundant of the children's toys is the standard toy Lightsaber line. Read on to see how these non-powered replicas measure up.", 5.0
"OVERVIEW:", 5.0
"This line of toy Lightsabers was released around the same time as the Revenge Of The Sith film. They retail for approximately eight dollars each. Many different colors and styles are available, and more are likely to come. This is a line of children's toys, not high quality collectibles.", 5.0
"REVIEW:", 5.0
"As a big fan of Star Wars, I love to explore all different varieties of products from the series. Lightsabers are one of the coolest things to emerge from the Star Wars universe, and as such, it's one of the things toy companies have attempted on numerous occasions. These models won't really win any points for detail or flare (mostly due to a lack of light and sound) but for having your own little duels, these will work nicely. Keep reading for pros and cons.", 5.0
"THE GOOD:", 5.0
"-FOR PERSONAL LIGHTSABER DUELS, THIS IS THE MODEL TO OWN. Despite the lack of lights and sound, these things keep the experience authentic. The look and general feel are true to the universe, and since there's no sophisticated electronics, you don't have to worry about messing up the internal workings. So you can duel all you want with these things, and have no worries.", 1.0
"-CREATES THE FEEL OF A REAL LIGHTSABER NICELY IN MANY WAYS. The saber extends and retracts, plus it has a belt clip you can use to carry it in the retracted state. As such, it's quite portable and easy to carry around.", 2.0
"-EASY TO EXPAND AND RETRACT. The saber is easily expanded with the snap of your wrist and holding down the red sliding button. Once expanded, to retract it you just push down the expanded portions of the blade.", 5.0
"-STAYS EXPANDED WELL. Unlike many other "expanding sword" type toys on the market, this one was designed well for the expanded state. It actually takes some work to get it retracted, so it likely won't fail when you need it.", 4.0
"-CHEAP! These things are the least expensive Lightsaber replicas on the market, and as such, in the rare and unlikely event that you break one, you can easily afford and buy a replacement.", 4.0
"-QUITE DURABLE FOR THE PRICE. These things can take a lot of abuse and still work fine, despite the low price. As such, they're ideal for many Star Wars fans, young and old alike.", 5.0
"-SEVERAL DIFFERENT COLORS AVAILABLE. If it's a color of Lightsaber you've seen in a Star Wars movie, you can get it in this line.", 5.0
"THE BAD:", 4.0
"-NO LIGHTS OR SOUND. This is as much a pro as a con. Sure, you don't have to worry about damaging electronics, but without the lights, it's hardly a Lightsaber. I wish they had made an area where you could put in an optional pack for light and sound. That would have been a nice option.", 5.0
"-EVERY ONE IS PRETTY MUCH THE SAME. Essentially, every one of these toys has the exact same hilt and only the blade color differs. But then again, I wasn't expecting much variance, seeing how this is a cheap toy.", 5.0
"-SOMETIMES TOUGH TO RETRACT THE BLADE. Not a big deal, as I was worried more about the blade staying retracted. Still, it's a shame this isn't as easy as extending the blade.", 5.0
"-NOT MUCH OF A COLLECTOR'S PIECE. If you want a nice collector's piece in the form of a Lightsaber, get one of the Force FX sabers. The product I'm reviewing here is a toy, plain and simple.", 5.0
"OVERALL:", 5.0
"Overall this is an awesome Lightsaber. If you want to have duels with your friends, this would be the best product to do it with. Sure, it lacks light and sound, but it's durable enough that you won't be breaking it anytime soon or having it get ruined. Overall, despite the flaws, I recommend these.", 5.0
"EDITION NOTES:", 5.0
"This is one of the most beloved Star Wars toys out there today. It's likely that it's going to remain widely available for quite some time to come, as Star Wars fans young and old alike love Lightsabers, as well as cheap stuff.", 5.0
"I bought five of these for my own children and my nephews. They have had hours of fun "fighting evil." I would suggest keeping this toy strictly as an outdoor toy, as it is quite long when fully extended. Overall, my kids and nephews enjoy these and they have held up very well under some pretty rough play", 4.0
"This is a good buy to the money.  My son loves the way it flicks out and it is simple to operate.", 5.0
"I bought a lightsaber like this one right before the realease of episode 3. I also bought a electronic color changing one which i thought would be way cooler then the basic lightsaber. Putting it quite frankly i was terribly mistaken. Sure the electronic lightsaber has the sounds and changes color but u cant even see it in daylight. Plus the basic lightsaber is half the cost of a electronic lightsaber. My friends and i play in the woods every day with our lightsabers. To tell u the truth i traded the lightsaber that changes color for YUGIOH cards. the only bad thing is it is not very educational. it is however quite entertaining. I think the worst thing is if you drop a lightsaber the handle will probaly get scratched or if u use them regularly the blade may be dented. Overall very good by i suggest u buy more and wait until they make better electronic ones", 5.0
"I have no purchased one of these things yet, but my friends and I always goof around with them at stores. They are very strong and unlike the light ones, these go all the way in, come out with the push of a button and have a belt clip", 5.0
"This is a cool toy because you can put it on your belt, and the blade goes in fully. Though it doesn't have the sounds, and least the blade goes into the hilt", 4.0
"This Lightsaber is my favorite out of my 3.I also love the the black bottoms. It verey durable.I realy recomened this toy", 5.0
"This plush was much smaller and stiffer than i thought it would be being that it is a Gund. I also found it much cheaper at Toys R Us (after I purchased it, of course!) I'm not sure if I would purchase this again if I had to. My son does love it though, he takes it to bed with him", 5.0
"Order was received quickly.  However I did find it cheaper at a local store", 5.0
"Our son wants to take his cars and trains to bed with him and doesn't have any interest in stuffed animals.  This was a nice compromise we could all be happy with.  He has his train and we're not afraid he will hurt himself or choke on any parts at night.  Or play all night!", 5.0
"Perfect", 5.0
"The honey bee tree is cute and easy enough to put together. The only difficulty is that the tree is supposed to be turned for each play of the game. Its hard to turn and pieces sometimes drop through when turning", 5.0
"Ok, I don't understand the negative reviews for this game!  This is such a fun great game.  The little ones can play it because their isn't any reading involved.  Yes, an adult has to take 5 minutes to set up.  The leaves do not come out... I am not really comprehending what is being done wrong.  And yes the game is quick... you have bees being balanced on leaves... after the first 5 pulls the bees begin to slowly drop on people.  That is the purpose of the game afterall.  It is fun and a quick game unlike some tedious games like "Candy Land".  As a parent of 3 kiddies under 5... I am very happy when games are quick and fun", 4.0
"My three-year-old received this for Christmas & absolutely loves it.  It's actually pretty fun for an adult, too.  My only complaint would be that you have to turn the trunk of the tree to make the bees fall into each player's slot.  This is difficult to do (especially for a four-year-old) without causing more bees to fall accidentally.  We solved this by just turning the entire tree and each person keeps their bees throughout the game.  Other than this problem, though, it's constructed very well", 5.0
"Honey Bee Tree Game a wonderful game and lots of fun my 2year old plays it and she loves it hours of fun.", 1.0
"We love this game!  My 3 year old is excited to have his very own game that we all enjoy playing.  I agree with the previous reviewer:  stick a few branches all the way through at the beginning for support and then don't worry if the rest go through to the other side.  This way, the kids can help, too, and no one gets bored with set up.  All you need to do with the branches is create a nest, of sorts, for the bees to lie on.  Theoretically, the winner is the one with the fewest bees at the end.  In my house, though, the winner is the one with the most!  My kids love pulling a branch and having bees tumble out into their trays.  This has been a great fit into family game time at our house.", 1.0
"It took several tries before I realized the "trick" to setting this game up more quickly.  The branches enter one side of the hive and exit through a hole on the other side.  At first, I found it frustrating to get all of the leaves through the exit holes.  Then I realized that once you've inserted a dozen leaves or so, the rest don't have to exit.  Then can just be popped in quickly and find support on the properly inserted brances.", 1.0
"I didn't think the directions were as clear as they should have been.  I definitley fell prey to the "award winning" sticker on the box when I bought this game.", 4.0
"However, the more we play it, the more I see the educational value in it.  My 3 year old is simply thrilled to learn turn-taking as we try to make the bees fall out.  My 7 and 9 year olds are definitely more into the logic and competition of the game.", 5.0
"All told, once you've mastered the branch issue, it's really a fun game and worth the space on your family game shelves", 5.0
"It takes too long to set up (sticking all the leaves through the hive). By the time I'm done, the kids have lost interest. They had more fun just playing with the bees separately", 4.0
"My daughter enjoys this more than I expected her to.  We're hoping to finish it soon.", 5.0
"Order/shipping were hassle-free", 5.0
"My teenage neices LOVED it, even tho it seemed a toy for a much younger audience. It was quite beautiful and I considered ordering some for myself. I did have to order two for it to be big enough.", 5.0
"I am not the biggest fan of Bratz Babyz,but once I saw the three I thought they changed my mind,did it? NO! I got Forever Diamondz Sharidan she is gorgy!", 4.0
"A wonderful toy to take along with your little one since it packs itself into a suitcase by simply folding it up.  The only flaw is that there is no slots to keep the crayons in, so they fall out.  I am a child of the 70s and enjoyed Fashion Plates, so I was excited to see Disney put a Princess version out.  I still have my original Fashion Plates, and will have to dig them out soon because I know my daughter will really enjoy them.  This set features the Princess gang and you can change their outfits and color them in.  The original Fashion Plates gave you the option to rub patterns into the dresses, and unfortunately this set does not have that option.  We plan on using the pattern plates from the original set to decorate the Disney Princess ones.  All in all, great fun, and would make a nice gift for any Disney Princess fan", 5.0
"A game for 3-4 year olds that is actually AGE APPROPRIATE!  This neither insults a young child's intelligence nor is too difficult.  Anyone with a 3 year-old knows how tough it is finding a GAME s/he actually WANTS to play that teaches turn-taking, counting, and that losing is often only temporary (there are a LOT of position changes in the course of a game).  The game is 100% luck, so an older child will become bored quickly, but if you have a 3-5 year old, GET THIS!  As with ALL Gamewright games (I own 9 of them), they are simple (unlike Cranium stuff... gads- pieces everywhere!) and visually stimulating", 4.0
"Leaping Lizards is a wonderful and compact matching game from Gamewright Games, who make a whole line of inexpensive, educational and fun board and card games. Instead of a conventional playing board, the game is played on a long cord which has beads strung on it. The spaces between the beads are the playing spaces, and players race to get their little wooden lizard to the end.", 5.0
"Game play is relatively simple. Each player gets a set of "Creature Cards". Before every round, they pick one of their creature cards to be their match. Then the creature tiles (which are two-sided) and the lead lizard tile are shaken up in the provided cup and spilled out. If the lead lizard tile has a smiley face showing, the player whose lizard is furthest back in the line may move their lizard as many pieces forward as they have matched their creature card to the creature tiles. So if they chose a dragonfly as their creature card and three dragonflies are showing face up, they may move three spaces forward. If the lead lizard tile shows a sad face, the player whose lizard is at the front of the line must move their lizard back as many matches as they've made.", 5.0
"Matching skills are the only essential skill needed for the game, kids who are still too young to read can play this game easily. It's also completely a game of luck, which levels the playing field between different ages of children.", 5.0
"Because of this game's super-compact size, it makes for a great travel game. It'll work on airplanes or in back seats, and kids will have fun with it for hours. The illustrations are wonderful and the pieces are made with real materials. This is a great game", 5.0
"My daughter, now seven, is in an advanced reading class. I thnk part of that reason is we encourage her to read and a big part of that was her using the leappad. This was one of many "books" that has helped to fuel her joy of reading", 5.0
"This is a great leappad book. It has cards but they are only used for the last two pages. And as other reviewers have noted they are sturdy and there is a wild card for the off chance that you lose one. It is educational and interactive and fun for children. Any child that likes Stanley on TV or any child that enjoys animals should enjoy this leap pad book.", 5.0
"Unlike most of what Disney makes for the Leappad (lame adaptations of big screen hits, with barely any educational use or any story at all), this book is DENSE with information and cool games. Now every time I happen to mention something about an animal my children (3, 5) come with facts that leave me with my mouth open ("did you know that hippos can sleep under the water?" and so forth). I think it's the best leappad book we have", 1.0
"While my youngest son hasn't really watched Stanley that much, he loves animals.  We got this book for him for his 4th birthday and he has spent many, many hours playing with it.", 1.0
"My four-year old son loves this book.  He plays with his LeapPad constantly and is good at changing the books/cartridges by himself.  You only need the animal cards that come with the book for the last two pages; the rest of the book is typical LeapPad with games and music.  The cards are small and could be easily lost, but I found that if you just store them in a small ziploc bag, it's not a problem.  Also, the set comes with one WILD card that can replace any of the other cards, so if you lose an animal, just replace it with the WILD card when you need to.  Kids who love the show "Stanley" or who just like to learn about animals will love this LeapPad book", 4.0
"My 3 and 4 year olds will not play this game.  The graphics are really bad and the learning adventure is more of a video game than an educational game.  It is not very intuitive and my children are bright.  Buy Blues Clues instead!", 4.0
"I bought this for both my 6 yrs old daughter and my 7 yr old niece and they both love it.  It aides their creativity and individuality.  They learn about things like haikus and poetry, and my daughter loves to look back at pictures she let other people make and save.  She LOVES Junie B. Jones and this is added to her list of favorites", 5.0
"My 7 Year old daughter loves this game she loves all the activities she can do because we got this game she had to get the book version. Really good for teaching the kids how to use new words in there vocabular", 5.0
"My duaghter received this one for her 7th birthday, and REALLY loved it!  She wasn't a big Junie B. Jones fan, but she was encouraged to read the books AND her journal writing grades at school improved as well!", 1.0
"I HIGHLY recommend this for anyone with a Leapster and a little girl who is entering that "Diary" stage.", 4.0
"  My oldest one love this it as secrets that she can but in and it remember she plays games and word sreach and unsramble the words . It as a Journal where Junie B Junies and the player shares and it is a great learning tool for any age group even MOM", 4.0
"My grand kids love Leapster & Junie B Jones is my granddaughter's favorite-she has all the Junie B Jones books, I wish they would make some more Junie B Jones games!", 5.0
"I am very happy with this product as it opens both of my daughters imagination up!  And it is neat to see what the thought of the day will be.  I highly recommend this product to any little girl", 4.0
"My 7 year old son LOVES Junie B and LOVES this cartridge!  He enters in "secret" stuff about his life, draws pictures and plays word games.  This is a MUST for any Junie B. Jones fan, and you even get to hear her voice read some of her "private beeswax" info!  Too cute, and another great addition to our huge Junie B collection.  Bravo to Parks and Brunkus", 5.0
"My first grade daughter loves Junie B.  This cartridge has encouraged her to write in the journal and to create poems.  She loves that she can write anything in it and keep it secret with a password.  I would highly recommend this game", 5.0
"Bought this toy for my 2 year old girl. She absolutely loves it and play with it everyday. In the beginning, I had to help her putting the puzzles but now, she can do it on her own. Great learning toy", 4.0
"This microscope is very difficult to focus; my daughter (8 years old) is not able to use it by herself.  In addition, the view isn't very clear.  I wonder if it's possible to get a good result with any inexpensive microscope.  The up side of this product is that it comes with lots of fun accessories, including several pre-made slides that are interesting to view", 5.0
"We bought this for a Christmas gift for our son. What a colossal waste of money. He was so dissappointed that it was so hard to use (even with adult help). My husband had to re-solder wire connections before we could even use it once. We would have been better off to buy a strong magnifying glass and the prepared slides and looking at the slides that way. Actually finding and focusing on a slide image was almost impossible due to the cheapness of this product. It was his "big" present and turned out to be a dud. We'd return it, but that would blow Santa's cover", 5.0
"The microscope was everything I had hoped for except a faulty light. After contacting the vendor and explaining the problem, they sent a brand new microscope set. This is exceptional service and greatly appreciated", 5.0
"My 6 year old son received this for Christmas and was very excited.  The projection feature does not work well, but used as a basic microscope, it was just fine.  The light stopped working after only one hour, but E-Toys customer service was fantastic, and offered a full replacement immediately and at no expense to me.", 5.0
"This set comes with plenty of empty slides to make your own specimens, but it would be even better if it included more prepared slides (it only contains 5 prepared slides).   Overall, a good first microscope for the price", 5.0
"Cloe is a very cute doll, not as cute as the others, but cute. I got her on my birthday from my aunt. She has long golden blond hair about to her knees, with big blue eyes that SCREAM cute.", 5.0
"The outfit she comes in is an off-white tank top with a short denim jacket with "buttons" on it. Her skirt is a velvety, stretchy light pink material with a white "studded" belt over it. Her shoes are white with gold little heart and a pink "stone" in the middles.", 5.0
"Her second outfit is a long tunic top with swirls of cream, brown, pink, and green. She has blue jeans with little rips in the knees, and pink flats with silver decorations.", 5.0
"Thanks for reading", 4.0
"Girls love all versions of Bratz.  As a mom, I think Bratz dolls look too mature for their presumed ages.  The makeup is way over the top and their clothing can only compare to "ladies of the night".  The Babyz underware can only be described as thongs.", 4.0
"However, finally the Kidz version has improved upon that.  The makeup is still strong, but more acceptable.  The clothing is closer to what a kid would wear and the overall look is more innocent than other Bratz dolls.", 5.0
"If you've also found Bratz dolls to be objectionable (even though I still buy them), the Kidz version is much more acceptable and my 7 y.o. daughter seems to like these better than any other version.", 5.0
"in the past five years,i was more into barbie then bratz.i have all of her movies and have lots of barbie dolls.but when i saw this, i fell in love because she is cute.Cloe looks like barbie because of her hair and eye color.this doll is on my christmas list", 5.0
"SHE'S NOT AS PRETTY AS THE GROWN-UP CHLOE DOLLS IN MY OPINION BUT SHE'S STILL A VERY PRETTY DOLL. SHE HAS THE SAME BEAUTIFUL BLONDE HAIR & GORGEOUS BLUE EYES. AND HER CLOTHING IS FANTASTIC! SHE COMES WITH 2 COMPLETE OUTFITS. ONE WITH A FULL-LENGTH PAIR OF JEANS AND THE OTHER WITH A FULL-LENGTH SKIRT! NO SKIMPY CLOTHING HERE!!! GO MGA!!!!!! GREAT JOB ON THESE KIDZ DOLLS!!! 5 STARS!!!!", 5.0
"When I went into Toys R Us today merely to check for new Barbie clothes for my Pullip dolls, I had no intention of buying this lovely girl.", 5.0
"I skimmed through the Bratz section just to see what was there. My companion pointed out the Yasmin Kidz doll, and I thought she was very cute, but not my cup o' tea. I searched for a Cloe since she's my favourite- *Points to Cloe army* -and found her. I promptly fell in love.", 5.0
"Her hair is very pretty, it reminds me of Sun-kissed Cloe's hair, minus the braids. Her face is very cute, and I like her body proportions.", 5.0
"The clothes are well made, and she's the perfect size for carrying around. I cannot recommend her enough! If you like Cloe, you should defidentely get this girl.", 5.0
"-Taff", 5.0
"We gave this train set to our boys for Christmas.  It's now January 9 and I think they've played with it every day since Christmas.  I love that it doesn't have a lot of tiny, worthless trees and signs to get scattered around the house or lost.  Our 4 and 6 year olds can easily build a different track every day and they really like using the crane.  With 2 train engines and a truck that fits on the track all 3 of our boys can play without fighting.  Thank you!!", 4.0
"I bought this set to use with Thomas the Tank character engines and cars as it is compatible with them and the Thomas the Tank sets were so horribly expensive.  I have always found the Melissa & Doug toys to be of high quality and this is no exception.  The items in the set, that I looked at, didn't have any markings so a young child would not realize that it was not an authentic Thomas the Tank set.  Everything seems to work just fine with the Thomas the Tank engines and cars.  I highly recommend this as an alternative to the exorbitantly-priced Thomas the Tank sets", 5.0
"This set is wonderful and wonderfully priced too. We were going to buy the Thomas expansion set for $40 and when we saw this we bought it instead and got so much more! We use it with our Thomas and Brio trains and tracks and for a fraction of the price of the Thomas train sets you get a ton of tracks, trains and accessories.  Great deal! We are going to get the Melissa and Doug train table also. It's so much more reasonably priced than most other tables and even has a storage drawer that does not cost extra", 1.0
"I bought this set because my 5-year-old son has been begging for a Thomas the Train set and I cannot afford those prices! So I took a chance on this one, and I am THRILLED! The roundhouse is very high quality, almost identical to the Thomas the Train one which sells for $80. The set comes with lots of good quality wooden track (no splinters or sharp edges, and it all fits together fine), two bridges, a turntable, two cranes that are easy to operate, two trains, a truck, two people, trees, and signs.", 4.0
"Best of all, you can build the exact display shown on the box and still have leftover track! No disappointment!", 4.0
"My only complaint is that one of the little trains that came with it keeps losing a wheel. Not such a big deal for us, because we bought Thomas the Train engines to use instead (yes, they fit on the track just fine). This set is supposed to be compatible with Brio trains too, but we haven't tried those yet.", 4.0
"If you like Monopoly and Nintendo this is the perfect game for you! I got it in perfect condition and I gave it to my boyfriend for Valentine's Day... he loves it! Playing it has been a blast! Great addition to our Monopoly collection!", 4.0
"I bought this for my boyfriend for Valentine's Day because he's a huge Nintendo freak, and he absolutely loves it! I'm not a big Monopoly person but I'm actually curious to play through it. It was shipped and arrived very quickly, too.", 5.0
"I bought this monopoly for my husband, who loves video games. He adores it! The pieces and spaces are absolutely perfect for any gamer", 1.0
"As a Christmas present, Nintendo Monopoly was a big hit. It was a good variation on a classic game.  Any Nintendo lover would like it", 5.0
"This product was sent to my house sooner than I thought it would get here.  It was in PERFECT condition!  The Nintendo Monopoly game is REALLY cool!  My boyfriend is 22 years old and he LOVES it also!  EVERYTHING in the game pertains to Nintendo.  The board is really colorful and has all the Nintendo characters we all used to love!  I highly recommend Nintendo lovers getting this Monopoly game, because it makes Monopoly a whole lot more fun", 5.0
"i've been a monopoly fan since my childhood days and the game never gets old. with these new nintendo characters they make the game even more intresting. this monopoly game is a plush for all you nintendo fans. good job thinking of this on", 4.0
"Two classic games/companies brought together..you can't go wrong. If you like Monopoly and Nintendo, this seems like an obvious pairing. The cards are cute and clever. and as with any monopoly game, it always seems the games take forever, and we still haven't gotten through a full game. But I think the key is playing with 4 or more in order to make it go more quickly.", 4.0
"Awesome pewter pieces, images of all the classic characters on the board, and clever chance and community chest cards make this a must have for anyone who considers themselves a classic Nintendo fan", 4.0
"The toy box required relatively little assembly and it had clear directions.  It's a nice looking, roomy box.  The only reason that I didn't rate it 5 stars is because there is only one choice of finish.  I would have preferred a golden oak color, rather than the lighter one", 5.0
"I found this chest to be good quality, easy to assemble and very nice looking. The lid hinge is great, it works very well and my 19 month old has no trouble lifting the lid without injury", 5.0
"I spent several weeks researching the best toybox to purchase for my 18 month old son. We were looking for 1)Safety 2)Durability 3)Value and 4)A toy box that would be a nice piece of furniture that would compliment the room where it will be utilized, as well as, something that a child would not outgrow (like a plastic multi colored toy box). Overall, I am very pleased with this toybox. It assembled rather easily (about 1/2 hr). The piece has a nice finish and looks great in our Living Room. Although, it is NOT a solid hardwood throughout, it is made very well and assembles easily. It is plenty durable for any child and has TWO great SAFETY hinges for the top cover. The top cover is partially hollowed and is lighter than a solid hard-wood cover, BUT is is very sturdy and made very well. I would recommend this toybox to anyone. The price was a little on the higher side, but it is worth it when compared to other comprable toy chests. You do get what you pay for. This is a good value!", 5.0
"This is the best toy box.  It holds a huge amount of toys, and my 18 month old has no problems opening or closing it. It only took 20-30 minutes to put together.  I would definitly recommend it.", 5.0
"I haven't had any of the problems stated in the reviews I've read.  The lid is hollow plastic, so I don't recommend letting adults sit on it. I haven't seen any splintering or  stress of the wood from the -very- sturdy hinges. Holds a lot of toys. I want the rest of the mission collection.  I recommend this toy chest to anyone who has toys in thier living room and wants a piece that looks like furniture", 1.0
"This toy box as well of the rest of the mission set from Little Tike is excellant!! The quality is superperb. All pieces are solid wood not cheap veneers...the only exception is the hollow core toy box top WHICH MAKES SENSE!!! I would not want a solid oak toy box top of that size slamming on my 6 year old, 3 year old, or 1 year old's head. There is also a divot in the top edge of all sides so than fingers don't get pinched. The top still holds all three of my children with no problem, a combined weight of 120lbs. I am very happy as well with the table and chair set and and the storage cabinet. I plan to pass these on to my grandchildren, they are commercial quality.", 2.0
" Eri", 1.0
"Was looking for a nice sturdy, wooden toy chest to replace an overflowing toy basket and this was perfect. The quality of the wood is great, the design nice and simple, and the assembly wasn't bad at all. It took about an hour to do by myself while hubby was doing other things. The size is perfect for our house and the safety latch is a nice security measure. My 3 year old loves to rummage thru it for her toys and mommy loves the fact that the toys aren't cluttered everywhere. I highly recommend it", 5.0
"From the picture this looks like it's a solid wood toy chest.  Not so, the top is completely hollow and cannot support any significant weight.  The only solid wood pieces are the edges and cross beams.  Overall it's an OK piece of furniture for the price but don't be fooled by the picture, we were", 1.0
"I was looking for a way to organize my son's toys because he has to play in our living room as our home is rather small.  This definitely fits the bill.  It is easy to put together and holds quite a lot of toys well.  It goes well with our living room furniture and we're glad we bought it", 4.0
"When writing isn't enough, and you want to infuse some excitement into your words, try the Fart Pen. The Fart Pen will make your words explode upon the page with a yet unknown vigor. In all seriousness, the Fart Pen is great", 2.0
" we love this toy. we bought it to cheer up my son who broke his arm, and it certainly  has worked. for $3.50, we are STILL laughing days later. and it writes! my kids are writing their christmas cards with this pen and even my 3 yr old loves it. a perfect stocking stuffer. for kids of ALL ages. :", 4.0
"This is a fun game.  Better with four players.  We first played this on New Years Eve and had trouble finding the game because it was so popular and sold out everywhere.  Its easy to learn and fun for parties", 5.0
"I bought this game for my nephew and the entire family loved it.  They insisted that we buy another so more people could play.  The trouble is that I could not find another game on the store shelves after christmas, so I had to order online.  I highly recommend this game to everyone", 4.0
"I really expected more of this product when reading the description.", 1.0
"Within 15 minutes of use, the antennae fell off of one.  Upon examining it, I discovered that it was for decorative purposes only and had no useful purpose.  We also had a hard time getting it to function properly.", 2.0
"My granddaughter, who loves stuff like this, rarely plays with it.  She wanted a REAL walkie-talkie and this one performs like a "pretend" one.", 5.0
"Our daughters received these for a Christmas present.  They were not able to use them.  I read and re-read the manual without any help.  Don't buy these", 5.0
"I bought these walkie-talkies for my daughter.  Neither the text nor the walkie-talkie part works.  Save yourself the aggravation", 4.0
"I couldn't find this particular Bionicle anywhere before the holidays.  I was so happy to find it here.  It arrived in the original packaging.   My 7-year-old loved putting it together.  This is a nice addition to his growing Bionicle collection", 5.0
"sidorak is awesome! he`s the best bionicle set i have ever had!sometimes i keep him built. sometimes i do not. i really like his blazer hook thingy.if you are reading this,buy it for christmas.i hope you buy it", 4.0
"I have resisted buying these because they seemed so cheap...also the usual question we parents always ask ourselves..."What are they going to do with them?"", 5.0
"My son received his first bionicle from a friend on his ninth birthday...it was cleverly the "bow" on a birthday present. I now regret overlooking this wonderful line of "lego's" for so long! My boys love these! They have the best time building them and an even better time playing with them.", 5.0
"They are priced reasonably so you can always pick-up one as a treat during trips out "shopping".  If you encourage your children to "save-up" for some of their "wants", the cost of these is low enough that it doesn't take them months and months to realize their goal.", 4.0
"Please do not make the same mistake I made and misjudge these toys. You will be denying your child a great experience.", 5.0
"Although the manufacturer suggests ages 7 and up, I do not feel a child younger than 8 or 9 would be able to independently put this toy together. My 7 year old needs some help putting these together, but he loves to try all by himself.  That is the point of Lego's, to construct and play. The primary benefit, in my opinion, is the satisfaction of "doing it" yourself!", 5.0
"A definate A+ for our boys!", 5.0
"Rosemary", 5.0
"this is the most unpredictable toy.  One minute he is ready to use his blade to cut down Vakama the next second his legs give way.  pros and cons.  pros:  he is extreamly flexible like his rechorus queen roodaka so you can twist contort and spin him into odd angels.  His hand is verey good at holding roters.  cons:  His shins are very small and rather weak.  Also his shoeldersare rather bulkey", 5.0
"Three of us played this game--two parents and our 11-year-old. The first game took a long time because we didn't realize a key part of the game was getting to/from the ports. We spend all our time "out at sea".", 1.0
"But our 11-year-old still asked to play again two days later! The second game took about 20 minutes, was fast-paced and a lot more fun (but almost too short!). The third game took longer, and was still interesting. We waged battles and had a lot of fun with the games at each port stop. The clues and games were even fun and challenging for us adults.", 5.0
"There ARE some gray areas about the rules, which unfortunately is common in most new games these days. But we easily came up with guidelines along the way, and there wasn't anything that kept us from enjoying the game.", 2.0
"I'd also like to say that the setup and cleanup is a breeze--they actually designed the game box to hold all the pieces neatly once you put them away! This is another place where I think a lot of games today fall short", 5.0
"My family enjoyed the Pirates movies so much that we couldnt wait to get this game.  Once we started playing it we were very disappointed.  It has no excitement in it.  We thought it would have clips of the movies but but it doesnt.  It is just moving ships around a map and collecting cards as your treasure.  It takes a long time to do each turn since you have to put in your coordinates that your ship is on to see if you found any treasure.  We played it for 2 hours and still were no where near ending the game.  Be prepared for a long game if you buy this product", 1.0
"My daughter 13 ask for this for Christmas, and we have played it as a family -it is very entertaining for those who enjoy board game, the added twist of interaction with the DVD makes the game relate to the younger family members while those of us who are slightly techno challenged don't have to worry because it is very simple to operate - if the kids will allow you to that is. Of course you should really be a fan of Pirates or at least a Johnny Depp fan in order to get the most from this game", 1.0
"Yarrr!  This game be ship loads of fun!  Even me young daughter Grace (yes, named in part after Grace O'Malley) was able to sail the high seas.  Unfortuneatly, I was her first target and was relieved of the burden of me entire booty by the third turn.", 5.0
"We were rolling on the floor when one player was once again marrooned on Rum Runners island.  Players made pacts, not in the rules...nor disallowed, they are more like guidelines... and consipired to block those players about to win.", 1.0
"This game was fun from the time we left home port until we buried the booty.  I recommend this game to everyone...we had no issues with scene delay in the DVD and the island challenges you play ellicited cheers (and jeers) of "YARRRR!" from all of the pirates sailing the board.  The added dimension of fortune cards made it a risk to attack other ships, not to mentioned the black spot that lurks, even after you succesfully plundered a fellow pirates booty.  Great game with many dimensions", 5.0
"My dd did like this quite a bit, but at 4 she has grown out of it.  Still, it held up well and makes lots of cool sound", 4.0
"My little girl was One and half when I bought this sweet little house for her.  Little People are a great pretend toy and the house is great addition.  She is now almost 3 and still playing with this and all her little people daily.  Your little girl will love this toy and so will you.", 4.0
"First, I just love Little People toys!!  Fisher Price has made a great beginner dollhouse with this toy!  My daughter received it for her first birthday.  She loves to move the people and enjoys making sounds with the house.  She still plays with it occasionally at 18 months.", 5.0
"I definitely think this is a 1st dollhouse - it doesn't have many pieces and there aren't many rooms.  This is great for a 1-year old, but I purchased "My First Dollhouse" for my daughter for Christmas as a step up.  So, if you're looking for longevity, I'd look into the other dollhouses FP makes.  But, for younger children, I'm sure you won't be dissapointed with this one", 5.0
"The one they are advertising is not the one you will receive. The one shown has nine sounds and no fluffy the cat. The one you will receive has three sounds and includes fluffy the cat. There are two models, so it is confusing. I've ordered this twice already and each time I didn't receive the one being advertised. I don't know why they don't advertise it for what it is. The model you get sells for about $30.00. Amazon is selling that model too. Ihave no idea why they don't correct this. I've already fallen for it twice. You would think I would have learned the first time", 2.0
"My daughter received this dollhouse for her second birthday last March, and it was a big hit! 7 months later, I can tell you that she plays with it every day, and uses her little plastic dora figures to have parties in the house with the mommy and daddy and baby figures. She loves the sounds from the house, the computer, the toaster and the baby sounds. Our dollhouse has taken a lot of abuse, from being dropped multiple times, pushed off the table and such, and still looks great and works fine. What I like about it, is that unlike the overpriced and incomplete Dora dollhouse, all the parts come with this one, and fit neatly in the house, even when folded up. For the price, this is a durable, entertaining, educational and well made toy", 1.0
"I originally bought Urban Myth over the holidays, struck by what a promising concept for a game it promised to be.  How wrong I was.", 2.0
"For starters the box is deceiving; the age recommendation is 12 and over which couldn't be further for the truth.  This is definitely not a family game.  The box, with the cutesy picture and tame questions posed on the back are misleading to say the least.  At least 85% of the questions on our first go were fairly high in the morbidity/death factor (including one wince-inducing question about weather or not infant carcasses had been used as mob drug cartel.  Mercifully, it was a myth.)", 5.0
"I'm no prude, and would have had no problem with the topics had the game not made promises that the whole family could play.  From now on I'll certainly investigate the content before inviting the kids to come join us.", 1.0
"And, err- how can I put this?  The shape of the game pieces are... interesting.  Of course, I noticed this right away but just chalked it up to my dirty, dirty mind.  But as soon as the kids left the room for a moment, the somewhat conservative mother leaned into me and whispered "Is it just me, or do those game pieces look like male _________?"  So, yeah, this game gets a big thumbs down in the family friendly department.", 2.0
"That aside, I'm afraid I cannot recommend the game adult players as well. Urban Myth also fails as a board game... as far as we could ascertain the board only served one particular purpose and a fairly feeble one at that.  (The goal is actually collecting enough letter cards to either spell 'truth' or 'myth'.)  Otherwise, you just mindlessly navigate the board until someone collects enough cards based solely on the questions.  The board is almost entirely useless.", 4.0
"Finally, the game's worst crime is the missed educational opportunity.  When you play Trivial Pursuit and get a true or false question, the will give you the correct answer AND some additional information with said answer on the back of the card.  This game only dryly indicates the tale as 'truth' or 'myth' WITHOUT any further information, like WHY it's a myth or why it's a truth or how it all got started as an urban legend to begin with.", 1.0
"If there are no facts to back up either claim, then why should we to believe the answers?  I know there is only so much space on the back of a game card, but SOME information would have been nice.", 5.0
"What a waste.  Hopefully someone out there will take this great idea and turn it into the great game I know it could be.  Common boardgame idea guys! Do better.  Try harder.", 1.0
"This game is a lot of fun, but should be taken with a grain of salt.  Not all of the legends listed as true actually are.  Looks like the creators were taken in by some of the very urban legends that they are quizzing us on.  (...", 5.0
"My 2 yr old daughter loves it. And now can recognize all animals in the puzzle. I highly reccommend this produc", 5.0
"The bright colors and little knobs are perfect for beginner puzzle solvers.  The price is a great deal too", 5.0
"This wooden puzzle is very high quality and should last a life time. All three of my girls have loved this puzzle and it is still in wonderful condition!!!  The animals are cute and very colorful. The plastic pegs are safe since they are buried deep in the puzzle piece, and they help the very young enjoy this puzzle. I highly recommend this puzzle!!!!", 5.0
"This is a great puzzle and my son loves it!  He got when he was 18 months and has been able to work it from day one but still enjoys putting all the pieces in their place.  It's a great way to teach the different animal names", 5.0
"My daughter got a few of these Melissa & Doug peg puzzles for Christmas, she is now 16 months old and has mastered all of them by now so I keep buying new ones, I love that she loves to sit down and do them, It is so wonderful to sit and help her and watch her learn! I think these are wonderful! She gets so excited to play with her puzzles", 1.0
"I purchases this toy for my daughter last christmas, she has never even played with it once. I found out that she much more prefers woodboard puzzles that she can put together", 5.0
"I bought this for my 22 month old daughter and from the moment I unwrapped it she didn't stop playing with it for 3 days. The pictures underneath the pieces are great for learning to match the piece to the puzzle.  She also gets to learn what the animals are called. It's fun and a learning tool.  The board and pieces are very sturdy and the quality of pictures are great. This toy stays out of the toy box and she puts it together atleast once everyday. I highly recommend", 5.0
"My twin 2 year olds borrowed this puzzle from the library and loved it.  We have borrowed as many of the Lights Camera Interaction puzzles as possible.  It has helped with hand-eye coordination, as well as image recognition.  My only problem was with trying to remove ink from the puzzle.  We accidentally ruined the puzzle during cleaning, but this companies customer service was a huge help and took care of our replacement needs.  I can't say enough great things about this company or its products", 4.0
"All children love this---saying is a huge hit is an understatemen", 5.0
"My husband bought the reef fish for our hot tub and it was fun.  So, I purchased it for a friend who loves to fish and just got a hot tub. Instead, he put the fish in his koi pond as an experiment to see if the live fish would follow it. We thought the reef fish would just swim across the pond and run into the wall, but it is well balanced and swim in a nice circles around the pond.  At first, the reef fish swam a little too fast for the koi, but they were interested...especially after an hour or so had passed and the batteries started to run low, causing the reef fish pace to slow", 5.0
"These are a lot of fun, I bought them for my pool, even the pool people love them. I put them in the pool when friends come to swim. The only down side is theny do tend to end up in the skimmer and the batteries wear out pretty fast. I would recommend them for adults or kid", 5.0
"A friend and I bought this for the pool to display during the 4th of July.  The fish was by far the best of the various swim toys.", 5.0
"Everyone loved it and it looked real", 5.0
"The Rainbow Reef Fish swims great and is just a whole lot of fun for the kids to watch and play with.  Great pool toy", 5.0
"I bought this toy thinking the kids were going to have fun with it in the pool.  They did, but only for a very short time.  After the batteries died and we changed them to new ones it became a submarine.  It dropped to the bottom of the pool and never re surfaced.  Very frustrating", 2.0
" Hi I am 11 and I have a pool in my backyard and it was just a regular pool just to swim in and hardly do anything in it accept well..... just swim!!!! But then one day me, my mom, my dad, and my brother all went to toys r us for a intertube because the one that we had popped. And then the " Rainbow Reef Fish" cought my eye. Then I picked it up and asked my mom and dad if we could get it for the pool. They said yes we could but only if we payed for it with are own money which I happened to have my money with me in my pocket that day. So when we got home I got my bathing suit on and got the fish and I jumped right in the pool to play with it. I WAS SO EXCITED!!! This is a GREAT toy! And it is especially fun to go underwater with goggles and look at it swim from underneath the water. I highly reccomend this toy. And for the people who said that it stopped working. The just get a new one it could have been the fish. But it is worth the money", 5.0
"Very happy with the product and how it arrived in the time span it was suppose to. Will certainly do busy with this seller agai", 5.0
"i've found all of the cars by going to every toys r us, walmart, walgreens, kb toys i was near (NC, NY, NV) however i still have not seen chicks or the king", 5.0
"Just in case you wonder if it's another collection, it's the same metal cars as in the "normal" or regular edition. It's only from another country or provider (I guess). But they have the brilliant idea to develop more cars from the movie. Well, not more cars but more variant models. For example, they have this version of McQueen (as it looks in the last part of the movie). They have the first Mater (not the re-colored one from the bowling game) with the complete nose (you get that), Dirt mcqueen (like the one from one track game), Hudson hornet! yellow ramone.", 5.0
"I has uploaded the back cover of the box just for your entertainment. It has the whole catalog!", 5.0
"In Peru it costed me $9 each but they are so hard to get. As it happened here they just disappeared from the regular stores.", 5.0
"I bought it as a present for someone who never had one because her parents thought it was a waste of money when it first came out", 4.0
"This game was given to one of my sons when he turned 5.  It's been a big hit ever since.", 1.0
"The game is basically a no-reading-required version of Bingo.  The kids love it.  Even my 2 year old gets to play and doesn't need help.", 5.0
"All the kids, ages 2, 5, 5, and 8 like this.", 4.0
"The game is nice and sturdy, very well-made.  You won't be disappointed.", 2.0
"This would be a good gift because it's fun & there isn't a very good chance most kids already have it", 2.0
"I bought this for my 3-year old son and he thought it was cool for a few minutes but my 4-year old nephew really took to it and did not want to take it off. I do wish the cape was made out of something more cloth-like rather than PVC type material which is why this only got 4 stars", 5.0
"Overall, this is a cute little set to dress your child like Superman w/o spending lots of money.  It comes with a vinyl cape, Superman plastic chest emblem, and plastic chain to pull apart and pretend like you're the man of steel.  It will probably fit an average child up to about 6 or 7 years old.  The chest shield has velcro straps on the top and bottom that stretch around the child's arm/shoulder area - so if your child is particulary large, it may not be comfortable to wear this.  The vinyl cape attaches with velcro at the neck.  One of the velcro tabs fell off and the vinyl started to rip (underneath the tab area) the very first day my son wore this.  We took it back and exchanged it for another one.  Even though the cape doesn't seem extremely durable, I'd still recommend it as a fun accessory for any little Superman fan.  One more thing...  I think the cape and Superman shield would look better in RED instead of the reddish brown color they ended up using.  I'm not sure how many kids would care too much about the color though!", 4.0
"I was very pleased with my purchase and it was exactly the toy my Grandaughter was looking for, she has enjoyed it since Christmas and could not be happier. It has also taught her Spanish which I feel is very educational to her.", 2.0
"I got this doll for my 4 year old for Christmas. she wanted the Hispanic doll because she says it is "the cute one". I think it looks more babylike than the other two. She loves to play with her, especially feeding her food and her bottle. We haven't had an problems with her eating her food and you just need to slightly squeeze the bottle. We bought Pampers preemie diapers and they fit great and are much cheaper. Baby alive also fits into preemie clothes perfectly. I do have a few complaints though...the first time I wiped off her face the paint on her lips came off, her hair looks terrible unless you are far away b/c it is so thin, and she needs some more phrases to say (no she's not in trial mode). Overall, I think that this is definitely the most life like baby doll on the market right now and my daughter thinks she is the best toy ever.", 5.0
"I purchased baby alive for my six year old daughter.  She absolutely loves her.  This a great buy, but keep in mind she does require food, diapers, and clothes. The baby alive diapers are expensive, and are hard for my daughter to put on her so we buy preemie diapers from walmart.  The only complaint that I have is that the color on her lips does come off so we found a sharpie of similar color to put on them.  Other than that she is a great doll.  My daughter is very particular so I am happy that she likes her", 4.0
"I love this doll and so does my 2 year old and my 5 year old.  I couldn't get the 2nd one before Christmas and just got the Hispanic version, which I think it cuter (at least on the computer) than the Blonde Caucasion baby.  My daughters only speak spanish from Dora the Explorer, but this may help them - and my 2 year old doesn't care which language she is speaking, she seems to know what she wants!", 5.0
"Anyway - I would suggest this doll for anyone!  I EVEN LIKE PLAYING WITH HER!!  LOL :-) I do agree with the not enough diapers and too much food.  Right now we are just "Pretending" that she is eating, so we don't waste the diapers.", 4.0
"I'll give her an A++ her hair is thin, but her head is dark, so you can't tell.  Not sure what the blonde hair will be like", 5.0
"My biggest complaint with this doll is that her hair seems to be a little thin. This does not seem to bother my daughter who got her for her birthday yesterday, she loves her. She does speak english but it took my older daughter (12) to figure out exactly how long to hold the button in on the bracelet. I think the doll should come with more than two diapers, especially considering she comes with 3 packs of food. Overall, I'm satisfied because my kid is happy with her but would recommend anyone buying the doll to have plenty of diapers on hand", 5.0
"My daughter received this doll for her bday and absolutely loves it. It does speak both english and spanish you just have to hold down the button on the bracelet to switch the language.", 4.0
"The fact that I could order the game was a plus. The fact that it couldn't be shipped to me because I have an APO/FPO address made me mad. I had to send the game to my father, and then have him send it to me. I was trying to order the product as a gift for a friend. It was given to him a month later rather than on his birthday like I wanted to. I'm assuming the game was okay because I had to give it to him late. I don't understand why I can order some games through Amazon and get them, but not other games of the same kind. This needs to change.", 5.0
"This game asks questions about the Marvel Universe, mostly the recent trend in movies, but also some questions about the actual comic books and popular characters in various franchises.", 4.0
"The questions are relatively easy, but if you're playing with other people, this is part of the fun, as you race to see who can shout out the answer first. The DVD game modes are diverse and interesting, including clips, comic book covers, and other games based on either pictures or words (fill-in-the blank, scramble, etc.)", 4.0
"If you enjoy Scene It! (basically Trivial Pursuit with a DVD), then you'll like this game as well, as it is similar to other games in the franchise", 5.0
"My daughters love this game.  It is very cute, and they enjoy it.  We really like making the tractors tip over!  The only negative thing I have to say is the pieces are very small, and replacements are not available.", 5.0
"The game has weak content and strategy.  We played it twice but neither of us experienced any excitement.  The game is now shelved and I don't foresee it ever being played again.  Disappointed but somehow not surprised.", 5.0
"My 3yr old has watched Cars innumerable times. His favorite part of the movie is Frank chasing McQueen and Mater. This game is it!", 4.0
"The pieces are small but more detailed than I expected. Frank in particular is ok. The game itself is again better than I expected (I had very low expectations). You move around the board, tipping (collecting) tractors along the way. You roll a dice to see how far to go, one side of the dice causes Frank to wake up, move to another spot. And he'll chase you back to the start if you're in the way.", 5.0
"My 3yr old loves it. The there are numbers on the bottom of the tractors that you're supposed to add up. But thats too much work, we just count how many tractors there are, or just roll the dice and try to wake up Frank... or just play with the pieces", 4.0
"My six-year-old saved his money and spent it on this game. The movie tie-in lured him to the purchase. We've played the game a few times. I'm still not completely clear on the rules. The "points" assigned to the tractors are impossible to read - in fact my son, who wears eyeglasses, cannot even tell where they are. He prefers the old classics, Monopoly Jr., Sorry, Trouble, Mousetrap, and Scrabble Jr. to this game. Purchase one of those instead", 5.0
"My son is 5 years old and loves this game!  He loves making the silly sounds when he tips a tractor.  Also, it helps him with counting and how to keep score.  It's well made.  The numbers on the bottom of each tractor are a little hard to read.   It's somewhat eduacational and a lot of fun", 5.0
"I have a three and a half year old son and all he wanted for Christmas was the "mean tractor Frank". Frank happens to be the ONLY vehicle they did not make. This game has it!!! Out of the hundreds of presents he recieved over the last three days, the little Frank out of this game is his FAVORITE toy in the world. Oh and he also likes to play the game. The pieces are extremely tiny. But my 2 year old also does well with them.", 5.0
"I havent even seen the movie this is from, but this little guy is a fun figure! Very thin, but very posable, he's a great addition to a cubicle or anywhere.", 4.0
"I bought this unit for my [...]daughter, and I must say I really enjoy it.  It is well made, and has the common sense features needed for a [...], such as the encased cd-rom games, No scratches!!!  (now I only wish Disney would do the same with there movies so I wouldn't have to buy 4 copies of each movie!)  The unit comes with "Jumpin' Bean Island", and I bought Spongebob and the Disney Princesses, but I must say, the "Jumpin Bean island game is the best of the three.  It's educational approach is very, very good, covering math, reading, memory, etc.  Tow thumbs up from the Jay-man!", 5.0
"Perhaps I could have just bought some educational games to play on my PS2, but then what would I do?!?!", 5.0
"These replicas of a butterfly's life stage are a great assest in the classroom.  The students are able to closely examine the replicas and really understand each stage more clearly.  My son got a hold of these before I could bring them to my classroom.  He is 3 and he enjoyed looking at each piece.  Eventhough, he didn't understand all of the stages he knew about caterpillars and butterflies.  These would be great for a classroom and/or for a child who is interested in the world around him/her.", 5.0
"I'm a huge fan of LeapFrog toys.  But this one never clicked for my twins.  When they were younger it took to long to accomplish each turn and as they got older, it was just boring.   At every turn, the game tells kids what to do, then they find a letter card and put it in a special slot.  But there's just so much talking and singing going on, the kids get bored.  They want a game that moves quickly and this one doesn't do it", 4.0
"You know, I found this game to be quite annoying (there is a lot of singing in between each players turn)- but my 5 year old son loves it.   There is no dice, no spinner (so none of those pieces to lose :), but it tells you how many spaces to move.  So, one player with an easy question may get to move 8 spaces, while a player with a hard question only gets to move 3 spaces.  I guess that's a plus because you can't cheat (it even tells you which color you land on), but in the process, it makes the game rather simple.  My son would rather play by himself so that he doesn't lose.  The questions are not challenging for my son (he just turned 5 in May), so i guess it gives him a since of "Hey!  I'm smart, I know all of this stuff"", 4.0
"I bought this for my grand daughter's 4th birthday and was so disappointed at the look on her face when she opened it. "It's green!" with quite a pout.  So, you can imagine how thrilled I was when my daughter called me later to tell me that this is now her favorite game and she loves watching the video that is along the same line that I had given her at the same time.  Needless to say, it made me a happy grandma", 5.0
"We purchased this game for my just-turned 5-year-old. He loves to play both levels. His almost 4-year-old friend enjoys limited play, and a 2-year-old loves just looking at the cards, calling out the letters, and playing with the plastic figures.", 4.0
"A couple of the letter sounds are very similar, but it is teaching Alec to listen carefully and not get discouraged if he gets an answer wrong the first time.", 5.0
"It is also nice that there is no one "winner." Anyone who reaches the "winners" square is a winner.", 4.0
"My son sometimes just randomly calls out letters and the sounds they make. Very good for getting him ready for school in a few months", 4.0
"I am a big fan of the Letter Factory DVDs so when I saw this game, I was very excited. It did not disappoint!  It is a great game because you can play with just one person. So, you can have your child play it alone for fun learning or with you or with siblings/friends.  It has two different levels so the game grows with your child.  My only complaint is that the cards get messy on the board. They should have put little slots or something to hold them in place on each letter.  If your child needs a fun way to learn colors, letters, sounds, and counting ...this is the game for you!  (I recommend having them watch the DVD of Letter Factory Letters and/or Words before playing - same characters).", 1.0
"My son received this game for his 3rd birthday and he loves it.  He already knew some of his letters but not necesarily the sounds that go with each letter.  He has only had the game for a few weeks and has learned many more letters, more sounds, and songs that go with each letter.  I also have a 5year old that enjoys this game.  It is too easy for him, but reinforces what he is learning in school and is one of the few games that he enjoys playing with his brother that he doesn't think are "baby games".  Another thing that I like about this game is that it can be played with just one player.  I have set this up for him a few times on the kitchen table while I cook supper and he can play with just supervision", 5.0
"We got this game because our daughter became obsessed with her letters. At 2 yr old, she loves it, participates and it is easy enough for her to play at both levels. Professor Quigley does talk a lot so the game takes a while to play but it also helps us practice our patience and listening skills. Would highly recommend!!", 5.0
"My son (currently approaching 15 months) is totally obsessed with cars and trucks, and has been pretty much from the time he was old enough to hold a toy car in his hand.  Even car ads on TV drive him crazy with joy.  As a compulsive shopper, I buy him toy cars and trucks all the time.  :)  Out of all of his toys, this set may be his favorite.  He loves to zoom the cars across the floor (they roll very easily, even on the carpet) and also to take them apart and put them together.  It's a little hard to pull the first piece off when taking them apart, so his mom or I has to help him with that, but it's OK -- he can take the second piece off and put them back on just fine.  (We sometimes use his other Mega Bloks to put together big crazy vehicles using the parts from these three trucks -- it's hard to see from the picture, but each truck consists of two top pieces and a chassis piece, all of which connect up with any other Mega Bloks.)", 4.0
"By the same token, they are very sturdily put together.  He of course throws them and drops them on the floor sometimes, and because they are hard plastic, they make a very loud noise on the tile, but there hasn't been so much as a hairline crack.  I can see them lasting until he outgrows them.", 4.0
"The set does seem a little expensive for the amount of stuff you get (we actually bought it for much less at a discount store), but in hindsight, my son loves this toy so much and it's so sturdily built that it would have been worth the retail price.", 5.0
"We love this game.  My girls ages 8 and 6 and I play this game in the evening.  They have both been struggling in math, which is not uncommon in girls their ages.  We have tried to reduce the gender bias in math skills by providing materials that enhance math understanding in young children, unit blocks, sand and water play and cooking activities.  We just couldn't break through the wall.  Last Christmas I bought Dino Math Tracks along with other math related games.  This was the breakthrough we have needed. Both girls math skills and understanding of math concepts have improved by leaps and bounds", 5.0
"A great game for giving kids practice with place values. They love to play it because of the dinosaurs", 1.0
"I bought this to help my second grader enjoy math - which she was struggling with at homework time, not "getting" math concepts.  She immediately took to it from day one and said it "made math fun".  I like the three or even more different levels in which one can play the game.  To acclimate, we played the easiest way and then moved up to the next level by game two.  It is a fun game, and I was pleasantly surprised to see that the dinosaur theme appealed to my girl as well as it might a boy", 2.0
"She already knew how to add and subtract, but place value was a new concept for her.  Boy, she learned it immediately, the game was so much fun for her and add in the cards and you have more addition/subtraction practice in there as well!  ;)  She loves to play this game, I really like the concept and the bright colors.", 5.0
"I just love it when learning is fun for children!  That is how it should be, not dry or boring.  Your child will love this game.", 5.0
"My 5 year old who likes dinosaurs LOVES this game.  Basically its a racing game that teaches math. It has 3 different levels of learning/difficulty, so he will be able to play it for awhile!  It goes by quick enough that he doesn't loose interest.  Great game!", 5.0
"This game is great!  The tiny dinos spark my 5 year-old son's imagination and enable him to have so much fun that he does not realize he is learning.  Furthermore, he does not want to stop!!!  He learned place value up to the thousands during our first game. After each roll of the dice the player uses all four dice to make a number and then s/he reads the number aloud (i.e. if  you roll 6666 you say six thousand six hundred and sixty six).  As we move our dinos around the board T.R. looks forward to our pieces landing on the same track so that we can have a "Showdown".  In a "Showdown" you simply have to roll a dice and the person who gets the larger number wins.  However, we move our dinos to the middle of the board and have a miniature battle.  The player who rolled the larger number wins the battle.  The loser is sent back home and the winner gets to move ahead.  After playing the game a couple of times without using the cards - which is the simplest level of play with this game - my son asked to use the cards.  So on Day 2 we began using the cards.  Again he uses his imagination and does a great deal of role play as he carries out the instructions.  It fills my heart with delight to see his excitement and to see that he has truly learned how to read numbers up to the thousands. (T.R. learned to read when he was 4 so he independently reads the dice and reads the cards.)", 5.0
"As a parent I highly recommend Dino Math Tracks because kids quickly learn a lot while having loads of fun.  This game can be played at three levels, so it grows with your child", 5.0
"My child loves this game!  Each person has a single type of dinosaur in four different colors.  Each color represents one of the placement values; Ones, Tens, Hundreds, Thousands.  The dinosaurs, as determined by roll of four dice, have to walk their color-coordinated path from start to finish.  But look out! If an opponent lands on the same space, a die-rolling duel ensues, with the high-roller prevailing.  This basic game is a lot of fun for young children.  Then there are two decks of cards, one more advanced than the other, which enable the parameters of the game to expand with the child's developing math skills.  My child and I can play on even ground - a rare trait in today's games.  This comes highly recommended", 5.0
"This teaches both color and shape recognition, while being a fun toy in the bath. My son loves bath time, and any time I can make it fun and a learning time, it's a good thing.", 5.0
"I wanted to get my 20-month-old some fun but educational bath toys and found that the market is greatly lacking. I decided to order these hoping that they would be solid plastic and not hold water. I won't buy the squirt type toys anymore for my son because they are impossible to keep clean and have to be thrown away after a few months. Needless to say, these are squirt toys even though the description says nothing of it. I was willing to give the toys the benefit of the doubt because I really liked the shape matching features and my son is at the stage where he loves matching shapes, colors, etc. I took them out of the mesh bag, which is great to have for bath toys though they could have included a suction cup for hanging it up, and I realized that the plastic on some of the turtles is extremely flimsy. When my son tries to match the shells to the turtles, the body of the turtles just cave in and he can't get it on. Not all the turtles are this way, but most of them are. I regret wasting my money on these. What a rip off! Avoid at all costs!", 5.0
"If you're looking for a fun, open-ended yet affordable tub toy, try the tub stickers by Alex. There are a bunch of varieties, they are super easy to clean and come with a mesh bag with suction cups to hang up in your bath or shower to drip dry. My toddler LOVES them", 5.0
"We bought this game to use at a "carnival themed" birthday party.  It is very well made.  The graphics are very nice.  It was appealing to kids of all ages 2-14 (and some adults too)", 5.0
"My Grandson just turned 1 yr old. We got the tunnel out, he crawled right through it. Loved it, was not afraid at all.", 4.0
"We will be looking into connecting another tunnel to it the next chance we get", 4.0
"It's amazing how something so simple can spark excitement and enthusiasm in babies and toddlers.  A friend had this out at her 1-year-old's party and all of the kids loved playing in it and carrying it around as if it were a long train.  My 8.5 month old watched all the other kids crawling through and having so much fun that he crawled over and peered down the tunnel.  I thought he'd be too scared to go through, but since he seemed curious I decided to sit him up on one side while I ran to the other and spoke to him.  Instantly, he smiled at me and started crawling toward me through the tunnel.  He was laughing and seemed to enjoy the interesting view and sensation of going through the tunnel.  Since he's still working on his crawling and seemed to love the tunnel so much, I bought one from our local Toys R Us store and he loves playing with it!", 5.0
"What's great:", 5.0
"- Folds up to a compact ring for storage/travel - approximately 19" diameter (size of the tunnel) and 2-3 inches thick.", 5.0
"- See through windows allow for added fun/peek-a-boo", 5.0
"- Velcro tabs to connect to tents and other tunnels gives added flexibility to how it can be used", 4.0
"- Encourages crawling/floor time in babies - my little guy also likes to sit up and look around in it, or just lie around and rock in it (since it's free-standing).  Considering that he's just discovered standing and and can't seem to get enough of pulling himself up on everything, it's a good way to keep encouraging him to strengthen his crawling/sitting skills.", 4.0
"Durability:", 4.0
"- It seems relatively sturdy, and really "pops" open nicely.  Don't know how it will stand up in the long-term.", 5.0
"- Be careful with the velcro on the mesh windows - it can stick to the windows and snag it a bit.", 5.0
"- At my friend's party, I did notice that the older kids (3-4 years old) really wanted to jump on it and smush the walls - not a good idea in case there are kids still crawling through the tunnel and/or because the tunnel walls are not meant to withstand that kind of play, but from their point of view, I can see how tempting it may be to jump on it and see the tunnel pop back up.", 5.0
"My four year old daughter loves this tunnel.  She likes that she can look out the two windows also.  I love that you can fold it up into a 2" circle and put it away", 1.0
"I gave this to my nephew for his first birthday and he and my other nephew (4 years old) love it!  It was a huge hit and their favorite gift.  I like it because it gives them hours of play and it folds up and can easily be stored", 5.0
"Not exactly sure why the recommended age is over 3 years old. My son is 10 months old and as long as your child is playing with the tunnel under supervision there is no reason that they cannot use this product sooner. Love the fact that it slinks up so compact when not in use and for travel. My son will play peek-a-boo and then crawl through the tunnel to come get me on the other side. He can also sit up inside the tunnel without a problem being that he is still younger. He did get mad however, at the fact that he tried to stand up inside the tunnel and could not, guess we will have to get him the tent that attches. Which brings on another good point, this product can be fit to many other products for increased fun (tent, another tunnel, etc.). Leads itself to many options. Would recommend", 4.0
"My 15 month twins love this tunnel. They giggle and chase each other in it every day. Definately would recommend this toy", 5.0
"Our daughter loved playing in the box from her Toddler Carseat so we thought this would be something she could enjoy too...and not EAT like she started doing with the cardboard box! It was a winner! On her One year birthday we gave it to her and she crawled right thru it instantly! She giggled and squealed from end to end of the tunnel as we would "chase" her thru the opposite end. SO MUCH FUN for her and both her Dad and I!!!", 5.0
"We live in a townhouse, space is limited and having this tunnel that expands to 6 feet long is great for her to play with but quickly becomes a hassel to get around. It collapses and we store it in the closet but it becomes so flat you could put it nearly anywhere- behind the couch or under the bed.", 5.0
"Also, it has the velcrow on the ends so you can buy the other matching parts to make it larger, like the "House tent" or andother play tunnel. You can even buy the tunnel and house tent together, or separately like we did.", 5.0
"This is such a grand toy and VERY VERY well made! I love that it has the two screen windows sewn into each end you can look in/out and help ventilate it. I HIGHLY recommend this toy!!!", 5.0
"My daughter is 1yrs old and this is her absolutely favorite toy! She spends endless hours day in and day out in it. Her 7yr old Aunt plays with her in it everytime she comes over too. It folds up and expands with in seconds. It really is a MUST HAVE toy for any toddler!! We are even buying a second tunnel to attach them together for her 2nd birthday.  My advice: "Just buy it"", 5.0
"Not bad, but I had a slight problem with the mine staying closed. I had to bend a plastic pin to get it to stay locked. I paid $5.29w/ free shipping, inexpensive", 5.0
"If you want to expand your train set 5 cars at a time, this pack features Henrietta, who has been discontinued for a long time, and is now only available in this pack. If your child enjoys acting out the Thomas & Friends episodes, Henrietta is Toby's coach. Like Toby, she is old-fashioned and has seen better days. Not many passengers ride in her, but she doesn't mind. She's mainly only used for giving passengers tours of the Sodor farm.", 5.0
"If you missed Henrietta a long time ago, then this pack is a MUST HAVE! Don't forget, since Toby is included in this pack, he and Henrietta will make a great team", 5.0
"Wooden Thomas cars. Many discontinued cars in this pack. My son is a major Thomas fan and loves this set. A bargain as many of these cars sold individually would cost $12 plus each.", 5.0
"I received my train in a most timely fashion and I was very pleased with the item. It's constructed out of metal with very little moving parts which is ideal for little engineers. I was as I say again I was very please with my polar express train.", 4.0
"My boys love their trains!  I got two so they could each have their own.  They work well on Thomas the Tank Engine tracks", 5.0
"Found a battery operated Polar Express item on Amazon that I could not find locally anywhere.  Order was processed promptly and shipped promptly.  Solved one of my Christmas shopping problems", 5.0
"My grandson is a Polar Express Train expert.  He was very disappointed that the train didn't really look like the movie train.  He liked the whistle, but that was a very expensive whistle.", 5.0
"What a neat toy!  This has been the BEST addition to our train set for quite awhile.  My only complaint is that the coal car should be a little larger but other than that, this thing is nothing short of awesome.  My little one plays and plays with this thing and we've had it for over a year now.  It is clearly the favorite and I've now been told that I can get rid of all the other trains but we HAVE to keep the Polar Express.  This is made by Brio so it doesn't really have all the details the Thomas trains have but it's no less entertaining.  It doesn't use batteries that much - ours last at least a couple of months before wearing out.  It's just a very neat way to bring the movie to life in your own home and quite the treasure.  If you can find one (try ebay), grab it.  It certainly is worth every penny.  Great toy, highly recommend", 5.0
"My daughter (4) absolutely loves this train.  We've had it about a year, and I found her sleeping with it the other night.  The sounds are great, and she likes that it moves bacwards and forwards (although it needs help mastering steep hills).  My complaint is that ours sucks the life out of batteries EXTREMELY quickly...it doesn't seem normal.  I don't know if its just ours or if all of them work in the same way, but most of the time the batteries are dead and she just plays happily with it making her own noise.  If I had to do it over I would consider the one without batteries -- I really think she would have loved it just as much.  However, she is overjoyed when I put in fresh batteries and quickly wears them out again", 5.0
"As a big fan of the Thomas trains my little boy likes this engine even though it does not have a lot of detail. The fact that it has train noises, goes backwards and forwards and the lights work go along way! We went to the movie and have read the book. Now we have been sucked into buying the train. I love America", 5.0
"I bought this for my son as soon as he started pulling up to stand. At two and a half he still plays with it. My only complaint is one of the parts stopped working after a while. Other than that it's a great toy. I have even sent this as a gift", 5.0
"Excellent learning table .. bought this for my 1 year old grandson and he loves it..  Excellent !!", 5.0
"We received this as a gift for my first child (now almost 3 years old).  She loved it, my latest addition (9 mo) loves it, and I love it because there is a lot of things to do on it, it's shorter than the other standing toys we have (easier to pull up), it's sturdy when pulling up, and doesn't slip around when leaning against it like other standing toys we have.  After almost 3 years, it still works fine (and the 3 year old will still play with it when the baby does)", 4.0
"Wonderful toy!!  Lots of fun music and learning!!  Lots of fun activites also!!", 1.0
"We got this for our 11 month old and right away it was a hit.  It is very infant friendly, especially with the light up features to capture the attention.  Our daughter is a big fan of music and seems to enjoy the tunes on this product very much.  The bowl in the center works great to put stuff in, but she also likes to grip it like a steering wheel!  All in all, we are very satisfied with our purchase", 5.0
"My daughter loves it. The table helps her to stand up and she bounces to the music.", 5.0
"My son *loved* this toy!!!  He played with it so much that we will be hanging onto it for the next baby .  This and the Laugh and Learn Learning Home (still plays with that one at 16 months) are toys that he has gotten so much use out of.  I highly recommend this toy", 4.0
"I am 6 1/2 years old.  I like Pig Pile because I can play it with my whole family.  Pig Pile can be a little hard when you are learning how to play, but it is still fun.  I only had to play it twice to get the idea of how to play", 4.0
"Trust me, this is the BEST, Most FUN game. We bought it to play with our then-7 yr old.  We soon were playing it with our family and friends.  It is a favorite when we get together. You cannot go wrong buying this game", 5.0
"It's hard to find games that 16 to 18 year olds will play.  Pig Pile has become a household favorite.  One of my daughter's boyfriends won't play any other games with us unless we start with his favorite, Pig Pile.  I plan on buying one for him to take when he goes to college in the fall.  Though the pigs are only used for scoring, they provide entertainment by playing with poses while waiting your turn.  The description of play has already been explained by others so I won't go into detail.  Suffice it to say, it's great for all ages", 4.0
"This was a blast to play. We played with my neighbor's kids who are 6 and 8 and we all had a great time. I LOVE those little pigs", 1.0
"Pig Pile is a cross between War, Crazy Eights, and Uno.  The winner of each hand collects pigs as the game goes along.  The cards have funny drawings of pigs on them.  Be sure to play your &quot;Hog Wash&quot; card when available because the hand could go on for a while if you don't.  An overall fun game for any family", 5.0
"This game is so great as a way to get a group talking.  I love the huge selection of cards and the millions of ways people can play them.  I have played this game for hours at a time and loved the interaction and fun.  You will too", 4.0
"This is a game in which all ages can participate.  That is its greatest recommendation along with the fact that it is easy to learn and allows interaction between all the players", 2.0
"I am happy with the game and the condition that it arrived in and the timely manner in which it arrived.  It is a great game for a group of people.", 5.0
"Apples to Apples Crate Edition was a big hit. I gave it to my niece for Christmas and the entire family ( I was in Florida for Christmas ) said it was a big hit and fun to play", 1.0
"We first played with 12 people...lots of fun.", 5.0
"The second time with only 4 people it was not as much fun..the more people the more fun.", 5.0
"This game is a great game no matter your age. I am a college student; I have played with parents, friends, my younger siblings and more. It is so much fun, easy to explain and well worth it! I recommend it. The larger games' packs are good for larger parties b/c you go through the cards so fast. ENJOY!!", 1.0
"This was a real fun game.  Easy to learn for the whole family.  We even had our five year old intereseted and playing along.  The best thing about this game is the arbitrary nature of how the winning card is chosen.  It can be completly random.  Some of the cards laid down for a given question can be really wacky making for a fun and entertaining experience for young and old alike.  We litteraly had ages ranging from 5 to 76 playing one night and everyone was laughing and having fun.  The crate edition is made of very strudy wood which should ensure the game will be kept in good shape longer than in a cardboard box.  The game is worth every penney..", 4.0
"Fun for a family of four or more, and for a couples get together. I only read about this game in Amazon, and I kinda liked what I read, but believe me it is Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun. We started playing it, and it doesn't take much to learn. I love to win some of the rounds in this game, but I have to admit the fights with the judges are fun too. This never failed to amaze me. We played it over a dozen of time now, and we only had it since Christmas. Every game has it's moments. If you like party games this one is for you. If you like arguments this one is also for you. If you like to make jokes this one is for you too. Man you should see what some of these cards say!!! :", 5.0
"Apples to Apples is great fun! We have made multiple purchases of this game.  Playing it in groups of widely varying backgrounds can cause fits of laughter or incredulous, aghast looks.  We have played this game on 3 continents - N. America, Europe, and Asia.  Playing cross culturally and with people whose first language is not English, brings a new perspective.  For example, playing with a Japanese Diplomat and his wife we were taken aback by his playing the card "Bombing Pearl Harbor" for a match to "Fabulous".  Definitely different strokes for different folks!  A family in China had so much fun playing the game that we bought a game set and sent it to them.  Like I said - it is great fun", 5.0
"You deal the cards, show the green apple card, everybody turns in a red apple card, and hilarity ensues. Each hand inspires discussion and chuckles. I liked the variations suggested in the instructions, such as dealing all green (adjective) cards and finding the best match for a red (noun) card, or trying to find the least-fitting match, or just turning in a red card blindly before seeing what the green card says. The judge can determine how to play the hand, and my favorite part, the decision of the judge is completely arbitrary, meaning you can pick whichever card you like. It's easy, fun, and a game can be as long or short as you like. There is a lot of shuffling involved, since you will go through a lot of cards quickly, so have someone on hand who knows how to shuffle a deck of cards. Recommended", 5.0
"Some complain that many of the cars toys are overpriced---they are probably right, however, since I couldn't find all of the toys in the stores in my area, I am just happy that I was able to get them from Amazon.com. The huge smile on my son's face when he saw the DJ car was well worth the additional cost. Thanks Amazon! It's not Amazon's fault that the demand is greater than the supply right now", 2.0
"Both my 6 and 7 year olds love these Tamagotchi toys.  They enjoy having them connect and interact and I enjoy that it teaches them some responsibility for a future pet! :", 5.0
"This kitchen is very nice and also high quality.  It has everything the little one needs and keeps him busy for hours.  It is difficult to put together and took about two hours.  In my opinion it was well worth it.  I want to add that Mini Tots, the store outside of Amazon that was the supplier was good to work with.  A part arrived damaged and they sent a replacement with no hassle", 1.0
"This pool is very durable.  It lasted for 2 summer seasons and is still going strong.  By the time your child is about 2 years old, though, the pool will be a little small for them, so I recommend buying this pool for babies or toddlers.  A bigger pool is more suitable for someone 3 or older.  My daugter loves the inflatable rings that come with the pool and the detachable inflatable stars.  The clearance is low enough that she can step in and out of it all by herself without a problem", 1.0
"My husband and I bought this pool for our daughter when she turned one.  She has been using for the past year and loves it!  It is small, probably not really big enough for more than one toddler.  However, if you only have one child that is going to be using it, it's perfect.  I would highly recommend", 5.0
"My 9 month old granddaughter loves this pool.  It is the perfect size and has been a great way for her to cool off in the summer heat.  I can't believe that I found the perfect pool at such a low price.  It's worth every penny and more", 4.0
"We took the pool to the beach and our daughter Zoe played in it all day. It's the perfect size for babies 6mo", 5.0
"I was looking for something small, just so my 18 month could cool off with.  This is a SMALL pool but for the price its worth it.  He doesnt care for the ring toss or the dangling stars.  Actually he climbs in and out but it serves its purpose.  When its time to mow the grass its not to heavy to empty and hang over a chair until we are ready to use it again.  I always ask people, "would you buy it again if something happened to it"?, in this case I would for this season but next year my son will be to big for it", 4.0
"My son had a great time playing in this pool.  I bought this item when he was 7 months old, and now he's almost 11 months old and still enjoys playing with all of the inflatable extras that the pool comes with.  Every time he pelts one of the stars on the rainbow bar, the bells inside jingle--which he thinks is fabulous!  The side poles that hold the colorful rings squeak when you squeeze them, so he has a good time gripping them just to hear them deflate.  It's an overall safe toy that your child can enjoy as long as they are supervised, of course.  The only difficulty I had was inflating the pool itself.  Blowing it up would have taken forever, and using a bike pump would be a workout.  Just find one of your buddies with the industrial pump in their garage or take it to the local gas station and it will take less than a minute--it's way easier", 5.0
"My son is 9 months old and loves the pool whether we have water in it or not. We live in Oregon, so summer came pretty late. I blew it up and left it in the livingroom for him to play with at first. He loves the little stars with velcro and the little hoops. It's just the right size (not too small and not too big) for him", 4.0
"The Rainbow Baby Pool has been a wonderful helper to us this summer with our grandchld - 10 - 11 mths.  She loves the toys it came with and keeps her occupied when filled with warm water from the hose - only needs about an inch of water.  I give it a very high mark", 4.0
"When we aren't using this 'officially' as a pool outside, we keep it blown up and use it inside--makes for a great area to play and keep toys in.  Our son loves it", 4.0
"I bought this pool for an 18 month old. It is perfect! Not only does she love it, but as a caregiver, I love it, too! The whole thing inflates, so there are no sharp edges and no hard landings. The bottom is even inflated, which is great! This pool is worth the cost and then some! Even with shipping, it was a bargain!", 4.0
"(It may be best to make sure you have some kind of pump to inflate this thing.", 5.0
"Es un accesorio muy practico si tienes el videonow, por que lo puedes guardar, proteger y tiene un compartimiento para los discos.  Lo unico es que el mango deberia ser mas largo para que el nio lo pueda cruzar sobre su hombro y se le haga mas facil llevarlo de un lugar a otro", 5.0
"My 6 year old daughter absolutely loved this item!  She left all her other toys and played with this for 4 days straight!  She used it so much, I had to go back to the store and stock up on extra supplies.  I found that she was more creative and used her imagination a lot more than any other toy she has.  I'm a little leery of using the word "toy" in relation to the pottery wheel because it is more than that. Thank you for making such a great gift for kids.", 4.0
"We were so excited to get this for Christmas. We opened it up, put it together and low and behold it was pure and utter frustration for all of us. There isn't enough power to turn the wheel. The attachments don't work. The clay will not stay on the wheel. We finally gave up. We will be sending it back to the manufacturer with a letter. DO NOT BUY", 5.0
"My 11 month old daughter loves this toy.  I was having a problem with her trying to stand in the tub while I was giving her a bath.  Now she sits and bangs on her drum in the tub which gives me a chance to soap her up.  I also use the drum instead of a cup to rinse her off.", 1.0
"This has become a favorite bath toy in our house. :", 1.0
"At first my son would bat at it and knock it over. He didn't know what to do with it but enjoyed to watch the balls bounce around, now he's mastered pushing the top and loves it", 5.0
"This toy, is one of the main reasons my daughter puts up with tummy time. If she's on her tummy and starts to fuss, I can whip this out and punch the red button a few times and she's hooked. The only problem is, when she's sitting with it on the floor, she can't see the balls popping because they are down by her feet. It's a great tummy/table toy though.", 5.0
"My son loves this.  He likes to push the top and watch the balls jump around in there.  He laughs.  Very cute.", 5.0
"It made me think it was a normal DVD player, whne i got it in the mail, i was supprised to find it was very very small. I should have read the PVD but i just overlooked it and thought DVD. It might be goood, ut you also have to buy all the videos. Your better off just buying a DVD player that can be used with all DVDs instead of PVDs you buy just for this, when else are you going to use a PVD", 4.0
"I bought this last year for my son for Christmas. I didn't buy the PVD's  until some time later, because all of the age appropriate titles or the ones he would like were sold out everywhere. (He is now 7)Anyway, by the time I finally got him some PVD's, the system, although it had been unopened until that time, did not work. Occasionally I would hear sound, but I never saw a picture. I was very disappointed and since I had purchased it quite a while before we used it, I didn't bother trying to return it. I gave in and bought a Video Now FX player today, so I am hoping that we have better results with this one", 5.0
"this is a waste if you could watch the dvds it would be cool a waste of money", 2.0
"this item is pretty cheap when you buy it at target or any store with good prices, but it eventually adds up to more than it is worth.Each pvd is about $8.99, but only holds 30 min. at the most! I got this toy because hasbro.com made it look so cool, but it is not worth it. I use it every now and then but my dad doesn't spend a lot of money on me and there are limits. After buying a few pvds for the player, you could have had a dvd player. Dvds are about the same price sometimes lower if it is on sale, and the hold a lot more space. You can also make dvds on the computer! You can make pvds but they hold under 20 min. I am not saying this toy is horrible. If you have a child 8 or younger, video now xp might be a good way to go. The good thing about it is on the back of each pvd, there is a now point. If you get six or more nowpoints, you get a free pvd by mail!One good point about it is that there is a long waranty. My first one didn't work very well so I got a new one. Although on the box you see two kids watching their videonow in the car, it is not a good idea unless it is a warm day. Videonow xp is sensitive to the cold and could be damaged if left in the cold too lond. Think twice before you get it.", 4.0
"Es un juguete excelente, pero mi hijo de 3 1/2 aos de edad no le ha hecho mucho caso, todavia.  Pienso que en un tiempo mas el lo apreciara mejor.  Es divertido muy entretenido y tienes la opcion de usar los discos del videonow color, jr y b/w.  Por lo que hay mucha variedad", 5.0
"My kids really enjoy the vidoes but they tire of the SHORT episodes quickly. It costs A LOT OF ADDITIONAL MONEY to keep up w/ videos that interest them. We have about 12 pvds and the only "Interactive" feature are trivia quizes about the show. I thought there were games or something more interactive. Overall, I wish I had bought a portable DVD player. It would have been cheaper and more interesting for them", 5.0
"good thing I kept the original box... after only 2 uses, when I tried to lift up the screen I heard a click & a small part came flying off (I didn't drop it or mishandled it).. one of the parts that holds the screen is cracked & prevents it from opening the screen... I was able to exchanged it at TRU w/ no problem..", 5.0
"We purchased this for Christmas & it is a wonderful product.  We are now adding on & expanding our set.  The quality is what I had expected--amazing.  My kids (3 & 6) are able to change the tracks out themselves.  We did glue the bridge together w/ wood glue--that helped a lot.  We all love playing with the trains!", 5.0
"My 29-month grand kids (boy and girl twins) both love this wooden railway.  They play with it several times a day for 2 months now.  They like being able to build all sorts of railway shapes, and running the cars through them.  They particularly like it when the cars go over the bridge.", 5.0
"The set is also very easy to put away. The wood and construction appear to be of good quality", 5.0
"Purchased this train set, not knowing what it was (Christmas gift request).  Turns out my 3 year old grand son loves it!  He can move the train along the track and it is so easy to remove or add cars to the train.  We even purchased some  of the other train cars since purchasing this.   Thomas & Friends provide him lots of chugga chugga choo choo play time", 2.0
"My almost 2 1/2 year-old son is crazy for Thomas! This was his first train set and he loves it! The tracks are easy to connect for him. The only down side I would say is that the cars do tend to fall off the tracks somewhat easily. But he has no problem re-attaching the cars by their magnets and getting Thomas and friends going again. Great product, and a good price", 5.0
"This set is a perfect little starter set with Thomas and two "passenger cars"--as my 3 year old son calls them.  It's not so large that it takes up half the floor, and the little tunnel pleases him immensely.  We added a few more "passengers" cars, another engine, and our son has spent many a half-hour chugging away in a figure eight", 4.0
"Our child loves trains and really likes to watch Thomas on TV.  So he right away enjoyed this toy and what was better it is all made of hard wood so it will last much longer than most toys.  It should be advertised for older children perhaps 6-10 year olds but overall a good bang for the buck", 5.0
"My son loves Thomas and his Friends, so this was a great present for his third birthday!  After looking at various plastic Thomas train sets, we decided to invest in the Wooden Railway system.  It's similar to the wooden Brio trains I had growing up.  In fact, that Brio set is still in fine shape for my son to use when he visits my parents.  The Thomas set has an added bonus because my son knows the engines by name from the stories we've read to him.  Now he can have Thomas adventures of his own!", 4.0
"There is no shortage of trains and tracks to add to the Wooden Railway system, so if friends or grandparents ask what my son wants for Christmas, it's easy to tell them.", 4.0
"The set is generally well-made except that a few pieces of track fit together too tightly.  I should be able to solve that with a little sandpaper.  As stated on the box, the set is not for children 0-3 years old.  We've confiscated the few small pieces that our one-year-old can fit completely into her mouth, such as the base for the signal flag.  Also, Thomas isn't very fond of the one-year-old's teething habits as it tends to mess up his paint a little.  Aside from the small quibbles, we see the set as a great investment to build on over the years and even keep for the grandkids", 5.0
"My son got this set for his third birthday and he LOVES it. It's our first "real" Thomas train set (we have track from Ikea and from BJ's) and it *is* a lot nicer than the other brands. The wood track has railroad ties etched on it and the straight track flips over to reveal roadway.", 5.0
"My son loves Thomas and this set keeps him busy for hours. My son's favorite part is that Thomas can go under the bridge (on our cheaper tracks the bridges are much lower). He also loves to move the Conductor's gate up and down to keep Thomas from passing.", 4.0
"The trains and track in the Thomas Wooden Railway collection are durable and beautiful. My son also got the "Water Tower Steam Set" (an electric Thomas set) for his birthday but he chooses this one over that every time. It uses his imagination and keeps him involved and absorbed the way no other toy can", 5.0
"My 3 year old enjoyed playing with the Thomas & Friends wooden railway. He found his Christmas gift early and played with it non-stop the first day for 2 hours before bed. I'm buying the battery powered Thomas as his new Christmas gift. I recommend it highly for your young children", 5.0
"I bought this as a starter set for my son on his 4th birthday. He plays with it for hours and asks me everyday if I can buy him more engines to go with it!! This is just the beginning of our Thomas collection...I recommend this to anyone wanting to start their child out with something small, but enough to keep them busy with it until you can get more to add to it", 5.0
"My friend got Hoppers as a birthday present and we all played it.  It was really fun and it got more challenging as we went on.  What you do is: You pick a card and place the frogs on the pgs of what the picture shows on the card. Then you take one frog and jump it over one.  The one that it jumped over, take it off the peg.  The object it to have 1 frog remaining.  It is very educational because you have to think when you play it.  It is very durable because there is a pull out drawer under it that you store the frogs and the cards in.  It's a great game that you can play in the car, especially for long vacations.  Hoppers is hours of fun for everyone", 5.0
"Binary Arts really did a good job on this peg game. I owned Rush Hour, a other great game from Binary Arts, so I thought it would be just as fun as  Rush Hour but with Frogs instead of trucks and cars. It is simple to play  but gets harder as the game goes on. They give you 40 cards to play with.  Each card becomes harder and more challenging. To play you must move one  frog at a time. You must have only one frog left on the peg board to win a  game. This game is full of fun for the whole family! I recommand this game  to anyone who is looking for a rainy day game or just a fun game to play  with when the kids are bored", 5.0
"This is a great game, that my whole family, ages 6 to 65, enjoyed on Thanksgiving", 5.0
"At first Hoppers appears to be a very easy game but that is its charm.  The game gets progressively more difficult and very challenging.  Most of all this game is out right FUN!  I simply couldn't put it down.  I  originally bought it for my sons birthday but I had no idea how much I was  going to enjoy it too.  Two big thunmbs up", 5.0
"My daughter loves this Elmo, she carries it everywhere and sleeps with him. I would highly recommend this for any Elmo fan", 5.0
"After months of my friends son saying all he wanted for x-mas was a huge elmo doll. I seen this item claiming to be a "large" 25" doll i agreed on spending the 60 something dollars and get it. When he opened it my friend had said it was small and looked sick. All they did was extend his legs a few inches and his belly strunk. Needless to say i was highly disappointed and had to dish out 30 something more dollars for one that was alot bigger and cheaper. So if you think that your getting your moneys worth on this doll forget it. I suggest the "large elmo soft plush doll" by fisher price.", 5.0
"Bought two of these for my son and nephew for X-mas and they both loved them, also they were easy to use for both since they are both 4 years old. Great toy for the price and they will be put to good use by both kids", 5.0
"Bought this and the Mater toy for my kids at Christmas.  McQueen car is really really fast.  Mater sometimes runs pretty slow.  They are both on the same radio frequency which is not good because the kids really want to play with them at the same time.  Response time for the RC is really pretty good.  Otherwise the kids just love this toy", 5.0
"I purchased the "Tow-Mater" and "Lightning McQueen" for my seven year old grandson for Christmas.  I don't know who enjoyed it more, my grandson or my son-in-law!  The only problem we found that the control for the "Tow-Mater" would also control the "Lightning McQueen" car.  Which my son-in-law found amusing, but my grandson found frustrating, because Dad was controling his car too!  These cars are definitely fast action.  It might be hard for younger children to control the cars.  I will definitely add more of the "Cars" radio controlled vehicles to my grandson's,(& son-in-law's) collection", 4.0
"My 6 year old informed me shortly after opening this gift on Christmas morning that it was exactly what he had asked Santa for (thank goodness since he insisted on keeping his list a secret)!  We got his 3 year old brother the remote control Mator and the boys have thoroughly enjoyed both toys!  I thought this was especially interesting since they have other remote control trucks, but there is something about the characters from the Cars movie that really seems to capture their imagination", 5.0
"I only owned this for a few days and I'm having a blast with it.  Once you start playing, it's hard to put it down.  Easy to take to a friends place.  Great investment for countless hours of fun.  There is a slot on the back for a game key for extra puzzel games.  I was not able to find any place that sells it though.  Perhaps it's not out yet", 5.0
"This product is a lot of fun, easy to use and easy to hook up to your t.v.  I am very pleased with this product and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys Wheel of Fortune and would like to play it at home.  The game is very close to the actual game show on t", 5.0
"I got this with spare money for me and my brother and my older parents. I only played it a few times, but it was worth the money. Some rounds are fun and challenging while others are fun and easy. Usually the last round, the bonus round, is the easiest. It doesn't have to be 10+. My brother was 8 and he had no problem playing with it. It's lots of fun for the whole family, ages young and old. My aunt has it too, and because she's so obsessed with wheel of fortune, she wouldn't share it with us! So we took the advantage and bought it. Boy, have the TV plug in video game people made a great hit with this! It's truly one of a kind! I also like to be childish and constantly spin the wheel on the controller even when the game hasn't been turned on :)", 5.0
"But now, at this second, I am trying to get it on. It's not turning on...could this be the end of my game? Maybe...I might have to check the batteries. Ok? Now, I must be on my way..", 4.0
"Although I'm more hip to TV Games' 80s-era video game plug-&-play consoles-- and I possess just a casual interest in "Wheel of Fortune"-- I decided to give their P&P adaptation of the hit game show a whirl... or a spin, rather. Which is something I can actually do, thanks to the unit's built-in spinner that gets the virtual wheel of fortune rolling... a wheel complete with "Bankrupt", "Lose a Turn", as well as the usual Prize & Free Spin tokens and wedges.", 5.0
"The absence of Pat Sajak and Vannah White notwithstanding, TV Games' "Wheel of Fortune" unit is a surprisingly faithful adaptation the show, and is quite fun to play. From the three rounds of play to the final bonus round for the winner, with the buying of vowels in between, this is a lot closer to the real thing than that dopey home game the host used to palm off on the losers as consolation prizes way back when. And, just like the actual show, up to three people can play. Or you can try it out on your own, and see how many rounds you can get through before you finally run out of turns.", 1.0
"One great feature they included in this game: the entire alphabet displayed at the bottom of the screen, with vowels in yellow and consonants in white. Just move the letter cursor left or right with the directional pad, and click the "A" button to select a letter to try out. When a certain letter has been selected, it turns gray so that you don't make the mistake of choosing that same letter later on. Another great feature this possesses is the ability to post and store the top ten high scores for each type of game and difficulty level, as well as player profiles.", 4.0
"As for the puzzles themselves: according to the unit's display box, there are 720 different ones in all, in 35 different categories. Fortunately, in the couple dozen rounds I've played on each of the three difficulty levels (easy, medium, difficult), I've yet to get the same puzzle twice. Naturally, this limited capacity has made the "Wheel of Fortune" unit a natural fit as part of TV Games' GameKey-ready line of expandable plug-&-play video game consoles. Of course, if this doesn't sell all that well, they might not even bother to make a key for it. Then you'll be stuck having to solve the same 720 phrases over and over again...", 2.0
"`Lat", 1.0
"I have the whole set of this collection and who would've thought McFarlane would go with this particular concept. From the details as well as concepts as stated in the title. If you're into dispaying for the shelf for kicks as well as collecting this is it. Pretty much anything from McFarlane Toys is by far the best toy line for all ages.", 1.0
"I wrote this review because I did not think this game should be rated so low.  My son picks Cars to play everytime we get Vsmile out.  I like it because he is able to drive a car on the road with out the difficulty of bigger systems or arcade games.  He is learning while he is playing, too", 5.0
"This is a good game for kids to learn from but you must be willing to help them uderstand what they are to do", 1.0
"I donated these to my son's pre-school class and the kids love playing with them", 1.0
"The package arrived quickly and exactly as described.  Very pleased with this item and would higly recommend this vendor", 1.0
"My 7 year old son has had a lot of fun with this toy.  He has combined the small figures with other LEGO toys to create new games and sets.", 1.0
"Pros:  Many figures that can be used with other LEGO sets", 4.0
"Cons: Some of the figures are repeated or have small variations. You can play with it and have fun, but you will need to combine it with other LEGO's to really enjoy it.", 1.0
"Recommended", 5.0
"I sent this to my 4year old grandson, Aidan and he was just thrilled.", 5.0
"He was so excited after he recieved the Lego Community Workers Set that", 4.0
"dinner was not an option that evening.  Nothing could pull him away and", 5.0
"his Mommy, my daughter thought they were so cute.", 5.0
"My husband and I got this LEGO set for our 9 year old son, and he absolutely loves it.  He is a LEGO nut and had been specifically looking for a LEGO people set so he can interchange the outfits, hairs, etc. to build his own LEGO characters.  This set has pretty much every general "character" you can think of...from a pro-skateboarder to a firefighter.  This set is also great for kids who enjoy role-play because of the various characters offered in this set.  The only thing that caught us a bit off-guard was the size of the box.  Based on the price we paid (around $43) we thought the box would be bigger...although there are 200 something LEGO people pieces.  I guess we're just used to seeing a bigger LEGO box when we purchase a set for $40.  Regardless, we all have enjoyed playing with the LEGO people", 5.0
"TYPICAL LEGO SETS HAVE A FEW PIECES OF PEOPLE THAT CAN BE PUT TOGETHER, MY KIDS ALWAYS ARGUE OVER WHO GETS THEM.  WITH THIS SET THEY HAVE MORE THAN ENOUGH PEOPLE TO PUT THEM TOGETHER AND BUILD THEIR CITIES AND HAVE ADVENTURES", 4.0
"These Legos are a great addiction for any collection. The price may be to steep but you will have to dicide for yourself", 5.0
"My sons, ages 2 and 4 love the skates, especially the 4 year old. I really like that they can start at a beginner phase where the skates don't roll. It works best to start on carpet though, as tile floor can be slippery", 4.0
"I love this desk for only $[...]!   My son at 1.5 yrs old loves to read and color and we didn't have a small childrens table for him to sit down and do these kinds of activities (we live in a very small 2 bedroom apt in manhattan)  I took my chances on ordering this desk for him, hoping it would be comfortable (the right size/length for his body and legs)  We have had this desk now for 2 months and I receive so many compliments on it.  My son loves to sit in it and do all activites/reading and even eating his snacks on it  (crayon marks come right off with a simple wipe).!!  His little legs don't yet reach the ground, but the little blue cubby below has a little lip that allows his feet to rest just perfectly! (this is also how he gets up to sit on the seat all by himself ~by stepping on the blue cubby lip). It was very easy to put together as well.  The box came without the nuts and bolts by accident, but I called the company directly and they fed-ex'd the n/b the very next day!  Great company and great product!  I definitely give it the thumbs up", 5.0
"We love all Melissa and Doug products.  If you have children that love to write, draw, doodle or just stamp and be creative then this is a great toy.  It has stampers, colored pencils that come in a beautiful wooden storage box", 4.0
"My one year old grandson can easily play with this car. He really like the sounds and likes to see the car take off. He doesn't need help to set this car in motion", 5.0
"My little cousin enjoyed the police car.  Makes an appropriate amount of noise, was a good size for him to handle (3 years).  No sharp edges or worries in that area.", 5.0
"The Shake &Go Police Car racer is great - my almost 5 year old son loves it.   Good racing noises, and he has to use some kid energy to make it work.  Even though it requires batteries, it encourages him to use his muscles to charge up the racer.  About seven good shakes will get 5 full circuits on the race track.  Very engaging toy", 4.0
"These cars are so much fun! Just as the name says, you just shake it up and it goes. My son has several of these and they all have slightly different reactions. Some are faster than others.", 2.0
"They work best on a hard surface - Cement, hardwood floors, tile. They go pretty slow on carpet.", 5.0
"The cars are very durable. One of my son's favorite games is to launch them off the deck and see if he can get it to land on the grass below. If the weather isn't nice, he likes to send them racing down the stairs. So far, nothing has broken and its been over six months.", 4.0
"These cars are easy for my daughter (who is only two) to play with too. The kids love shaking with the cars and racing to see who's car goes the farthest.", 4.0
"I bought this for my 3-year-old daughter and she loves it. The box and the puzzle are made from solid wood, and the puzzles are easy to put together. There are 4 different puzzles in the box and a separate space for each of them. It's a really nice, sturdy product.", 2.0
"My kids love this!  Good toy for playing in the house or out, great price and the best part is that it folds up nicely to be stored out of the way.  I give it only four stars because the piping that gives it its form can be a bit of a stinger on the knees.", 5.0
"I ordered this item for my daughter's 1st birthday.  Having my older daughter play with one of these at 18months at other kids homes, I knew that we needed one of these at our house!  It's great, especially with the windows for the girls to see out and make sure mom or dad is still there.  If my house was big enough I'd order another one to connect to it as well. It's really great for any age child, as long as they're crawling", 4.0
"We bought this tunnel over a year ago for our then-crawling almost-one-year-old. I figured it would encourage her to crawl more, which it did--she loved it!", 4.0
"Now she's a running, screaming, jumping, independent 2 yo who still drags this tunnel out of the back corner of the play area (where I've tried to hide it) and squeals excitedly when we pop it out for her to play in.", 5.0
"Her older sister, who is now 3 1/2, also loves the tunnel. She copies her aunt's ideas and stands upright in the tunnel to pretend she's a monster, or hops with it around her and pretends to be a caterpillar or a frog.", 4.0
"We don't yet have any of the tent accessories, but we build our own tents with sofa cushions and sheets, then stick one end of the tunnel in a gap, and you have a secret entrance to a special hideaway.", 5.0
"This is one of those classic toys that children of all ages can find lots of uses for--it sparks creativity and imagination, and gives Mom a few minutes' break to go clean the kitchen. ;-)", 5.0
"My 19-month-old son gets a lot of enjoyment and exercise from this tunnel. It is very sturdy, and the color is bright and attractive. The mesh "windows" add to the fun of playing hide and seek while he is crawling through. I have also recently started rolling a large ball through the tunnel, with him retrieving it at the other end. It's quicky and easy to pack up, and it packs flat, so it's easy to store. I really recommend this item, especially for winter-time when the kids can't get outside to burn off energy so much. Enjoy", 1.0
"Tunnel is great for multiple kids cuz nobody is fighting over different parts. Entertains for a good long while. Folds up easily & small & stores out of sight. Very durable - we drag kids around the house in it - no tears", 5.0
"I ordered this tunnel for my three year old and she is very excited about it.  She loves playing in it. However, the main picture for the product shows two tunnels joined together, so I was expecting a longer tunnel than we got.  It still provides lots of fun, just wish it was as long as it looks in the picture", 1.0
"I have bought this tunnel for my three children. They seem to enjoy this toy very well. One bad thing about the toys is that it seems to be to small for all three to climb thru. This item is very durable and easy to fold and store away", 5.0
"I am using this tunnel for dog agility.  Now I know these are for kids but for all of us who need equipment for agility and get tired of paying hundreds of dollars, you start to look around at other solutions. This is a great durable tunnel.  You can connect them together to get a long, perhaps competition sized tunnel for agility.  Great price too. Would suggest weights just like any other tunnel to ensure it doesnt roll when the dog is in it or blow around too much.  So even though it is for kids, dogs love it too!!", 5.0
"I bought this doll for my soon to be 4 year old daughter, and she absolutely love her and take her to the shower every day, I manage to remove the head band so that she can wash and brush her head, the cushion is a little hard for her to put the doll in it, nothing that mommy can fix, my only wish is that the doll had a bit more hair since every time her hair is down you can see the scalp.", 5.0
"Excellent choice, overall a good doll for the price", 5.0
"I really wanted a baby doll my daughter (14 months)could take in the tub with her and brush/wash her hair, etc. This is ok. It serves it's purpose...somewhat. The dolls hair is up in a band which I thought could just be taken out but it is actually "sewn" into her hair/head. So she can't really wash or brush the dolls hair. The water seat it comes with is also too difficult for a child to put the doll into. Not worth the money in my opinion, I wish I would have spent the extra money and gotten her a Gotz Baby Bath Doll", 5.0
"This is a perfect size doll for our 16 month old daughter.  The dolls smells great too.", 5.0
"We bought this for our son (7), but the whole family (ages 5 to 80) have really had fun with it. It's movements are very "life like" for a robot, and the darts fly clear across the room. We have found a few glitches where it stops working exactly as it's suppose to, but turning it off and on has fixed those so far. Overall we'd recommend it - lots of fun", 5.0
"This is one of the most interesting and entertaining Remote Control items I have ever purchased.  I have what I call my "Grandfathers' Toy Chest", that I purchase the toys, or relatives purchase them for me, for inclusion in my Toy Chest.  (Of Course I play with all the toys before they co in the Chest to ensure their "FUN FACTOR".  This way when my grandchildren come to visit the love going into my Toy Chest and playing with the best toys for many years ago.", 5.0
"I have many of the "hot toys" furbies, R/C Plane, Helicopter and Boat as well as a R/C Dinosaur and many other toys in the Chest", 5.0
"This is a cool toy.  We got it for Christmas and had lots of fun with it.  The darts shoot amazinlgy far.  It is also easy to control unlike most remote control cars so even a 5 year old can make it go where he wants it to", 5.0
"Was on our 9 year old son's Christmas wish list. Unlike many of the toys that look great in ads, this thing actually is alot of fun. Battery life is good and it moves well. Only drawback is it's pretty noisy on hard floors", 4.0
"My son ONLY asked for this for Christmas, so I had to get it.  It doesn't do much -- he was bored with it within a few days.  It shoots the harmless "bullets" pretty far, but not easily aimed.  The pincher on our first one didn't work so we had to send it back for a replacement.  Pincher STILL isn't very strong & basically just pushes things around rather than carry them -- it doesn't "lift" objects, just grabs them & drags them around--and you have to hold a button continuously to hold the object.", 5.0
"And LOUD -- VERY LOUD -- the legs hit the floor VERY hard (though I haven't noticed any scratches on the floor).  We have a small house & you can hear the bug from one end to the other.  I would NOT buy this again. There are MUCH more interactive RC toys out there", 4.0
"I purchased this as a gift for my grandson's 6th birthday.  According to him it was the "best toy ever".  It moved well on hardwood and carpeted floors.  While it was exactly what a 6 year old would love, I found it to be very noisy.  Other than that, be prepared to precharge it.  I takes several hours for the first charge", 5.0
"My five-and-a-half year old daughter loves her GigaPet. It's easy enough for her to play, with a little help with reading some of the words and "shopping" at the virtual stores. It keeps her entertained for a while, while teaching her to read and/or recognize some words and phrases. It's cute, but not too high-maintenance, since you can't kill it, and can just bring it to the pet school to have all its needs taken care of", 5.0
"I got 5 different ones plus the tv thing for our kids. (Yes, I have six kids.) It's not even a week after xmas and none of them will play with it. To much work. You spent the better part of an hour digging for various items, money being the most important and  then have to take your money to the store to buy things,like FOOD, feed the pet just to have the pet still be hungry. What a pain the the behind!! Even the oldest won't do it!! And I'm an adult! We are taking ours back for a full refund", 4.0
"I got this game to play with 5 other people during spring break, and we definitely all had a good time playing it.  We split into two teams, guys vs. girls.  It wasn't stupid hard like the "Friends Scene it" version was. It was a little challenging, but we definitely knew a lot of answers.  Without a doubt a great party game.  If you've got a lot of people both guys and girls, you can't go wrong playing this!  This is my first board game review, but I give it 4 stars.", 4.0
"My kids love being read to by Teddy Ruxpen, this book is a continuation to the books that came with him.  My only complaint is that I feel the books are a little overpriced, but my kids really like them and get a lot of time out of them, they like to read them over and over again, so I guess it is a good value", 4.0
"i love animals and lps toys.  They are soooo fun.  I recomend this toy to everyone. You can slide them down the chute and run them on the hamster wheel then give them a drink of water from the water bottle or you can make a comfy bed with the wood chips.  They are so cool i have 15 and are getting more this saturday they are sooooo cool. :", 2.0
" I ASKED MY PARENTS IF I COULD GET A PET HAMSTER, BUT THEY SAID NO. I GOT THESE SO I COULD HAVE HAMSTERS AND POSSIBLY SEE WHAT IT IS LIKE TO HAVE A HAMSTER. I NAMED ALL OF THEM. BEFORE I DID ONE OF MY FRIENDS NAMED THEM. I BROUGHT THEM TO MIDDLE SCHOOL IN MY PURSE. THEY HAVE MAGNETS IN THEM SO THEY STUCK TO MY DESK. EVERYONE WAS ASKING ME FOR THEM. MY FRIENDS SAID THEY WANTED TO COLLECT THEM. THEIR HEADS DONT BOBBLE THAT MUCH, BUT THEY ARE SUPER CUTE. THEIR PLAYSET IS COOL AND IT ONLY COST $8 AT THE STORE. PLEASE GET THESE HAMSTERS. THEY ARE A MAJOR MUST HAVE!!!", 4.0
"I got this playset on Monday, and ever since I got this, I haven't put it down! This is almost as good as the playhouse!", 5.0
"This toy is very educational, because you can look after the little hamsters and you can feed them lots of food and make them a nice cozy warm bed, and you can let them have fun and slide down the slide! Or they can work out in the little spinning weel! They can do lots of activities before bedtime! This playset is LOADS of fun for boys and girls and collectors. Perfect for any hamster lovin' kid! So these hamsters are looking for a nice warm cozy and lovely home, and I bet I know where that is.....at your house and with you! I know I look after my little pets well, and I know how to look after animals, I watch lots of animal shows, and I especially know how to look after cats, I had a beautiful black and white cat called Mayhem, she caused mayhem! My mom had her when she was a kitten way before I was born, when I was little like, 5 or 6 she died. Now I have 2 cats, 1 is a boy and he's a black cat, and I have a girl, she's a tabby. I love cats, I love all animals. Enough about that, this playset is sooo cute, I know that tons of kids will love these little pets", 4.0
"        They are SO CUTE! I like everything about them! I really like how they come with the "wood chips" and how the water bottle bottle is almost all the way clear so it looks like there is "water" in the bottle. My real hamster recently died,"sigh", so I really liked gettling these because they are a good memory.", 5.0
"P.s. They are SO CUTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"I bought this for my nephews 2nd birthday and he loved it. He learned quickly how to change the song and start it over.  He dances and sings forever on his Wiggles mat.  Terrific gift for little ones with lots of energy!", 5.0
"This is a fun toy but not a dance mat as previously posted which was a bit of a disappointed as my little one loves to dance. Wish I would have read the reviews first", 5.0
"My daughter received this for her 2nd birthday.  I was unaware of the 4+ age disclaimer when we opened it, but I have no worries about it's safety.  My daughter LOVES it... every child, wiggles fan or not, who comes over LOVES it... I believe it IS Greg's voice singing... we have had no issues...  I will say that I wish they did entire songs, but the kids don't seem bothered by it, so why should I?  It's fabulous", 5.0
"This toy was given to my first son who was a wiggles fan.  It was passed on to his younger brother who is a big fan as well.  They both love it.  My one year old could care a less that the songs start over everytime he moves.  He just loves to hear them sing and is on it everytime you turn around.  I also don't think it is all that loud as other reviewers have said.  Overall, I think it is a great toy!", 4.0
"I would have to disagree with other posters I think it is Greg singing.. I also don't think it is that loud.. We Love it just the way it is. Well minus the ONE flaw..", 5.0
"If it is to be used as a "DANCE MAT" one would assume your child could dance on it.. NOT really the case unless you want to hear songs start over and over again or new ones startin everytime they move. Whenever they jump and hit the mat again the songs start over.. That to me is irritating.", 5.0
"We try to make a game out of it. We tell them which characted to "squish" and then they jump to the side and dance around it..", 5.0
"It is a GREAT Travel toy. We got ours as a Christmas gift Last Year and it has been to FL twice and to nana's house a few times too.. It folds up like a blanket and you can just shove it wherever and the cords (or whatever is making it work inside) never mess up.. My boys are always jumping on it and pressing the different characters and I have only changed the batteries ONCE. We have had it OVER A YEAR! So that too is impressive.", 5.0
"There's just nothing special about this toy.  We love  the Wiggles in this house - and this toy is OK - but it's better to just buy a CD with their songs on it and play it.  These songs keep starting over or switching when you step on a different picture, and it becomes very annoying.", 4.0
"But, I will add-  my 20 month old does seem to enjoy it.", 1.0
"My two year olds dont even like this toy.  They love the wiggles, they do point to the characters and say their names - but to PLAY on it.  Not possible.  The songs mumble jumble all over each other as the kids move on the matt.  Its a very loud speaker and even I cannot take it (Im very liberal w/ loud toys and banging, etc)  There is not an ounce of fun in this toy, im very disappointed as most of the other wiggles toys have been great.", 5.0
"Dont spend your money on this one.  OR keep your receipt handy.", 4.0
"Great overall toy! My kids love it!", 5.0
"This leappad excercise is really worth the price, since it hooks the kids right from the cover and later in content. With super hit movie already caught kids imagination, this leappad will not stress the kids and they keep revisiting the excecises and recollect the sequences from movie. I recommend it", 4.0
"I love Leap Pad, but there is a catch.  We've bought 3 pads (the first one broke almost immediately), and we've owned about 10 different books.  Of those 10, only 3 still work.  One got wet.  Several were placed in toy boxes or kicked under beds.  Once these books have been dropped a few times, or buried under toys, they cease to work correctly (if at all).  They ARE only cardboard, after all.", 5.0
"The children who will get the most benefit and fun from these toys are young - say kindergarten through 3rd grade.  Older kids are going to be less satisfied with the format, and will probably be happier working on an actual computer.  Leap pad is particularly great for long car trips, but make sure the little game cartridges don't go missing.  Also, the wire connecting the stylus to the pad can become caught when the pad is shut - and once that wire is ruined the pad is ruined too.", 5.0
"As I said, I think leap pad items are great.  They can help a child with reading, spelling, basic math - all in a fun and stress-free venue.  But these books are easily ruined by little ones.  Your best bet may be to keep the leap pad books and pad out of reach of the kids when you can't be there to supervise, so that you can oversee the care and handling of the books and pad.", 5.0
"Leap pad is a good value, but only if you can make it last a while", 4.0
"while this is a cute game, it is a little hard to get the pieces to snap together.", 5.0
"This is a wonderful toy for learning many beginning math concepts.  At first glance you don't realize how much learning these little gingerbread people can inspire.  There are a multitude of ways to sort and pattern with these.  I bought them for my 2 1/2 year old, but my 7 year old loves them just as much.  There is a short learning guide that comes with them with some great ideas for other activities.  I worked with my youngest for about 15 minutes with these and in that amount of time we sorted them about 4 different ways, counted different sets and patterned.  As a teacher and a mother, these should be in every child's playroom!  I even bought a set for my morning kdg. class", 5.0
"I got this for my two-year old, and she loves it...the colors are bright and the game itself encourages strategizing, and creativity in figuring out the different ways one can balance the blocks. Its great for family time too, and is heartening to see creative games like these instead of the usual tech toys", 5.0
"This game is easy to play and can be adapted for different ages.  It's fun to see 4 year olds strategize", 1.0
"Great for toddlers through young children.  My son loves animals so he really loves these blocks. Great non-electronic game for kids", 2.0
"My three and a half year old son loves this toy. Each time we play the game is different. He likes to find the correct elephants and stack them. He's learning how to build the tower so that it stays balanced. His eight year old sister enjoys the game as well. We purchased extras to give as gifts", 1.0
"A well-designed wooden box holds 4 puzzles for your toddler.  If he or she has a small fit and throws them in the air, never fear, they are coded on the back for categorizing the pieces by puzzle.  Made of good quality materials, and the pictures are great", 2.0
"I bought this for my 3-year-old. She loves it. It's solid wood and great quality. Makes a great gift.", 4.0
"This item looks ok, but the website was COMPLETELY misleading in saying that it ships within 24 hours.  I ordered this on Nov. 27th and did not receive it til Dec. 8th.  That's nearly 2 weeks.   It may not be worth ordering online even with the free shipping, better to fight the crowds at the stores", 5.0
"Terence is my two year old son's favorite train from the the Thomas books.  We bought him the wooden Terence from a local toy store, only to discover that his treads came off about thirty seconds after he came out of the box.  This was a real pain - I put the treads away and let my son use Terence like a regular train, which he didn't mind too much but it was a bit upsetting to pay ten dollars for a toy and then have it be poor in quality.", 5.0
"A few days later, we were at a different toy store and saw that Terence had been redesigned!  Unfortunately, the store we had bought him from doesn't do refunds, only exchanges.  I went home and called Learning Curve's 800 number, and a very nice customer service lady gave me an address and told me that they would replace my son's Terence with the new one.", 1.0
"I mailed him back, got the new one in a few weeks, and he's GREAT.  The treads don't come off, he rolls on plain table, track, and even the carpet wonderfully.  My son was very happy as he had wondered what happened to his old Terence.", 1.0
"Learning Curve has a lifetime garuntee on all their products so if you have the old Terence I reccommend giving them a call and they will let you exchange it for a new one (even if you bought it three years ago!)", 2.0
"Terrence is probably not made for the track - since he is a tractor and is meant to be used in fields, or for plowing snow.  That said, this little guy goes about everywhere in our house and we haven't had any trouble with the tire treads.  If your child is prone to pick at such things like mine is, just to see if he can get them off, then I suggest maybe advising otherwise.  My little one figured out how to get them off very quickly, but became aggravated that they were not on when he was "plowing the field."  So, I put them back on and well, they haven't come off since.", 5.0
"Some neat role playing occurs with Terrence.  He just opens new doors for working outside of the track and especially with all the new construction guys that have been introduced lately like Alfie and Jack.  Terrence has a lot of fun in our house and he comes highly recommended", 5.0
"I have the new designed model and the treads don't come off.  He is not a train and is not meant to run on the track, the road maybe, but more for "off-road".  My son likes him, just get the newly designed type", 5.0
"Well when we purchased this toy we had read the reviews here and expected the treads to come off all the time. Well, lo and behold our version of terence doesn't do this. They've redesigned him and the treads do not come off. He fits on the track but does not roll like the other trains. Pressure has to be applied and his wheels will turn but he can in no way roll down a hill on his own. You could cut the treads but the wheels don't appear to be the right size. Sometimes the treads get off their wheel grooves a bit and they seem like they may stretch out. Our son still loves "Terdence" but I would almost prefer having the old style so we could remove the treads and he would roll freely. Messes up the track too if it's not secure. The store had both versions I now know and may buy the other one. Difficult to make everyone happy I realize, Dad probably is more concerned about it than his son :", 5.0
"I purchased this for my 3 year old son and no sooner than we had taken him out of the box and ran it on the table the treads came off.  I am constantly looking for the treads, or fixing them.  All the other Thomas toys we have are great, but Terrance doesn't seem as durable as the others, thus making this toy in my opinion a flop", 4.0
"It's a great learning device/game for kids! But if you have the money buy the one that uses all of the cartridges/books or you'll spend a lot of money upgrading", 5.0
"We got this for our daughter's seventh birthday and she loves it and uses it all the time", 1.0
"I love this toy becuase it is very educational.  I never had problems with it at all. It definitly durable. I play with it all the tim", 5.0
"I bought this about a year or so ago for my daughter--she still "plays" with it regularly.  The quantum pad books are targeted for older kids but my younger children also enjoy playing with them.  My daughter has about 8 quantum books, and enjoys every single one of them.", 5.0
"My *main* concern was when I was deciding to purchase this or not was:", 5.0
"-durability (it's well made)", 5.0
"-diversity of books and contents (lots of books to choose from, it does take the regular leap pad books too.  Also, lots of different interesting facts on the books--not boring at all.)", 4.0
"-battery consumption (no problem there either--I've only had to change it once--maybe twice--in the past year)", 1.0
"After I bought this, I bought 'my first leappad' for my youngest...and he enjoys it so much.  Right now I'm searching for a good deal on the "Leappad plus writing" (possibly the one 'with microphone')--that's how much I like the leappad 'system'--the children get hours and hours of fun and learning.  The price is worth it, in my opinion... :0) --actually, you can even find my husband and/or me playing with this too :0)", 4.0
"--my only gripe with this system is the quantum pad bag (sold separately)--it doesn't hold a lot of books (it's made for 4 book and 4 cartridge)--but my daughter squeezed all 8 in hers :0)", 5.0
"The book is supposed to be great...so long as you can find accessories to it.  And that is a hassle--no books for kindergardeners to find anywhere [...] What was the point of spending [...] to purchase the station if there are no books to use it with?", 5.0
"I got this toy when I was in 3rd Grade. I played it like crazy during my summmer vacation. I came home and lost it. Then 2 years later I find it and I'm already in 5th grade.Its still fun,but I need to buy new books for it and in one year i'll lose it again and forget about and buy the time I find it I won't play with it any more. The Quantun Pad is a great toy,but dont lose it and buy it when your younger", 5.0
"This toy is not safe for other children, the batteries keep running out every time i play for 20 minutes how rude. That's why i don't play my leadpay no more cause mommy saids i'm to busy honey i can't go out and buy some sorry. Where ever I touch the leapad said something wrong and wrost of all I get something right it saids its wrong and once you play for like 5 days it bores you already.... stop selling this!!!!!!!! but its kind of fun once you learn something you never knew and it talk so this is not to boring. This should be in schools why no", 5.0
"I got this toy when I was 8 and now 3 years later I still love it the only thing bad about it is that they don't make books for older kids. the durability is great i've dropped it tons of times and it hasn't broke yet.this toy is great", 5.0
"My kids love this and just like the other reviewers said, they NEVER tire of it.  This is well worth the price", 1.0
"It's a very good geometric toy. No sharp edges. And you", 5.0
"can buy more cards at learningresources.com. I wish they were", 1.0
"available at Toys R Us", 5.0
"We received this toy for a gift for my 3-1/2 year old, and he loves it! He loves puzzles, and immediately figured out how to manipulate the pieces to fit the diagrams He never tires of it, although he'll occasionally get frustrated if the pieces slide out of place on the diagram. The pieces are very well made with no sharp edges. My only complaint is that it only comes with 4 patterns, and the cardboard "form" isn't very durable. Excellent choice overall, though", 4.0
"My husband is a huge horror film junkie.  I saw this item and decided to purchase it for my husband's birthday.  I have never ordered from Amazon, but decide to try it.  The item arrived today and it is better than I thought it would be.  I am very happy and will order from the seller many more times.  Thanks", 4.0
"This 18inch figure with theme song and breathing sound is awsome.This is great to my collection of toys.The mask was great it looked like from the movie,the one covered in blood was wrong beacuse michal is never covered in blood.If you love the movies than buy this toy!", 4.0
"I got this figure for Christmas! One of the best ones I got!", 5.0
"An awesome 18 inch figure that is well detailed.", 5.0
"The sensor that sounds the music off is great!", 1.0
"A must have", 1.0
"My Daughter loved it, she play's with it everyday and her friends also", 4.0
"have one and they can connect them. Its good clean fun for kids.", 5.0
"It's amazing how Bandai can create such fun toys! Hey there! If you want to buy a Tamagotchi v4, but yet, you aren't sure? GET IT! If you are a Tama - holic like me, you know what it's like to have a tamagotchi. A tamagotchi is like a portable almost lifelike keychain pet. You feed it, train it, punish it, clean up after it and exercise it. Long story short, you keep it alive :P. And now, with the new V4, you can even turn it in to school! The higher your training points are, the better character you can get. Breed tamagotchi with your friends, and have loads of other fun things. With Tamagotchi, you never know what's gonna happen next..", 5.0
"I love this littlest pet shop! It comes with a really cute Sheepdog with an adorable flower in it's fur, it has three magnets to hold on securely, and a REALLY big bed. The things that makes me mad is that it's head always tipps back, and it will only drink the bottle if it's in it's bed. Otherwise, i love it!", 4.0
"My 2 1/2 year old loves the original Winnie The Pooh movie.  This book is an abridged section of this movie.  My little boy can sit through each page, listen to the stories, and touch everything to make sure he does not miss any sounds.  He loves every page in the book.  He is not a fan of any of the books with Leap, except the story in the book that came with the Leap Pad.  If your child likes Pooh or the Pooh movie, then this book is a must", 5.0
"This one has a rather sad story where tigger gets into trouble with bouncing, ending up stuck in a tree with baby roo. The story ends with rabbit gloating over him and wanting him to stop bouncing for ever after tigger is rescued.  So, my 2 year old never wants to finish reading this story, its just too too sad! He likes the pooh bear story much better! Not too mqny activities and games either on each pag", 5.0
"Even Bob's many building talents could not deal with this problem.  We could not be more disappointed.  Like the previous reviews say, it falls apart constantly.  You cannot play with one area without having your child ask you to fix some other part that has just collapsed or doesn't fit properly.  This was a waste of money.  I expected better given that the actual character vehicles are a lot hardier and can withstand alot more play", 5.0
"This toy has inspired me to write my first review. If I could have rated this a "0" I would have done so. It's absolutely horrible. Learning Curve should be ashamed of the extrememly poor workmanship on this toy. What makes it all the more frustrating is that my grandson loves the concept and wants to play with the toy - but even at 5 years of age he is unable to manage all of the problems. For goodness sakes, Bob himself couldn't handle this project! Do yourself a favor and pass on this one. Also, as noted in an earlier review - the chainsaw deal has all the same problems so don't buy it either. Very disappointing", 5.0
"Plastic toolbox, falls apart real easily, can't even pick it up in one piece.", 5.0
"Son still likes to play with it though.", 5.0
"My 2-year-old received this for his birthday....what a huge disappointment to him.  Looks fun, but nothing stays together long enough to play with it.  One piece gets put on, another falls off.  I was going to return it but with so many loose pieces, we lost a few before being able to take it back. Manufacturers should not put junk like this out there, disappointing kids and taking people's money.", 5.0
" My youngest son is an avid Bob the Builder fan and that was the gift theme for him last Christmas. We bought this and the chainsaw set and they were both a waste of money. This particular set falls apart easily and folding it up to put away is near impossible. Nothing aligns properly and the spare pieces fall out the entire time your trying to wrestle it shut.", 5.0
" The die cast vehicles are too heavy to use with this toy and after attemping to play with it a few times, our kids gave up. The track snaps togther well, but that it the only part of this product that was useable", 5.0
"I wish there were reviews on this toy two month ago.  My son and his friends love this toys, but it is too easily break apart.  It is cheaply made, and definetily waste of my money", 5.0
"I just had to add my review!....I want to make sure people know this toy is a piece of junk.  Nothing about this stays together!  I'm annoyed with putting it all back together.  It will soon go to never never toyland.  This is probably one of the worst toys my kids have ever gotten.  My daughter is 4 and she can't even get the toy to stay together. It's just ridiculous!  Meanwhile, my poor 2yr old son just cries because he wants lofty to go over the bridge but the bridge won't even stay up!....gggggrrrr  Oh and finally i put one star only because zero was not an option", 5.0
"I agree with the complaints already written about the toy falling apart easily.  Also, the sounds are really annoying and they get set off very easily.  I was just about to make the batteries "die" when three of the screws became loose and we had to take the toy away until we could fix it.  We looked everywhere for a screwdriver w/ a triangle shape to tighten them back into place, but haven't been able to find one. Although my son has been asking frequently if the toolbox is fixed, he really has been having as much fun just using the diecast vehicles by themselves", 5.0
"This is a great product.  I love Melissa & Doug items.  They are made so well.  This was purchased for my 3 year old on her birthday.  She loves this and so does her 7 year old brother!  It was one of the items the kids at the party played with", 5.0
"For all ages.  We had so much fun with these over the holidays.  Everyone can play.", 5.0
"My 8 yr old son got this for Christmas and he played it non-stop!! We were looking for a fast paced game that his friends could play too. He is very smart and can play games designed for 12 yr olds and up but it is hard for his friends to play with him. This is great and can be played in the hour window of time my 2 yr old takes a nap", 5.0
"I bought my two year-old son all 5 of these for his birthday, but since he normally doesn't play with stuffed animals I wasn't sure he'd become too attached to them.  But he loves them!  He gathers them all up and gets upset if any are missing, since he knows them all by name.  They are so cute and very well made.  I definitely recommend them", 5.0
"I bought this little guy as an afterthought to another purchase and was surprised by the size, I'm guessing around 8" and the quality of the toy.  As a grandmother, I had not heard of the Backyardians, but my 4yr old grandaughter was thoroughly delighted and very familar with the whole colorful gang. A nice solid toy, well made", 4.0
"What can I say ... he's cute.  My son wanted the Dancing Pablo .. I felt he was to old for it .. so I gave him this one.  He's soft.", 5.0
"I bought 4 of them for our 2 year old daughter, because Tasha was not in stock. They are really beutiful, very well finished, nice colors, excellent quality and exactly the same with the ones on the TV. Our daughter loves them, she sleeps with the four of them every night. I would strongly recomend buying them if your kid likes the backyardignas TV show", 5.0
"Bought it for my boy when he was 2.5. Now, 3 year and one month. He know all the state names, capital and where exactly it is (other than the eastern state where they have 3 states together). Nice puzzle...definitely worth the mone", 4.0
"We bought this for our 5 yr old daughter, and she's taken it apart a million times.  She's learned all 50 states using this map puzzle.  Her 2 yr old brother would sit on the floor and watch her.  After about a month, he could put it together by himself.  Since he's speech impaired, we've used the pictures on the pcs as a way to get him to say various things.  He now identifying many items and his therapist is really happy that we've integrated this puzzle into his speech therapy", 5.0
"I purchased this as a Christmas present for great-grandchildren in Japan. They will be moving to the U.S. next year, and I hope this will help them learn about their new country. Their father is a U.S.Navy officer, and mother is Japanese. This looked sturdy and easy for small children to handle.", 2.0
"I bought these for my daughter and her cousins for Christmas this year. I was very impressed with the quality of these maps/puzzles, and the back side of the puzzle lists all the trivia and info for each state. Overall, a great way to learn states and capitals", 5.0
"My 79 year old father has dementia and is in a nursing home.  I bought this puzzle to help his memory and hand/eye co-ordination.  He and my mother traveled alot and when we work with the puzzle, he can remember some of the places that they visited.  He can recall many adventures and this helps keep his mind active.  Many of the other residents also enjoy talking about their travels.  Most of the pieces are large enough for them to handle and because they are made of wood, they don't bend or get lost.  Thank you.", 5.0
"I bought this for my nephew at 2 1/2 years of age.  Do you know that he could say the state of Texas, and recognize the little pieces like New York, Vermont, etc. just because of this puzzle.  It is very appealing to toddlers", 5.0
"This is a must have for any youngster (ages 5 or 6 to 8 or 9 in my opinion) who has any interest in puzzles. It is sturdy, simple to use and with very little efffort teaches the child the location and highlights of each state in our amazing country. It also allows the child to discover where relatives and friends are located in relation to their home state. As a former teacher, I feel it would be an asset to any primary classroom as well", 5.0
"I ordered this U.S. puzzle to keep at my house to use when my five grandchildren come over. We work on a few of the states each time they come. It's nice because under each piece is the capitol of the state so it can be used to learn those or just the state locations. I have found it quite useful, and the kids look forward to our little "game"", 5.0
"Great way to learn the states and capitals. I wish they made a world map puzzle like this", 5.0
"This is a great game, brings back memories, makes me want to get the 80's gam", 1.0
"For those of us who grew up in the coolest decade ever, this board game puts you in the TIME MACHINE and brings you back.  It is a game of knowledge and fun.  I think it is a must have for everyone", 2.0
"I used the cards to make a trivia contest for my 50th birthday.  For this purpose, the game was fine.", 5.0
"If you love the 70's you will love this game. I can not wait till the next time we play", 5.0
"you've got to get this game -- having spent the majority of my twenties living in the decade that brought us disco, this game really brought us back in time.  the questions were really challenging, interesting and the best thing about is that there are so many questions that i'm sure we'll enjoy this game for quite a while.  i would recommend this game to anyone who grew up in the 70's or anyone who is just plain nostalgic of this magicial decade.  now that i found it, i think it might be showing up under a few trees of my friends and family this season!  enjoy", 1.0
"I had some old high school friends over for dinner and wine.  I had found the 70's game the week before and thought it would be a perfect after dinner activity.  We all loved it and were surprised at how much we could remember!!!  We've decided to have our next dinner party be a 70's theme and dress accordingly and play the game again", 4.0
"If you like trivia games and you are a fan of the 70's, this game is pure genius!  Since I suck at pop culture, this game made me feel incredibly stoopid--but even total morons like me can totally enjoy the game.  The best is the music category--the questions will have you singing the tunes all night long... Get it done--whatever it takes", 5.0
"I can't think of a better toy. There are a gazillion ways to use this toy, from pre-walking through kindergarten. It's a set of blocks, a bead maze, a walker, a pretend lawn mower, a pretend shopping cart, a pretend car, a pretend doll stroller, a step-stool, a storage chest....  And it has wheels and lids, which are the best inventions on earth as far as our 15-mo is concerned.", 5.0
"If you have hardwood floors, I recommend a quick fix to slow the cart down for pre-walkers...  With our hardwood floors, this Walker rolled too fast for our pre-walker to control.  So, I super-glued foam-rubber KidKushions** onto the corners of the back edge.  The KidKushions (sold as babyproofing supplies) drag along the floor just enough to slow the cart down.", 5.0
"[...]", 4.0
"Now that our guy is walking pretty well, he still loves this toy.  I recently used some bicycle-chain lubricant on the wheels so that they would stop squeaking so much.  However, I'm not sure I'd recommend doing that if you still have a pre-walker.  The wheel friction also helped to slow the cart down a bit", 5.0
"We bought this walker for our daughter's first birthday and she absolutely loves it. She plays with it all the time and is really proud of herself for learning to walk with it. She just beams when she is using it.", 4.0
"The solid wood construction makes it very durable. Its tip-proof design makes it safe too. My daughter can pull to a standing without the walker falling over. She even climbs on the front of it and it still does not tip.", 5.0
"Did I mention how cute it is too? Reminds me of those good old fashion wood toys but kicked up a notch. Can't say enough good things about this walker. One of the best toy purchases we have made yet.", 5.0
"This is a wonderful toy.  We bought it for our 8 month old who was starting to pull herself up on everything.  She loves it and plays with it everyday.  It's very well made and is good and sturdy.  The only thing I would say negatively is that on hardwood floors it moves quickly so you need to make sure that you're always right by your little one when they decide to take it for a spin.  I'm sure once she's fully able to walk that this won't be an issue but for now it's a slight concern.  Other than that I would highly recommend this product", 5.0
"This is a quality toy that is well made and veristile.  My 8 month old loves to use it to climb on, open and close the doors, and stand up.  I can see how this will be a much loved toy in a month, year, years!!", 5.0
"It is much sturdier and much better than I could imagine with plenty of blocks", 5.0
"This toy was one of the cutest and best put together toy we have ever gotten for our children.  There are rubber grips so the toy cannot be pulled back on to the child when walking behind it.  The blocks are solid and very well made", 4.0
"I bought this for my daughter when she was 7 months old.  She is now 4.  She and her younger sister still play with this often.  I have a toy chest full of many toys.  This is the only toy that I have purchased that has been used for so long and so often.  It's great!!", 5.0
"There are 3 types of blocks.  Some that are fabric that are best for the 6-18 month age group.  There are rubber like blocks that are best fro 9-24 months.  Then there are the wooden blocks with lots of pictures.  My kids still stack the blocks and view the pictures on the wooden blocks.  My 4 year old loves to build stuff with the wooden blocks.", 5.0
"The walker/cart was used as a walker and now is used as a stepping stool.", 5.0
"I recently purchased this for my nephew who is 12 months old and he loves it.  His parents doubted that there would be another toy he receives that will be used as much as this Block Walker.", 4.0
"This is an A+++++ toy!  If I could only buy one toy for my kids it would be this Around the Block Walker", 4.0
"We bought this toy for our daughter for her first birthday. She absolutely loves it! It helped teach her to walk and I love that it doesn't tip over like the plastic walkers do. We have so much fun with the blocks as well. This is a really great purchase", 5.0
"I own both decks. As a collector the stucure decks give me two things I want most. One 52 cards for ten dollors. Two several rare and ultra rare cards without paying out large amounts of money. Buying Dragons Roar or Zombie Madness, is a good investment.  The structure decks are great for people who want cards, yet don't want to break the bank.", 5.0
"This deck is pretty good if you can get a lot of the cards on the Dueling Guide.I do have every structure deck.I've got cards like 'Armed dragon LV7','Horus the black flame dragon LV8',etc.", 5.0
"Just try to get as much power cards as you can", 5.0
"ive been thinkin on wat deck i should get because my bros have the fire deck and the fury from the deep so im choosing between the dark one and dragon roar i would like to know how much these decks are because i only have ten dollars so help out please", 5.0
"i took the time to decide what deck or decks i should spend my ten dolars on.that fire deck, fury from the deep, dragon's roar or zombie maddness.i went every where to every website to find out, i led my self to this. i am extra happy because today is hallowee", 5.0
"These chairs were very easy to put together and are the perfect size for my three-year-old and sturdy enough for adults to sit on, too. They look great with the other Mission-style furniture we have in our art room", 5.0
"Chairs are wonderful.  They went together easy.  Electric screwdriver is a lifesaver.  Sturdy construction will last forever.", 5.0
"I bought a pair of these when my daughter was 1 and had to climb up onto them. Now she's  2 1/2 and they fit her perfectly, yet are certainly strong enough to hold a parent who wants to sit down with their child.", 5.0
"I disagree that they were easy to put together, but probably that is because all I had was a manual screwdriver and by the time you have screwed two-dozen or so screws into wood, it gets painful! Also, they might seem expensive, but the quality is worth it. These chairs will last for generations!", 4.0
"I wish Amazon had carried them when I purchased mine. I paid about $20 more than their price and at that time that was the best price I could find", 5.0
"We bought these chairs to go with the Little Tikes Mission Design wood table. Not only are they are perfect match (they are, after all, from the same collection), but they are sturdy, well made and beautiful. The light natural wood coloring coordinates well with our furniture and this table and chair set can be used anywhere in the house without fear of staining the table or chairs. There is a light coating of finish that is virtually impenetrable and allows for easy clean up.", 5.0
"My nearly  3 year old daughter, who is 38 inches tall, has no trouble fitting under the table in these chairs. She loves this set and so do I! It was super easy to assemble (I did it myself in less than 30 minutes). The chairs are sturdy and durable, yet light enough for my daughter to be able to move them with ease.", 4.0
"I would buy these again in a heartbeat and would recommend them to anyone who is in the market for a great table and chairs set!", 4.0
"See my review about the table that matches this. This set is great for the smaller child/toddler. It is incredibly sturdy. I don't know what they are talking about "small parts, not for children under 3", I mean it's a CHAIR, there are no parts that come off! My very tall two-year-old toddler LOVES this chair. Other furniture (PBK) is too tall. this is perfect", 5.0
"Great way to carry around a leappad and a few books and cartridges. Paid around $7 for it on clearance at a store a few years ago", 5.0
"lots of space in this backpack, I can fit two leapPads along with 10-12 books & cassettes.  great storage item, very sturdy", 1.0
"This item was very useful when traveling with my five year old.  She was able to take her LeapPad and numerous books with her...never getting bored.  It is a great way to be and stay organized", 1.0
"My child's leappad came with this backpack... and thank goodness it did!  The nifty little mesh compartments for the cartridges allow you to see which one is in there, and it keeps all of the books tidy and organized.  My only concern is there are only 4 compartments for the cartridges... and we have alot more books", 4.0
"I recently purchased this backpack for my grandson.  He just turned 4 and he will now put away his leappad items instead of leaving them scattered about on the floor.  It is also great to have because it is all contained in one pack.  He now takes it in the car when we visit and he hangs it on his door knob and it will now stay in tact.  Excellent buy", 1.0
"The backpack has places for the cartridges which would otherwise be easily lost. Worth the investment", 4.0
"My 4 year old was always loosing her cartridges and now she knows right where they are!!  We love it", 4.0
"This back pack is just right for storing approximately five books and cartridges for the Leap Pad (we use one for our My First Leap Pad and the older kids use one for their Writing Leap Pad); it's great for keeping it all together and organized perfectly so, the kids can easily find the cartridge and book that go together.", 4.0
"The bag didn't hold everything, hard for my 4 year old to put the Leap Pad in", 5.0
"I bought this for my children for a new bathtub toy.  They have only used a few times, but enjoy it.  The only thing I don't care for is that it's hard to get all the water out of the "reel" part of the fishing rod.  The large fish are also just fun to play with in the tub", 4.0
"The product was good but we found it elsewhere alot cheaper.  It did save us the trip to the store so I won't complain", 4.0
"I have a two-year old and she is in love with this keyboard!  When we first received the product she was a bit overwhelmed at first.  But after an hour or so she was fine.  The microphone is a bit too loud for my taste.  I put a piece of tape over it to lessen the sound/reverb.", 5.0
"The Magic Music Maker Keyboard was a good choice for my grandson, aged 3. He seems to enjoy it, while it stimulates his interest in music.", 5.0
"My 6 year old daughter received this as a gift from Santa and she loves it. This is a nice compromise between the cheap keyboards that sound bad and break easily and the spendy ones that are a bit too advanced for young children", 5.0
"This is very nice, my kids (ages 2 and 6) love it.", 5.0
"The only issue I have is that the microphone is too close to the speaker and it creates that lovely high pitched sound. Once I showed my daughter how to hold the microphone when she wanted to use it, we cut out some of the noise. Other than that, great item for kids to play with, dance to, and explore with", 4.0
"This toy is a hit with everyone that comes into contact with it.  It has so many options that it will keep your child and possibly your husband distracted for quite some time! Totally worth the purchase", 5.0
"Jackie hits a home run here!  Any preteen boy will love the stuff this mach ine spits out", 5.0
"We bought these along with the 12 pc. set of large blocks.  My 4 yr.old grandson loves them.  They are of good quality and sturdy.  He will spend hours building, towers, garages, etc. pretending it's a neighborhood.", 4.0
"The best toys are open-ended, to let kids use their imaginations when they play with them, and these blocks are just the ticket.  I had these blocks as a child, my daughter had a set when she was little, I use them in the classrooms at my child development center, and now my nephew is enjoying his set.  There are enough in the set to let kids build really big structures - a fort large enough to hide in, a very tall wall, etc.  If you can only get a kid one gift, this is a great one to choose", 5.0
"I purchased these blocks for my one year-old grandchild, whom I watch everyday during the week. He LOVED them! Actually, all of my grandkids from ages 1 through 8 had a blast playing with these blocks when they came over for Christmas. I ordered the 12-piece set of jumbo blocks to supplement the 40 piece basic set. I highly recommend getting both sets so that your kids have enough pieces in all sizes.", 5.0
"My son had these same blocks when he was little and they never wore out, I was amazed that these same blocks were still available for purchase.  My son who is 30 was even excited when they came in the mail.  These blocks are the most incredibly strong toy to be made out of cardboard that it is unbelievable!  I would definitely recommend these blocks for your little one, my son played with his for 10 years and they never broke and to tell you the truth at 30 i think he may still be playing with them", 4.0
"My almost 2 yr old grandson loves them.  Had one damaged block, called the 800 number for Melissa & Doug and they sent me an entire package of new blocks in the size that the one was damaged.  Would and have bought from them again & again", 5.0
"I bought this for my son's preschool class.  The children play with these all the time.  It was a great find", 4.0
"I bought this for my daughter's fourth birthday because I remembered similar big red blocks from my own kindergarten years. It has been her favorite present. She has built towers, beds for her stuffed animals, hurdles, set up a restaurant table and chairs for her dolls, and more. It's a classic toy, great for creative play.", 1.0
"I do wish it had more of the big red blocks; the vast majority are the small yellow ones. And you do have to assemble the blocks, which is not too difficult if you have two people to do it. It really takes more than two hands", 5.0
"Great for storing all your Barbie needs. Say goodbye to all those little cases that only hold 2 or 3 dolls. This is a great product", 5.0
"This is a nice bin to put all the barbies and their accessories.  My 3 year old has had it just over a month, but it's holding up very well so far.  It holds alot, so clean up is great!  Good product overall", 4.0
"Bought this Barbie case for my daughter and am disappointed with it.  There is nothing on it at all that says or shows Barbie, it is just blah pink.  The handle fell off the first day and got lost.  Inside, it is very deep and has slots for the barbies to stand up in and then just a deep wasted space. No way to organize the clothes at all. The top has very shallow compartments to keep small stuff in... but they are hard for little hands to open.  We just don't like it and my daughter doesn't play with it at all.  An expensive mistake.  :", 5.0
"We bought this for our 3 1/2 year old daughter to store an assortment of Barbie items we inherited.  The divided lid is great for tiny objects like shoes, perfume bottles etc. and stays closed surprisingly well even while it is being slammed open and shut to reach the items inside the case.  The case stores Barbies upright which keeps hair from getting tangled etc.  The clear case is great for seeing what is inside and the wheels and handle are convenient for our daughter.  We weren't sure what to expect as far as quality, but for a plastic case and the money we paid, we think it is a great buy", 5.0
"Yeah, it is your standard cheapo type of construction that one is accustomed to with Barbie/Mattel products, plastic is flimsy and ours (we snagged the only 2 left at Target, one for my daughter, the other from my niece) even had scratches on it.  However, it fits everything that my daughter has, could be bigger or more compartments for the clothes/accessories since as any Barbie fan knows, you can have a ton of it.  My daughter has been using her Barbie rolling bin non stop since I got it.  I am hoping it lasts at least a few years, crossing my fingers.", 4.0
"Lis", 5.0
"THANK YOU THANK YOU!  This was the best!  It fits all of my daughters barbie's and there is even a place for shoes, etc!  I Love this bin!!", 4.0
"My son loves pokemon but it is so hard to find anything but cards at the local retail stores. I had a hard time even online finding anything but cards and a few stuffed animals. I was so happy to find this set. My son loved the ash figure. He has had many hours of pretend play with these figures. This is a must buy for pokemon fans", 4.0
"I played this game with a few friends and we had a great time. It is really fun trying to figure out which face you think your friends are going to go for. I had such a good time that another friend and I decided the buy the game for ourselves", 5.0
"I finally learned how to crochet with the Alex Granny Squares Kit...I practiced for two nights...directions and illustrations were easy to follow even for a lefty like me...with this kit I completed a hat and scarf for my grand-niece for Christmas...even had enough scraps left over", 5.0
"to make five hackysacks for the rest of my nieces and nephews for Christmas.  What's really great now that I have learned some of the basics is that I can move on to other crochet projects", 5.0
"As a parent of profoundly autistic twin boys, this train set is great for their imagination skills.  Also it's well constructed and takes a beating (literally).  They have a special tote for it and pull it out daily. It's a classic wooden set without all the bells and whistles, gadgets and annoying sounds.  Their unsteady little hands can easily put the train together (because it's magnetized) and onto the tracks.  A great buy!", 4.0
"A nice wooden train set that fits with brio brand or other brands of wooden train sets. Not the same quality as brio, but still very nice. Sturdy with plenty of pieces for kids. Good value", 5.0
"My daughter got this set for her birthday (which is in a few days) from her Uncle. I let her open it early so we can stretch out her birthday into a week full of celebrations!", 1.0
"She loves this set. She was able to do most of this on her own BUT there were several parts that she needed help with. The instruction book that came with it is excellent and really helped her "see" what she needed to do next. We completed all the little houses and are halfway through Spongbob's house. Had to stop for bedtime, I am such a mean Mom I know!", 5.0
"She can't wait to get the Krusty Krab set as well. This was our first venture into the "little" Legos and it went much smoother than I anticipated when I opened the box and saw all the tiny parts! We are storing the extra pieces in zip lock bags until we need them, so keep them from getting lost.", 5.0
"This was a great hit with my son.  He enjoyed both assembling the kit and using it as a play set.  The pieces are on the small side so it would definitely need parental help for a kid on the younger side of the suggested age range.", 5.0
"My boys love it! (ages 6 and 8)  Haven't been able to find it at Toys R Us or anywhere else for that matter.   They can't wait to get more Sponge Bob legos", 5.0
"I found this LEGO set to be incredibly easy to put together if following the directions closely.  My son is only 5 (just turned), so helped where he could--but there are some insanely small pieces in this set!  I recommend dumping the bags of pieces in a large mixing bowl, then rummaging for what you need as you assemble...  We had a close call with the heating vent, so switched to the mixing bowl method of LEGO management.", 4.0
"Now that we are done with assembly, which was great fun and high quality togetherness, my son is on cloud 9 with his Bikini Bottom set!  He's played with it for hours at the kitchen table, with no waning interest in sight.  We made a pretend newspaper for Gary to sleep on, and now my little guy acts out all sorts of SB scenarios.  SB's bed is so cool, the jellyfish aquarium, the basketball hoop, Patrick's rock...  There are so many neat little features.  Patrick has a swivel TV!", 4.0
"The only two things that slightly annoy me are 1) the eyebrow on Squidward's tiki house falls off easily (no big deal), and 2)SB's bedpost falls apart easily (also no big).  The finished houses are smaller than I expected, but that doesn't detract from the enjoyment at all.", 4.0
"PLEASE check the Lego website for the suggested retail price and decide what you want to pay.  The price quoted by Amazon's third party vendor is astronomical--I got mine at Toys R Us and paid MSRP--MUCH less than Amazon's current price.  I find it worth every penny and am having a blast listening to my son changing his voice for all the characters and monotoning "70 hours later..." in the voice-over guy's deadpan.", 5.0
"This has been, so far, our favorite Christmas gift.  In a few days we'll put together Buildabob, and I'm definitely going to buy the Krusty Krab set", 1.0
"This product is great for any SpongeBob lover.  My 7 year old plays with it forever.  It's great that he can "throw" jelly fish from Patrick's house to SpongeBob's.  [...", 1.0
"This is a very expensive set.  Personally I didn't think it was worth it.  Very hard to follow instructions with very small, easy to lose pieces.  Way too difficult for small children to put together.  Once together it was fun too play with but still not worth the money", 5.0
"My daughter has had hours of fun putting this set together and mixing pieces with the Krusty Krab set I bought for he. She saved her own money to buy this and it's been one of those toys that she really likes to play with over and over. This set is great for a child's imagination. She is eight and I think it was worth the money.", 1.0
"After reading the reviews by other parents stating that this Lego set is "too much for a 7 year old" - well, I had to write something.  This is an excellent and very interactive set.  The age range is 7-12, so that does not mean you can drop it in the lap of your 7 year old and miracles will happen!  This set needs adult help for younger kids, while my older kid put it together in minutes!", 1.0
"It has great features which make it more than just building, you play catapult-like games with the highly creative toys you just built - a bed that throws SpongeBob out of it, 2 catapults for firing play jellyfish, and of course, a car and interactive basketball hoop inside SpongeBob's house.", 5.0
"Note to parents for kids 7-8, you may ACTUALLY need to get down on the ground and play with your kids!  Surprise!  Older kids can build this fairly easily and seem to invent a lot of games to play with their brothers/sisters.", 5.0
"I give this set 5 stars because it combines the challenge of buliding with legos, but has more small creative gizmos to play with once the set is built.  And as a last comment to people who complain that legos fall apart and need to be reassembled... duh!", 4.0
"If you like to play with your 7-9 year old and don't want to use legos as a babysitter, this is the top lego set available for the price!  For older kids, they will get a tremendous amount of enjoyment (provided they like SpongeBob)", 5.0
"As a teacher and avid buyer of educational toys I have to say this is one of the most versital, well designed, durable toys I have seen", 5.0
"I would highly recommend this toy for all preschoolers.  It is a useful tool for kids 3+ and up.  My daughter plays with this toy for hours.  It  helps her with her alphabets and numbers.  It also helps her identify different animals.", 5.0
"I think this book is very good for learning the skills of third grade.  The only thing is that I wish it came with a case to hold the cartridge, book and pen in one place like my sister's Smart guide to 1st grade came with", 5.0
"I'm a little disappointed about the Smart Guide to Third Grade, not because it's not good, but because it doesn't offer much more than the sample book that came with the Quantum Pad.  I'm sure that someone who has the LeapPad will get more use out of it, but if I had known that the only major bonuses are in the math section, I would have purchased the Third Grade Math Book instead", 5.0
"I didnt know that leap pad had a quauntum series.  We just happened to see this title in the store and I couldnt believe it.  The fact it works with the old leap pad system is a huge plus.  My daughter is 8 and will be going to third grade next year.  She played with this book all day when she got it.  She especially loves the multiplication page and I like the write and erase pages.  It really helps kids learn", 4.0
"This is one of the best leap pad books made.  I am currently looking for more "Smart Guide" books for different grades.  What I love about it is the variety of subjects offered.  It teaches math, reading, social studies and more!!  I can't say enough positive remarks about it", 5.0
"Yahtzee is the funnest family game out there.  It is so quick to pull out and fast to learn.  You really only need 5 dice and you're ready to play Yahtzee.  I found this website:  [...]/ which will count the score on all the dice for you.  It's like an online yahtzee scoresheet/scorecard.  Try it out if you buy the game!", 5.0
"as a child and it is still as fun.. just never have anyone to play it with LO", 5.0
"This is an oldie but goodie. I had this game from childhood but in a flood I lost it. Year's later thinking about all the fun I had with it I bought it again. I'm glad I did. It's just as fun as it ever was and even more so now that I don't get upset if I don't always win. The cat also likes the Dice. It's an inexpensive game fun for the whole family that will bring back happy memories and make new ones", 4.0
"AWESOME!    Just introduced this game to my 10 yr old son and he loved it!    would recommend this to everyone", 5.0
"Great value good family fun.", 5.0
"Game that the whole family can enjoy together", 5.0
"all ages from 2-10", 5.0
"I really like this game for its entertainment valus as well as being a little educational in the logical thought and strategy areas.", 5.0
"I found lost more info about it at http://www.yahtzee.org.u", 4.0
"This is one of my favourite games and makes a great solitaire game.", 4.0
"It can get frustrating at some times.", 5.0
"Most of the skill lies in the scoring but there are alot of times where you have to make sacrifices.", 5.0
"I recommend you get the folio travle version thing, because it is so much more attractive, great for travelling and doesn't create that much noise.", 5.0
"It is also makes a great solitaire game", 4.0
"I have been playing Yahtzee since I was 6, and I get as much enjoyment out of it now at age 37 as I did over 30 years ago. If you've never played the game, you are in for a treat. Players role 5 dice and try to rack up points by rolling the most 1's, 2's, 3's, 4's, 5's, 6's, straights, full house, etc. And if you get 5 of one kind? Yahtzee! A big score!", 5.0
"Strategy plays a big role in this game, and it can easily be said that half the games I lose, I do so because of my mistakes.", 5.0
"Yahtzee is a true family classic", 4.0
"I played Yahtzee as a kid with my Dad and had forgotten how much fun it was.  While looking for some non-electronic games to play with my kids, I stumbled across Yahtzee and instantly remembered the good times.  Introducing the game to the family tonight, I was hoping that they would enjoy it as much as I had years ago.  They did not dissapoint me and after playing several games they all complimented me on the choice.  Another reviewer called Yahtzee "quietly educational", and I completely agree with that term.  My oldest, who since his school started letting him use a calculator in algebra and geometry has lost the ability to do math in his head, suddenly rediscovered his math skills when his score was on the line.", 1.0
"The only thing Milton Bradley did wrong with this game was being cheap on the size of the pad of score sheets they include.  Other than that, this is a classic game that has not lost anything over the years.  Turn off the television or computer and play this game with people you love.", 4.0
"I ordered three of these CD players for our Sunday School classes so we could play the CDs that are part of the curriculum.  The players work very well and their portability is a real plus.  The only negative I've noticed is the limited amount of volume they have when played without an ear piece", 5.0
"Grandson loved the John Deere toolbelt, shipped fast in time for Christmas, no problem", 5.0
"We were a little disappointed about the size of this skateboard.  Pay attention to the dimensions - its really a little kids skateboard - too small for the 12 and 13 year olds we were buying them for", 5.0
"I love it. It's cute and you can't find it in any store on the west coast so therefore it's special. I bought it for my son's thrid birthday gift(one of many cars items he received) and he seems to love it", 5.0
"I would have given tehm 5 stars but Chery & Dakota are not as articulated as I would want to see,But are still great figures. But the Tarantino Figuer is ouite articulated", 5.0
"What a neat kit!!!  I am a mother of a six year old who loves arts and crafts and experiments....I am somewhat lazy when it comes to things where my daughter and I need to work together on anything complicated or that takes a long time.  this is so easy and it's really interesting too.  Also there is not really any mess!!!  I highly recommend this kit!!!", 5.0
"Basically the whole kit is build around some powder which absorbs water and grows like a gel. It's obviosly safe, fun and not messy. My 5 year old daughter loves it. I do recommend", 5.0
"A great price for educational experiments. My 6 yr-old and 4 yr-old both enjoyed making snow and playing with gooey polymers. I was amazed as well, especially by the easy-to-understand instructions and interesting science facts", 5.0
"this toy helped me on my science project i won it showed me how snow is formed and every thin", 4.0
"Just picked this up yesterday on clearance at Target for, get this, $6.97!!!!!!!!!!!!", 2.0
"Don't pay $70 for it when you can go to target and get it for $25 it is rediclious!!!!!! I cant believe they would make you pay $70 for it. I saw this at target a few days before Christmas and there was a WHOLE Shelf full of just them! I got it the day I saw it, it really is COOL I LOVE IT!!!!!! YOU WILL LOVE IT TOO! Dont buy if over 40 bucks its bad to pay over that its not worth it if you pay over $50 at least", 4.0
"I like the game a lot!!! To make the game exceptional, an LED light could be added within the game to give that glow when it's dark at night and you don't have light to view the display", 5.0
"The electronic Sudoku was a real hit in our family, we love it.  Everyone enjoys this game, recommend you purchase this unit. Works great after 2 months of heavy use.", 5.0
"Honestly, I was not familiar with Sudoku before purchasing this game.  I had heard of it and knew that it was a new "craze" but I had never played it.  Buying Christmas presents I picked up several of these and decided to keep one for myself.  I find it completely enjoyable.  I have not had to use the dry erase pen yet but I appreciate that it is there in case I do need to mark the screen.  I have not had any trouble viewing the screen - it does not light up and I know that some do and this was one of the things I considered when buying this particular game, but I find that I can see it just fine.  The buttons are easy to use.  After playing with it several times, I am not sure I would even like a model that had a touch screen instead and a stylus instead.  This is fun and highly addictive.  It is a great item to have when you are waiting for anything - a nice little time waster that actually uses your brain cells but not so difficult as to take away from the entertainment (there are several levels to choose from so you can select a level you are comfortable with - admittedly, I have only ventured to the second level at this point).  Anyway, a nice priced diversion.  I recommend it whole heartedly", 5.0
"This Dora Lego set is generally of high quality. My two year old likes to play with it -- especially the Dora and Boots figures. He is a little young to put all of it together himself, but he gets it out a lot. My only negative would be that the mat the Legos are placed on is only made of flimsy cardboard, but it's not really essential to the set.", 5.0
"I bought the Lego set of Dora and Boots at Play Park for my child care home.  The 4 toddlers I care for are very happy with it.  Unfortunately, I can't seem to find extra little Dora and/or Boots figures.  Seems as though those specific pieces are what really draws their attention; the set comes with just one of each main character.", 4.0
"So far, the pieces have held up very well - I often find 2 or even 3 little ones trying to either keep or take one of these pieces.  So far, they've withstood the tug of war.", 4.0
"I bought the set at a Christmas sale and paid just half price.  However, now that I want to get another set, I've found, much to my dismay, that the retail price is $24.95.  Too much for a few popular pieces of plastic", 4.0
"I bought this for my 2 year old and she loves it. There are lots to do and Dora is always a hit at my home. Her 4 year old friend came over klast night and loved it too. Especially, the spin wheel. I am going to buy her a set now", 4.0
"this thing is awsome. though i wish it was a litlle clearer in the directions", 4.0
"Another AFOL here. I bought this for my own Christmas present, needed to wait 7 weeks, and finally got to put it together over the spring.  There are gobs of nice parts, and the crane does a very good job teaching mechanical concepts. As a learning tool it is a great value. As a parts tool it is a very good value.", 5.0
"From shelf appeal, its better then ... well, a lot of things come to mind!", 5.0
"One thing that is quite odd. The crane hook goes up and down w/ the boom as the boom extends. I reassembled the motor assembly twice, and the box indicates that they are separate control functions. Very odd.", 4.0
"Steering is really neat, motor is fun, dual boom is spiffy, outriggers could have been a bit better, and it would not have been that hard to put a mechanical device in to turn the turntable ...", 5.0
"This crane is a real step up from its 100.00 cousin... and my 4.75 yr old loves it!", 5.0
"I have not been following the Technic series for quite a while but when I saw this I knew I have to get it. And get it I did. It might be a bit pricey, and personally I don't like motorized pieces because of uncertainty (might go kaputt anytime), but this sure is a looker! However it is not all perfect, IMHO; the outriggers could have been made more powerful (how so is another matter). The turntable could have been geared. There could have been another pair of wheels (imagine). There could have been suspension in the wheels. And the dummy steering wheel in front looks rather ridiculous. But nonetheless this is still a master piece. What's next, a giant fire engine? Count me in", 4.0
"     I am a 30 year old AFOL (Adult Fan Of Lego) and have been eagerly awaiting this set since seeing the preview pictures.  I must say I was not disappointed when it arrived.  Functions include 6-wheel steering (manually operated), extending/retracting outriggers (manually operated) a 6 cylinder engine with pistons that move in and out when the model is rolled on a surface, Pneumatic boom elevation, motorized hoist up/down and 3-section boom extension.  The boom can also be (manually) rotated 360 degrees.", 4.0
"This is a set with many functions that will delight mechanical minded folks both young and old.  Build time was around 8 hours, and I have assembled many large Technic sets.  If this is your first time it may take longer.", 1.0
"The capacity of the crane isn't very much for its size, but it is really designed to showcase mechanical functions more than do actual work.", 4.0
"This set also builds a cherry-picker type aerial lift truck (bucket truck) that looks interesting if you tire of the crane.", 1.0
"For those interested in the parts, there are a good assortment of smooth beams and also a decent quantity of classic studded beams which seem to be getting scarce in the newer Technic sets.  Of course there are plenty of the common Technic pins, liftarms, gears, etc.  This set has the larget piece count (1884) of any Technic set ever produced!  If you are a fan of Lego Technic don't even hesitate, buy it today!", 4.0
"I bought these for my 5 year old son who is a huge Car's fan. He was using matchbox cars and pretending that they were Lightening McQueen and friends, but when he recieved the set of these he was so excited. These cars are larger than matchbox cars, and are heavy for their size, good quality!! Great for the Car's fan in your life", 5.0
"With 4 kids, ages 2-8, we have at least 3 or 4 bins of these blocks.  This size is really nice because they are easy to handle and build with. The finished product does not come out tiny.  This size is nice also because it's not small enough to really be a choke hazard for my 2 year old and not so large that my 8 year old feels like she's playing with a baby toy.", 5.0
"As I said in a previous review, the Duplos are absolutely the most played-with toy in this house.  Everyone enjoys them.  The possibilities are endless when you have a million blocks!", 5.0
"When in doubt, BUY DUPLOS!  No kid doesn't like them and there is no such thing as too many.", 5.0
"P.S.**The description says something about gold blocks in this set.  I have no idea what they're talking about.  We bought 2 of our sets from this listing here on Amazon and I can assure you we have absolutely NO gold blocks.", 5.0
"Both of my children have played and played with this set. They love Legos, and this set provides a variety of shapes and sizes of Legos for them to build with. Great toy", 5.0
"This is a great toy for children. My son is 2 and he loves to put the blocks together and take them apart. The blocks are a perfect fit for his small hands. My husband and I love the toy as much if not more than our son", 5.0
"Legos are great as they always have been, there are endless things to do with them & they fit together perfectly! The fact that Legos are NOT made in China (some sets have 1 or 2 small parts that are but the bulk of their goods are made elsewhere) gives them extra points with this family:-) The only reason these do not earn a 5 star rating is that the description Amazon gave described the set as containing "gold" (color) bricks which the set we received did not contain", 4.0
"We love these Legos!  We have a four and five year old.  The five year old has regular size Legos and all though he likes them, he gets frustrated when trying to put some of them together.  We bought these for our four year old becuase he just couldn't figure out how to play with the other ones.  My boys build all sorts of things out of these Lego Duplos.  Love them", 5.0
"We just got this set and my daughter loves it...this is a great set for younger children. My daughter is almost three and will sit and play for hours building different things.  I highly recommend this for any child who love to build and play. I Dont have to worry about small pieces. These are very durable and a overall great product.", 4.0
"We got a tub of these legos two Christmases ago for our 2 daughters, then ages 1 and 3.  Our only complaint was that even 140 pieces isn't enough!  We got another tub the next year, and are getting one again this year because they are the best toy our children have!  We debated over whether to get the Duplos again or try the regular Legos, but decided to go ahead and get one more tub of Duplos, because our now-5 yr. old still loves them.  The newer colors are fun (Lego added orange, light green, and light blue to the standard red, yellow, blue, and green), as well as the addition of skinny blocks.  Definitely a great buy for kids (and grown-ups) of any age", 4.0
"We have buckets full of Duplos and my children 5 and 8 have lots of fun building with them.  They love to see how big of a building that they can build.  We all get involved as a family!  Hours and hours of fun", 4.0
"  I am 10 years old.  For younger kids it's all 5's.  But get Legos not dubloes for your older kids.  It is abousulty great for kindergartens.  Even though I am 10 a still sometimes play with them.", 1.0
"Lydia", 5.0
"age 1", 4.0
"I initially bought this set for my three-year-old but thought better of it since he was almost 4.  So, I bought him a regular set of Legos and was going to take these back.  However, after much frustration with the smaller legos, i.e. not being able to get them apart very easily, etc., I brought these out and well, it's been true love ever since.  I really recommend these for the younger set - I bought the smaller ones because I didn't think he'd get much good out of these since they indicate that they're only to age 5.  Don't pay any attention to the age on these.  They can expand and older kids can use these and since they smaller ones say age three, I wouldn't pay attention to that either.  Grab the bigger ones for ages 2-6 or so, they will be able to use them and have fun as well", 1.0
"I bought one for my Great neice who is 4 and one for my daughter who is 8..Both Loved it BUT the pieces that come with it are VERY small...Choking hazzard.The babies are extremely hard to get dressed but the Dog is so cute with magnets on his nose to hold the babies", 1.0
"This is a cute idea, but the materials used to make this is cheap. If it weren't for my daughter getting this for her birthday from a friend, I wouldn't of spent the money on it myself. It's cheaply made and falls apart easily. The ropes that hold the swings on, broke off within one day. My daughter loves this toy, and has gotten other sets to go with it. She plays with it often, but isn't made well. The babies are homely, and so tiny they are hard to dress. She loves it all the same. She is six and her sister is ten, and they play with it all the time. I am hoping that this toy continues to grow with new sets coming out, but I also hope that the assessories are made better than this item", 2.0
"We bought this for our two-year-old daughter, who loves sports, for Christmas. The very first time we played with it, our nine-year-old son was demonstrating it to our daughter, and he broke the stand!", 1.0
"Now granted, nine-year-old boys can be tough on anything and everything, but he was actually being (relatively) gentle for the purposes of the demo. I think he had his foot on the base when he hit the ball (and the tee) but that is still a topic of debate.", 2.0
"We still use it for t-ball, which is fine since our daughter still has some time before she can hit a moving ball. But I am disappointed in the quality, as we've had always had excellent luck with Little Tike toys.", 5.0
"Fortunately, its still a good price just make sure older siblings (and Dads) are cautious not to stand on the base or hit the tee when they make contact with the ball", 5.0
"This has to be the best toy we ever bought for our 3 year old. He plays non-stop with this both outdoors and in our basement. I was worried it might go through alot of batteries but that hasnt been the case. He has learned to hit so well that I'm a little scared he won't find T-ball very stimulating. Adults have alot of fun with this too! If we had paid 4 times what it cost I would still say it was worth every penny! This one wont get left behind in the huge pile of unused toys.Definitely a great toy thats easy on the pocketbook", 5.0
"My husband and I purchased this toy for our 5 year for christmas. We have an unfinished basement so we let him play this downstairs. (It's too cold to play outside now.) The toy is fun when it actually works. Many times the balls get stuck. It's very frustrating constantly trying to get them to actually pop out. When they do sometimes they are too low to hit. We haven't yet tried to play t-ball with it. It's fairly light so it's possible it may tip over many times. I find that the pieces are pretty durable. My son does continue to play it but he often stops cause it gets frustrating. He sometimes just plays with the balls and bat so it wasn't a total loss", 5.0
"I believe it will help any T-ball or Little League player to improve upon His/Her hitting", 5.0
"These durable, well-constructed wooden puzzles are a big hit with the 18 months + crowd.  I believe my son's love of trucks started with this educational puzzle.  The pieces are easy for little hands to grasp with the attached pegs, the puzzle is easy yet developmentally sound for toddlers and definitely worth the money.  Do yourself a favor though--get a puzzle holder if you plan on purchasing a few of these types of puzzles..", 5.0
"My son and I had a blast opening the geodes and finding the crystals inside. You must use an old sock and a hammer to break them open (yes, the sock will have holes in it when you are done). When we opened the box I was surprised to see how little the stones were, but they really pack the crytals! All the rocks in our box had crystals.", 5.0
"It made learning fun as I explained to him how geodes are created. Kids that are into hands-on science stuff will just love these.", 4.0
"Not only are these worth the money for memory making, they make great keepsakes for the treasure box, too", 5.0
"My brother-in-law loves geology!  He's in his early 30's and we usually get some sort of "gag gift" for the guys at Christmas, so I bought him this.  He LOVED it!  I think he told me three times the box of rocks was cool!  It's about the size of a child's shoe box and I think there are 6 geodes to break.  It was a hit", 5.0
"The Black Pearl playset is absolutely worth the money. My 6 year old daughter who LOVES Capt. Jack received this along with other mega block sets in the series. I ended up putting it together for her while she entertained her grand parents.", 1.0
"The instructions were really well done. Each step was pictured in simple to understand notations and large images. Each piece fits like any other mega blocks or lego-type project. You just got to make sure you press the pieces together on a hard surface to get them to really lock well (carpet building is especially hard when attempting the port royal playset. lol)", 2.0
"It took me about an hour to get the Black Pearl together. This was only because there was so much going on around me while I was working. :-)", 1.0
"Yes, the ship will come apart while you are playing with it. My daughter didn't rip it in half or anything - just a part of the side had to be pushed back on. Isn't that part of the fun of a Pirate ship battle with two ships blowing holes into each other with their cannons?", 2.0
"Anyway, I've never known a lego-type toy not to come undone unless you permanently model glue them in strategic places. I think I'll probably end up doing that to this ship. It is quite pretty - can you say that about a pirate ship?!lol - and well detailed. The figures are really cool, too. Each of their little arms, legs, and heads are posable.", 4.0
"All and all, yes, I do recommend this toy. I'm tempted to buy another and keep it save and decked out on a shelf. :-)", 4.0
"We bought this for our son for his sixth birthday (along with a bunch of other Mega Bloks PotC sets) and he loved it!  The detail is amazing and he has spent hours playing with it.  The directions are very detailed yet incredibly simple.  It is very well made unlike the "Zizzle" version of the same toy which we had and fell apart at the slightest touch.  If your kids (or you) are into PotC, I would definitely get this toy", 5.0
"We have pretty much all of the POTC toys that have been made! The Megabloks Black Pearl pirate ship has a lot of detail and a lot of pieces. We have two of these and they each took about 20 minutes to build. The ships are fragile so if your child likes to play rough they will come apart. My 7yo and 4yo boys love them anyway. They are rich in detail and my kids are into their imaginary play for hours with them.", 5.0
"We also have the Zizzle Black Pearl pirate ship. It doesn't have nearly as many parts (not the "Lego" style like Megabloks) and is bigger. It has some cool electronic noises and trap doors, but is not as detailed as the Megabloks version. The Megabloks version has real sails too.  The Zizzle ship has no action figures, so you have to order the 3" figures separately (my kids just use their Megabloks figures).", 4.0
"Their other favorites are the Megabloks Flying Dutchman (built a lot like the Black Pearl) and the Dead Man's Chest. These sets are a must have for the POTC fan", 4.0
"I've been looking at the Snap Circuit sets for several years now and finally purchased the SC-750 for my daughters 9th birthday.  I was a bit worried she was too young for it but found that was not the case.  She's already built the voice recorder, FM radio and doorbell projects and had a blast playing with each of them.  The projects are really simple to build (I only helped with the first one) by following the detailed instructions and well marked components.  She came home yesterday, did her homework and went right to Snap Circuits and began building another project (much better than watching the TV).  I look forward to using the computer interface so we can actually learn (together) about electronics.  I suspect this is one of those rare toys that that will not gather dust on the shelf.", 4.0
"My toddler loves the Read With Me DVD system.  This Curious George DVD for the system allows you to turn "pages" on your own, let the system read the story to you, or play fun learning games.  My toddler enjoys the game particularly where you select parts and flavors for the candy making machine, then wait for Curious George's reaction when he eats your latest concoction.  The entire premise of the Read With Me DVD system is good, the DVD's themselves are excellent and fun learning tools, however, be careful with the required controller you must purchase.  Just a couple of fat fingered double pokes of a button, and you end up having to reprogram the whole thing again.  But, my toddler loves it, learns a lot from the games, and has discovered that she can also use her "remote control" when we are playing regular movie DVD's.  The controller has held up for over a year with frequent use (and the occasional drop) from a two-to-three year old", 5.0
"Grandma bought the Curious George "DVD" for my 2 children and their cousin.  We popped it in to our DVD player and tried using our DVD remote and it didn't work.  I read the package and the box and nowhere does it tell you "Only for use with the Read With Me Controller".  Even at the Fisher Price website it is not explained very articulately.  Apparently you need to purchase a $25 "system" (aka-special remote control) that you program to interface with your own home DVD remote control and DVD player.", 2.0
"My daughter got this along with the Read With Me system for her 3rd birthday.  She is madly in love with the George DVD.  There are fun games in addition to the very cute story.  If you have this system, your kid will love this story", 1.0
"Please be aware that this is not a DVD for use in a DVD player.  It is a disc made only for the "Read with Me DVD Learning System".  This was not clear in the item description  and my daughter was in tears when her birthday present wouldn't work.  I felt really bad for her and feel mislead", 4.0
"My 2 year old loves this story.  He especially loves how Curious George ends up eating all of the banana cream chocolates.  We play this game a lot but not as much as 'Where The Wild Things Are'", 5.0
"This is a cute story, just like the cartoons and books we had growing up. My 3 year old loves the game where you invent your own candies.", 5.0
"About the system: It's perfect. Like the story videos we used to have where the words light up at the bottom of the screen as the narrator reads them, except the pictures (true to original artwork) are totally animated AND there's interactive games and questions about the story.", 5.0
"The guy is right about them not working with computers. The controller is basically a special remote control for the DVD player. It does work fine with small portable DVD players that have remotes, like the ones for car trips.", 5.0
"My daughter recieved her own TV with DVD from her grandfather for Christmas. I did not approve of her watching TV all the time in her room, so I decided she could only play the Read with Me DVD's. She loves them and plays almost daily. The controller is very kid friendly. At 3 1/2 my daughter can use it all by herself", 5.0
"    My son received the Read With Me DVD System and all the DVDs as an early Christmas present from his uncle.  After a week this DVD and the Dr. Seuess one are his two favorites.  This DVD has a charming story about Curious George visiting a chocolate factory.  It has a fun game where kids can make their own chocolate candy and design a machine.  It also teaches new vocabulary.  One part of the story teaches the children what "curious" means so they understand why George has his name.  I like that my son is learning new words, listening to an entertaining story, and enjoying himself at the same time.  I would recommend this DVD to be purchased if someone is wondering which ones in the series to buy.  It is much better than some of the others.", 5.0
"I LIKE THIS DOLL. IT PORTRAYS THE SWEET & WHOLESOME SIDE OF LINDSAY LOHAN. INSTEAD OF BEATING HER UP FOR HER BAD HABITS WHY DON'T WE JUST FOCUS ON THE POSITIVE ASPECTS OF HER LIFE & CAREER? (SHE WAS VERY GOOD IN "THE PARENT TRAP", "LIFE-SIZE", "FREAKY FRIDAY" & "MEAN GIRLS".)EVERYONE MAKES MISTAKES YOU KNOW. NONE OF YOU ARE PERFECT EITHER. I GIVE THIS DOLL 5 STARS. IT LOOKS JUST LIKE LINDSAY WHEN SHE HAD RED HAIR. AND $14.99 IS A GOOD PRICE FOR HER TOO. I ORDERED ONE FOR MY COLLECTION. HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE. AND WHY DON'T WE ALL TRY TO BE JUST A LITTLE BIT NICER? IT IS THE CHRISTMAS SEASON YOU KNOW. MAY WE ALL HAVE HAVE A SAFE, HAPPY & PEACEFUL! CHRISTMAS THIS YEAR! GOD BLESS!!!", 5.0
"She should come with a champagne bottle, mirror and teeny-tiny bag of coke", 5.0
"This doll is great, I got it just a week ago on clearance. CUte clothes.Plus, the accessories are great, this doll comes with soooo many!The doll itself has the regular build of a my scene doll, a lindsay lohan inspired face, and red hair with purple highlights that is super soft and shiny. By the way, did you myscene fans know that bratz were developed by a guy who was fired from mattel, then went to work at MGA? The actual inspiration for bratz was from Divastarz and barbie.", 4.0
"Good bye for now,", 5.0
"-Ali, the egyptian fan of my scene dolls (In egypt, Ali is a girl's name)", 5.0
"I have owned this doll for over six months now. She is in wonderful condition. I'm not sure where to start, because everything about this doll takes my breath away! I will describe my doll to you.", 4.0
"Lindsay Lohan, a popular actress and singer, is now a beloved collector doll in millions of homes. I'd like to start by saying that this doll not onlt resembles, but looks exactly like the real Lindsay Lohan(before she died her hair blonde then brown). Everything about her looks like the real Lindsay Lohan-from her long red hair, to her freckles, to her eyes, and even her smile! $30 was a wonderful bargain for a collectors doll so beautiful with so much durability. Her coat is super soft, and easy to get on. Her dress is beautiful. It has a flower as a pin. Her extra outfit has many possibilities. The extra skirt may be used as a dress, or it can be matched with the blouse, or it can be paired with the white shirt. All of these options may be used with the coat or wrap. On top of that, there are two pairs of shoes to choose from. All the clothes match, so you don't have to worry about the combination outfits looking weird. Both shoes are easy to slide on, but personally, I don't care for the pink shoes. They make Lindsay's feet look large and pointed. But that's only my opinion. Lindsay has amazing accessories. Her director's char and red-carpet ropes look fabulous when on display. All of the little accessories, I won't get into. They are somewhat useful, but not so important. I would like to describe one of them. The laptop has a cd drive that can be opened. The dvd cases can then be opened, and the dvd's inside of them may be places into the cd drive. Nothing will happen, of course, but it's great to pretend.", 5.0
"So, do I recommend this doll? Most definately! What's not to love?", 5.0
"(...", 4.0
"Well im not a total my scene/barbie doll lover but this one looks nice and has alot of cool stuff", 2.0
"PS..to the person who was trying to find the club birthday chelsea i m not totaly 100% sure but i think u can get it at walmart. hope this helps", 5.0
"The person who received it is very happy however I am very diappointed with the billing.  I had a $10 gift card and it would not reflect the discount when I tried to purchase online so I called in and talked to someone.  He said that the discount would not show up immediately online but it would be applied when my card is charged.  Well, I was charged the full price without the discount.  That was very disappointing and I didn't take action because I am busy and didn't want to have to deal with it.  Instead I told everyone I know about my bad experience", 5.0
"typical barbie doll with accessories.  the recipient loves it.  small pieces will get lost or break soon.  doesn't really look like lindsay lohan but recipient loves it. if your child is a barbie fan i recommend it", 5.0
"My 7-year old loves this. It has tons of extras and is very unique", 1.0
"i don't have this doll, but just from looking at her picture, i can see that she looks a lot like lindsay lohan! A while ago, i got the mary-Kate and Ashley dolls and they didn't look anything like the real people! But, lindsay lohan so totally does! I like it how they added a new character to the my scene goes hollywood dolls, because it was always the same girls! So I think this doll makes this whole my scene goes hollywood gang a whole lot more interesting! The doll has awesome clothes and fab hair!(i'm really into the hair. lol). I really want to get her(and club birthday chelsea)for my birthday!", 5.0
"                                     Sicily #2 my scene fan", 5.0
"P.S. If any one knows where i can get club birthday chelsea that would be great", 4.0
"I GOT MALFOYS WAND FIRST AND IT DIDNT WORK SO I GOT THE HARRY ONE INSTEAD AND OH WAS I GLAD I DID!!! I HAVE ALREADY TRANSFORMED MY DOG INTO A MONKEY, HEXED MY GRANDMA FOR HER ATTITUDE, SET MY ENEMY'S HOUSE AND Cat ON FIRE, JINXED MY SCHOOL'S BATHROOM TOILET, SHOWED MY MOM WHOS IN CHARGE, AND BLEW UP SOME JERK WHO CALLED ME A HARRY POTTER IDIOT. I CANT WAIT TO HAVE MORE FUN WITH THIS WAND. DONT MISS OUT ON THE FUN AND BUY ONE FOR YOUR SELF!!!    I GIVE THIS ITEM 1 2 3 4 5 STARS!!!", 4.0
"I was quite disappointed in the phone aspect of this toy (the hippo game is fine for a 3-year-old).  The entire number pad presses as a single unit and makes a random tone with each press (you cannot press different numbers individually).  Also, when you close the flip phone, it doesn't hang up like a real phone would, rather it keeps dialing/talking until it finishes its conversation.  And the buttons on the outside of the phone are merely decorative (other than the phone to game switch).  Also it is a bit large for a child's hand.  On to the positive: the voices are fairly realistic, and not too annoying.  And the hinge seems pretty sturdy, I expect it will withstand quite a bit of abuse from a child", 4.0
"My 20 month old daughter received this for Christmas and she loves pressing the buttons and saying, "hallloooo" and talking nonsense on this phone.  The volume is just right in my opinion.  If she's holding the phone up to her hear it's not too loud and you can still hear it softly when playing with the buttons.  Perfect for pretend phone play", 5.0
"My son loves his train set he got for Christmas.  It is really nice to have the battery operated engine too because he can push it or just turn it on and watch it while playing with other animal toys that go to watch the train", 1.0
"Great starter set.  However, for a 2 year old I would recommend buying a second train without batteries - it will help them to play with the set better.  Overall a great buy", 5.0
"You can't beat this set for scenery.  The train itself is beautiful, with its mountain design; the bear family is sweet, and I love the trees and cave for the bears.  The mountain tunnel is attractive too, although it's low enough that a few of our taller trains (the Little Engine That Could and our Maple Landmark name train, for instance) have clearance issues.  My almost-two-year-old son loves the engine and says "blue" repeatedly when he's playing with it.", 5.0
"Sadly, though, this "mountain" engine lacks the power to handle serious hills, especially in reverse.  We have some bigger/steeper mountains, and the engine usually just doesn't want to pull up them, even without any cars to pull.  Our initial battery lasted a few days, but now we have to put a new one in just about every day.", 4.0
"Although the engine lacks the power I expected, I really love the mountain set; it looks really great with the Brio mountain tunnel that comes with the moose, and we've had a lot of fun with all the components.  This is a really great starter set or addition to existing set.", 5.0
"I recommend the Brio mountain tunnel with the moose as a perfect addition to this set, if you can find the tunnel", 2.0
"If you have to put the tracks on the carpet or even an area rug I'd definitely get the "sure tracks" for the hill, we had problems with the trains getting stuck either before or after.  However, if you have a train table, or any hard surface it's not a neccessity.", 5.0
"The battery-powered train is nice though not super fast by any means.  Also, the switch on top is hard for my son 2 1/2 to turn off, front is forward, middle is off and back is backwards, kind of tough to get it in the middle to the off so when I tell him to go turn his engine off if he's going to leave the room, I have to help him or do it myself.", 2.0
"Also invest in some rechargable AAA batteries as they only last about a day or two if they run a lot.", 5.0
"This mountain adventure set definitely has the "cute" factor going.  Love the mountain/tunnel and bears with the cave.  All pieces seem high quality, even the plastic mountain and bridge.", 4.0
"The train set is great. My two year old received it as a birthday present. He loves playing with it. His baby brother is mesmerized by the train. We are going to have to buy a diffrent engine for him. The both love it.", 4.0
"I don't give it five stars because they love playing with it soo much that I have to change the batteries quite frequently. It was a battery a day. We bought a diffrent engine that required no batteries and limit the use of this engine to save on batteries.", 2.0
"It is nice having a battery engine bacause they enjoy the train run through the tracks.", 4.0
"Every year parents and grandparents search for the ultimate toy - the one that the kids love and spend hours playing with while others are piled up under the tree still in their boxes....well, this is that toy!  First of all, it was easy to assemble while a two and 3 1/2 year old waited impatiently.  They were both mesmerized and quickly began piecing the tracks together to help.  It was quickly assembled into the figure eight shown on the box, no instructions needed.  The two little ones spent hours playing....no derailments either.  These cars stay on their track even when the pieces aren't perfectly aligned.  This is an equal opportunity toy and I loved seeing my 3 1/2 year old daughter play with something that wasn't doll related for a change.  She and her two year old boy cousin each had a separate set, which some of the bigger "boys" turned into one bigger track, but each had their own set of two cars - so fighting was minimal.  If purchasing for multiple children to share I would recommend adding additional engine cars and passenger cars to eliminate competition for control.  There is enough room to have multiple cars at different intervals on the track simultaneously.", 5.0
"All of the stories offered with the Read with Me player are all great classics.  This one was a new one for us, and Cameron enjoyed it.  I  think my son really enjoyed this story.  Someone also gave him the hard back book for his birthday, and he loves this one.  I think any read with me dvd offered it a great one.  They are either new or timeless classics and they can learn to read, follow along while they listen or play the games relating to the story after.  It makes learning fun.  Buy all of them, we own them all.  Great concept and I hope they offer more in the future.  I think they just needed to market it better during the year before the holidays....awesome learning toy", 5.0
"I got this for my 6 year old nephew who was adopted from Africa.  He is learning English and this is a really sweet story that happens to resonate with him particularly.  He is often shy and tentative in his almost all white school and with shaky English skills.  This story about a clumsy Giraffe that finds his own music to dance to is so inspiring and hopeful.  My feminist sister says it would be good for any kid that feels a little bit different, and for 'normal' kids to look for 'different' kids' special talents.  I like the animation which is really good, especially for a children's product.  It was a crowd pleasure for everyone and it's broken into managable segments so you can play for as little as 10 minutes or as much as 2 hours.  There is a fun play along dance game that brought all of us to our feet after Thanksgiving dinner.  We danced for over half an hour kids and adults", 5.0
"We love this set of four well-made puzzles.  They are great for outings and they keep my 3 year-old busy in a restaurant.  The box is great to store it all and each of the four puzzles has a different symbol on the back, so it makes for easy clean up", 5.0
"My 3 year old received this toy for Christmas.  She enjoys putting the puzzles together very much.  However, she has trouble getting them apart - the wooden pieces do not come apart very easily.  We already have 4 or 5 pieces that have broken - a layer of the wood has come off, either off the picture part or the back of the piece.  I was disappointed when a piece broke after we only had the puzzles a few days!  The wood is very thin.  The shapes on the back are great for sorting the pieces, but the compartments that hold the pieces aren't big enough.  If the pieces don't go in "just so" - the lid won't close.  The puzzles are nice, but I would not purchase this toy again due to the quality", 1.0
"Our son (2-3/4) plays with this over and over. And, putting the pieces back into the box is as much a part of the game as putting the pieces together, so clean up is not an issue. Who would have thought that with 6 months of playing with 4 puzzles on an almost daily basis you would have no missing pieces! Sturdy and colorful and well built (as have been other "Melissa & Doug" products we've found...", 1.0
"This puzzel was smaller than expected, but the challenge for a 2 1/2 yr old is very good. The pieces are durable and he is always proud of himself when he completes all of them", 5.0
"This is my 3 year old son's favorite toy. He needed help with it at first, but now he is able to do all four puzzles on his own. He puts the puzzles together over and over again each day.  The size makes it a great toy to travel with.  It is the perfect  puzzle for a child who is ready to move on from the bigger wooden puzzles with the knobs.  My only complaint is that the box should be slightly bigger. My son sometimes has trouble shutting the lid of the box when he puts all the pieces away.  A bigger box would solve that problem", 4.0
"Delivery was quick and it was exactly what I expected!  Love it", 5.0
"If you're a true fan of Johnny Cash, this is a neat way to display your respect for "The Man In Black."  His likeness is real.  Everyone who sees it recognizes him instantly.  I think if you purchase it, you'll enjoy it", 5.0
"Tonnes of fun. Comes with a booklet with step by step instructions to solve the puzzle, although it seems the instructions might be missing a couple moves which makes it frustrating. I've been playing it non-stop since I got it. It can be fun even after you solve it because it's fun to try to improve your time and I think it's quite relaxing. It has been durable but the edges of the stickers are beginning to peel. Overall it's a great product and I recommend it for all ages", 5.0
"They're stickers, stickers peel, get over it. What, did ya expect a paint job like on a car or something? What's next, Pimp my Cube ha?!?! (like the reality tv show, Pimp my Ride)?!?!", 5.0
"I really like the cutely packaged Anniversary Edition. Makes for a very nice display. If you get the Anniv Edition and ya don't want to ruin it, then I suggest ya keep the Anniv Edition displayed on the shelf and also buy 2nd cheaper version. No biggy", 5.0
"Well,there really is no description needed for such a classic toy.", 5.0
"Always keeps you occupied,always keeps you entertained", 5.0
"What a super-cheap rip-off of the original Rubik's Cube that was introduced to us in the mid-'70's. Seems like every doctor's office, break room,friend's basement,etc. had one of these cubes to kill time with. Main reason that I, personally didn't like this modern version was that after the first day or two, the colored stickers start to peel off. The Rubik's Cube HAD it's day. In this high-tech age, I cannot see many kids having any interest in this item. They might actually have to 'use' their brain. PLEASE don't bring back the Pet Rock", 5.0
"Rubik's cube quality is all but non existent. The cube doesn't turn, the stickers peel.", 5.0
"don't ever buy a Rubik's brand Rubik's cube.", 1.0
"New East Sheen has high quality cubes at less than the rubik's cube price, that's what i't sugges", 1.0
"Just like every Rubik's cube I've ever had, this one is a piece of junk.  The folks at Rubik's have always made a substandard product.  I had one of the knock-off brand cubes as a kid and it seemed to be much sturdier.  Common problems with Rubiks' products...1) stickers fall off, and 2) the whole thing becomes loose and sub-cubes start to fall off the main cube.  It's junk", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my son and I figured if it turns out too 'girly' I would give it to my niece.", 5.0
"As it turned out, it is definitely not adequae for my son but it is definitely more adequate for my son than my niece!  It has also gender neutral issues.  Let me give a couple of examples and if I have time one day I will give more specifics:", 5.0
"This toy has sophisticated electronics but the design behind it seems lacking.  For example, it will give negative feedback for choosing the wrong answer but I will not give any feedback if you chose the right answer:-)", 5.0
"The toy is designed to encourage vanity and other undesirable traits and feels like it was designed by someone who has a sterotypical and negative view of what American girls are like.  More later got to go..", 2.0
"Probably designed by some insensitive backward male out there..  And my apologies to all the good guys out there.  I know there are a lot of you out there and I am married to one of them:-)", 5.0
"This is a great toy for 3 to 4 year olds, but I wish the set contained more tracks.  It makes a very small loop.  The nice thing is you can make and add other Duplo structures to this which makes each use a new set-up", 5.0
"My two year old adores his set. The only thing that is strange is that Thomas lego has no eyebrows even though he does on the box.  And I wish there were a few straight pieces to go with all the curved ones that came with it.  Ohterwise, the kids have a great time playing with this and the other train duplo sets", 5.0
"My 2 year-old's little hands love taking apart and putting together the train and train tracks. My 4 year old adds on buildings with our other Legos. It will be great to add the other trains as well. This set only comes with Thomas and a few structures", 2.0
"My son (who just turned 2) received this for Christmas.   He also received a lot of other Thomas things.   He enjoys playing with it very much - we obviously have to teach him how to connect the traks and build Knapford Station, Thomas, etc...     It goes with his other Duplo blocks and another bonus is that his 5 year old sister also enjoys this toy.    It doesn't have very many "Bells and whistles" which is why I didn't give it the 5 stars, but he still enjoys it very much", 5.0
"My 2-year-old has spent at least 45-60 minutes a day playing with this, from ages 23-28 months. Got it as a Christmas gift when he was 15 months, but he was too young then, so we put it away.", 4.0
"Once he started playing with it, we quickly bought (or suggested as a 2-year b-day gift) the Percy, Toby and James sets. OMG, he LOVES it, I would've paid three times what it cost if I could've ever predicted how much time he spends with it. Practically, we could throw out the rest of his toys and he wouldn't notice. With all the sets we have now, there is enough track...but more would be nice, too", 5.0
"We got this for my son's 2nd birthday (since he loves his Duplo blocks) he really loves the Thomas train and the track and now at 2 1/2 can put it together himself, I just wish I could get more track, especially straight track pieces to make this set bigger and more interesting than a simple oval or bean shape  (all the pieces are curved in this set.)  The Percy/Toby/James sets are cute but only come with a few pieces of track, I might buy one anyway since whenever he has a little friend over they fight over the train so it would be good to have 2 trains.  My only compaint is that it is hard for my son to keep the trains on the track, the wheels have to be lined up exactly with the groves on the track, I often push it around for him with no problem, but he gets so excited that he usually runs it off the track before even getting half way around, hopefully he will outgrow this!  I would recommend this for older toddlers & preschooler, it is very durable.  If anyone knows where to get more track please let me know :", 4.0
"I got this toy for my 18 month old, who loves trains and blocks.  However, I found, much to my chagrin, that she insisted on disassembling the various lego items (light, tunnel, station, trains....).  So, we could never really put the set together for more than 5 minutes.  Assembling the elements also required following the directions, so it wasn't really fun for her to play with.  I think this would be a great toy for a slightly older child, and in fact we gave ours to a friend who is just over 2", 5.0
"I purchased this Thomas Lego set for my four year old grandson, who is a Thomas the Train fanatic. He loves it and carries it with him everywhere he goes. It is easy for him to put together and discovering new ways to organize it is challanging for his mind. It's also small enough for him to carry in his back pack and set-up in a corner wherever he goes. Thank", 5.0
"This lego set is great for toddlers/preschoolers.  Considering the high price of Thomas the train toys, I think this is actually worth its price.  We got it for our 3-yr-old son who loves Thomas and loves playing with the duplo legos.  We also got the large box of duplo legos, which was really necessary to give him a chance to really get creative.  He makes up some interesting trains, but I think it's only because he has so many legos to work with.  So if this is your child's only duplo legos, you might not be as satisfied with the 'playing' results unless you purchase a small box of duplos to go with it", 5.0
"I got this for my 9m old for Christmas.  It is a little old for him but he still loves it. The roll-a-rounds that come with it are good ones, he picks them up and inspects them over and over again. Just watch for the sting in the mouth", 5.0
"I actually found this toy at a used children's store and bought it for him at about 7 months.  Since then, it's become his favorite toy - played with many times every day.  We were a bit concerned about the pull, as he likes to put everything in his mouth, so we cut that off.  But he'll still grab it and pull it towards him, tip it over.  When I push it toward him, he laughs and giggles at the face.  And the rounds, he LOVES.  He plays with those all day long - pushing them away, tossing them, chasing after them.  It's a great toy for him, and I get a lot of enjoyment watching him with it", 5.0
"This toy is a bit silly. My daughter likes to roll the balls on the floor, but it isn't nearly as much fun as some other pull-toys she has. The balls immediately fall off the caterpillar when a child pulls it, and it isn't heavy enough to even stay upright.", 1.0
"It just sits on the toyshelf, looking cheesy.", 5.0
"I'd recommend investing in a quality wooden pull-toy, instead.", 5.0
"The only great things about it is that they didn't try to jazz it up with annoying flashing lights or terrible music! For that reason alone, we didn't return it", 5.0
"This is a very cute toy.  When it is pulled it's eyes and ears move up and down.  My [...] only might like it more than my [...]  The balls fall out to easy though.  When it hits a turn the balls usually fly out, and I don't like that.  When I bought it, it looked like there were plactic covers that went over the balls.  It turned out they were not part of the toy, but it would be a good idea.  We have a huge collection of the roll-a-round balls and peek-a-blocks.  They are really neat toys.", 5.0
"My 14 month old daughter LOVES this toy. She spent the first night walking it around the house singing to it. Even my 4 year old thinks it's cute. It has a happy little face, has a great turning radius, and makes a great first pet. She puts smaller stuffed animals on it's back and gives them rides, too. Pretty cute, for the money. If your child likes balls and pull toys, this is a winner, especially for the 12-18 month crowd.", 2.0
"This toy is a wonderful addition to the roll a round line, which up until this point consisted solely of a dinosaur, a gumball machine and a turtle, so it was certainly a welcome addition.  The rounds that come with the toy are very cute, but not as as related to the toy as they normally are.  For instance, the gumball machibe comes with candy themed balls.  Still, the rounds are alwasy cute.  As for the toy itself, it is very very cute.  It is easy to pull or push or drag, and moves around quite easily.  The only issue I have with it how easily the balls fall out, whcih frustrates my child, and i also believe that the pull string should be a bit easier to hold.  all in all, a great to", 1.0
"This Scene It Edition is a fun time for all. It has older TV shows and more recent so no matter how old you are you're bound to answer some questions. We enjoy playing this edition and I'm sure you will to", 1.0
"I really enjoyed this game. I have the original scen it and liked it but found the tv virsion better. The querstions are more easier then the movie virsion. The game is great for tv fans. If your not a tv fan you may be lost and find it hard to play. There are clips from ol shows to new shows. it's fun to watch clips that you have forgotten over the years. It's a great familly and party game", 5.0
"My family really enjoyed the DVD portion of the game but got sick of using the board.  After playing it a few times, we just started answering questions from the DVD and totally ditched the board.", 1.0
"After that, we had a much better time playing", 4.0
"Rummy is a very fun game. My husband and I play it several nights a week (and we are both 26 years old, so it is not like we don't have other things to do). It is a great bonding time for the family, and kids love it too! This particular set of Rummykub is a high quality product: it will not deteriorate with time (unless you repeatedly drive it over with a car, i suppose). I am very satisfied! My husband and I canceled cable because we have our entertainment source now... a game of Rummy!", 5.0
"As a suggestion: for extra challenge and diversity you can go on the Internet and google "Romanian Rummy rules". These are the rules I grew up with and they are quite different from the Rummykub rules (but use the same set of tiles to play). Enjoy! :)", 5.0
"This game is okay.  It does its job . . keeps us occupied.  However, one thing I do not like about it is that it's hard to keep track of the score when there are existing tiles already down.  With all the arranging and rearranging we tend to lose track on what "new" tiles we've laid down in order to score.  But overall, it's a good game", 5.0
"I've been playing this game for 20 years starting with my grandchildren and ven they are already grown up they like to play this game. It is a great game and everyone likes it. I recommened it to everyone", 2.0
"This game is great. I have had this for years. If you like the card game Rummy, you will love this game. It's easier than holding up a bunch of cards...same rules and concept. It's great for kids and people with mobility disabilities. (limited hand movements or grasp) When I was younger I had a horrible time holding the cards, my stepfather bought this for me...I was able to play", 5.0
"The game was a very popular Christmas gift in our home.  My 13 year old loves the movies and my 8 year old likes to play Monopoly!  The only downside they said is that they wish the game pieces were the characters and not items like a cannon or a treasure chest.  My kids collect different Monopoly games -- Lord of the Rings, Sponge Bob, Golf, etc. so this was a great addition to the collection", 1.0
"This has become the favorite game in the house - the kids can't get enough of it.  They enjoy buying property such as Tia Dalma's shack or the Black Pearl.", 4.0
"The only things I would have done different was instead of making it with the traditional Monopoly Jail, I would have put the Port Royal Prison there and instead of the Policeman, perhaps put Commadore Norrington or the Gov.  And of course the Free Parking Space should have been Free Docking or something similar.", 5.0
"The pewter pieces are pretty cool as well even though there are no "human" characters.", 5.0
"Definately a must have for POTC fans who also enjoy board games", 4.0
"The only thing my niece and I have to complain about is the dice. It stated that the game came with pirate dice. So not true! It came with regular black and white dice, not pirate dice as stated.", 1.0
"my daughter absolutly loved this. "Santa" brought her both Mater and Lighting Macqueen. The lighting one was a little hard to get to work, but Mater worked with no problem. There is not much he says just about 5 sayings..but usually the same 3 play over and over.", 5.0
"That it's appropriate for toddlers, especially fans of the Disney Animated movie is indisputable but it's battery operated and you can't change the battery!  What's up with that", 5.0
"Where are the red turkeys for things that are dangerous? This thing was Designed by an idiot that never rode a bike. There is No rake to the small front wheel. Kids go over the damn handlebars. The designer should be sued", 5.0
"This is a nice trike. The high back seat gives that small one stability. The foldup feature is handy for storage or traveling, although it does not foldup to be be real compact", 5.0
"This is the perfect trike for my two year-old grandson. It is very sturdy and folds up to hang in the garage. It will tip if he gets going too fast and tries to take a sharp corner, but it is also low to the ground and stays upright most of the time. He loves to put rocks and toys in the carrier beneath the seat on the back. One thing that did disappoint me was that the picture shows the trike has a bell on the handelbars. Well, ours didn't have one. Luckily I was the only one disappointed.", 5.0
"This trike has all the things I want in a tricycle. Yes, it is liable to tipping over, but I have been keeping my toddler on a straight path while she pedals on it. Its colors are so cute, and she loves the bucket in back. I attached a loud honking horn, so she can HONK like a real rider. All the children love this trike that play with her. I wouldn't recommend it if your child will play on the driveway or in an open space because, yes, it will tip over and you'll be disappointed", 5.0
"I agree with many of the other reviewers that this bike tips over very easily.  My son does know how to pedal a bike, and yet this tips without any warning.  He has gotten caught underneath the bike, and had the handlebars turn so that he needed help to get the bike off of him so he could get up.  The only positive aspects are that we store ours outside and it has held up well, also, my son was able to reach the pedals before he turned 2 (he is a lttle under the 50% for height) so he was able to learn to pedal on this bike.  As a side note, the 2 most positive reviews for this bike are over 18 months old, I think it is quite possible they have a different model than what is currently available", 5.0
"I have never been one to go with reviews so I ignored the ones that I had read about the bike tipping over and bought it anyway for my 2 year old's birthday. What a mistake! Within 5 seconds of getting on the bike, it tipped over and did so every 2-3 minutes thereafter. Definitely not a safe bike. It may be cute and smaller than some of the others out there, but you'd be better off buying a kettler. Frome now on I'm going to pay more attention to the reviews. What a disappointment", 5.0
"Cute but way too tipsy.My son only wants my husband to push him around because every time he tries to go anywhere on this trike he tips over and also has trouble steering.No fun.Wish I hadn't bought", 5.0
"I got this for my four year old on sale after christmas.  I was a little disappointed when we first played it because I thought she'd be learning facts about animals.  But after playing it a few times we all like it (even my 1 year old watches the kids and walks from pad to pad) and its a good game to practice following directions, and that is very important for preschoolers", 5.0
"I bought the original when my kids were 5 and 3, and it was a good game for them to play together for a change.  The DVD game has the same concept, but is more visual; when the announcer announces the pad, the possibilities show up on the screen.  All the pads are animals (no food, musical instruments, as in the original), but there is minimal animal education.  Kids might learn which animals are farm animals, which are ocean animals, etc.  I think there is less variation in this game than the original; after a few days play and repeat games, I can figure out (but not my kids)which pad will be the winning one.  One of the best features of the original, is that it made my kids listen to the instructions.  Listening skills can be replaced by visual cues in the DVD version.", 4.0
"This is a great spin off of the original award winning Hullabaloo came. I like the dvd version. It helps my 18 month get involved in the play & the kids have a blast! This version was a top pick on this years Oppenheim Prestigous Award Winning list of toys. A definate must have present for the whole family! Happy Holidays!!", 5.0
"We bought the Hullabaloo DVD Game for my 6 and 3 year old children. They have been playing it everyday for a whole week! My friend has an older version (not the DVD) and they like to play it but sometime can't hear it very clear. This one plays the game through your TV and DVD player. It is highly visual, fun and includes many more game options. It will be very good for autistic children to listen to a command and do things (the visual part will be very helpful). I give it a 5 star plus!", 5.0
"thanks", 5.0
"I bought this doll for my 4 year old because she saw this in the store and really cried for it.  Like the previous reviews, it is very loud and annoying.  Also the ballet skirt would not stay on unless you held it down which is hard to do when the doll is twirling around.  My daughter rarely looked at this doll past the first day.  I eventually gave it to my neice but my sister brought it back the next day complaining of how loud and annoying it was.  I finally took it to Salvation Army.", 5.0
"My daugther is two years old.She loves Dora. My daugther loves to dance and sing while watching Dora so this was the perfect gift for her.The shipping was very fast I didnt expect the product to come so fast and I was excited it was here in three days. I used the free shipping and felt that it may take longer but to my surprise it was here very quick. This product is perfect for Dora Lovers!!", 5.0
"My daughter loves to do ballet and wanted this toy soooo badly. Unfortunately shortly after recieving it we could not get it to do the ballet. The pin isn't working. She was soo cute all dressed to do ballet with Dora and it wouldn't work. The look on her face was heartbreaking. Don't waste your money", 4.0
"This puzzle is a great addition to tools that my 2 year olds use for learning geography.  They enjoy doing it over and over again.  It is exciting to watch them fight over Africa, or yell "Give me India back!"  After doing this puzzle and others they get excited whenever they see a map.  They point out various continents and countries.", 5.0
"Some continents (Europe, Asia, and Australia) are deliniated incorrectly. I would not want my kids to be misinformed about basic geographic concepts", 5.0
"I bought this for my niece who is 5 yrs old.", 5.0
"Pros:It is big and easy to organize and read the letters and the board itself is thick enough that it will not get torn apart by kids easily.", 4.0
"Cons: It lists only continents and not countries.For the size it is, it would have been better if it listed countries.", 4.0
"My two year old grandson opened the wheel pals triple track tower and loved it.  He put the cars on the tower hit the button and clapped as they came down the ramp couldnt of had a better present for christma", 5.0
"This was a gift for our 18 month old son during the holidays.  I decided to purchase the Playskool Wheel Pals Triple Track Tower because it was rated high on the Today Show and in Parent's Magazine for toddlers 18-24 months.  Our son loves this toy, and has played with it more often than any of the other gifts he received this year.  It is simple for him to use, has matching car and track colors, and makes fun car noises.  I would recommend this toy to any parent who has a child in this age range", 4.0
"Our 17 month-old son unwrapped this (with a little help) on Christmas morning, and he loves it. The only  thing is, the straight blue track was missing. I've submitted a request to Playskool (Hasbro) for a replacement part, but they're pretty slow to respond these days. Our son, meanwhile, still loves the tracks, and the cars are great little designs. He doesn't really know that there's supposed to be another one (we don't think, anyway)", 5.0
"The little boy I bought it for played with it all day. He loves it and it has held up beautifully", 5.0
"I bought this for my two year old and he loves it.  I was very surprised that it did not fall apart.  My son is very rough and breaks everything but this toy has proved to be very sturdy.", 5.0
" My 9 and 8 year old also love to play this with him.", 4.0
"This is a great toy at a very good price", 5.0
"Good action for our 20 month old boy. He quickly learned how to set the cars and then press to see them race. They went down the chute fast and he was delighted", 5.0
"I bought this for my son hoping and praying I wouldn't waste the money because he gets more enjoyment out of movies and household objects.  Well, it was money worth spent.  He has played with it everyday and loves to watch the cars race down the track.  He also loves the fact that he is the one who makes them go.  He is tickled by the noises it makes", 5.0
"to your nearest Wal-mart and purchase this for your toddler.  There is a $5.00 coupon on every box that expires this summer. This toy is in the must have category.  I have so much fun racing cars on this tower with my son.  We have had it for a month and he still loves it.  The cars roll super easy and you can even buy another set of cars for variety.  Just a great little set for 10 bucks", 5.0
"I received this product and can't wait to put it together for my 36 mo old and I to play with together. This is a toy that has great reviews and so far, I like what I see. I have yet to travel with it to bring it to my daughter to play with. She will be the ultimate reviewer after we put it together", 5.0
"My son (4-1/2) was given this as a Christmas gift and it's the hands-down winner for best toy in the household.  We have two other "marble run" toys - one made of wood blocks the other of plastic - and this is by far the most creative, versatile and exciting to use.  Each of the color-coded blocks does something a little different, which makes for endless variations in building runs.  The "twist and rail" set is an excellent starter since it has such a large variety of pieces.  There are several layouts included in the pamphlet with step-by-step illustrations that our son can follow by himself.  It takes us parents a little playing to remember what each color piece can do; so it's a fun challenge for young and old alike.  We can't wait to add onto this set!!  This is an heirloom-quality toy that is will be played with for many, many hours of fun by all of us.  It is very sturdy and well-designed.  If you think in terms of money spent per hours of play, this is a sound investment", 5.0
"I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my children. It was two hours before I could finally relinquish it so they could have a turn. They enjoy it as much as I do!", 5.0
"The components are sturdy and the construction is very well done.", 5.0
"Can't say anything negative about this one. Let your kids try it before you do or they'll be waiting impatiently while you let your imagination run wild.", 5.0
"My kids, my husband, and I love this toy.  The blocks and rails are very sturdy and made well.  You can even build a marble run on well padded carpet. We bought it for my daughter's sixth birthday two months ago.  She and my 4 year old son play with it all the time. It is pricey, but well worth the investment.  Most of my kids Christmas toys are now sitting in the corners of their rooms untouch, but the marble run is still keeping them busy.", 5.0
"This is also my first review ever - but I felt compelled given our enthusiasm over this toy.  We gave this set to our son this Christmas - he will be five next month - and he and the whole family LOVE it! The quality is excellent and well worth the higher cost (compared to the more inexpensive plastic runs).  So far, my son has wanted me to build the runs, but I know that as his confidence grows with the toy he will take off into building on his own.  And getting as many marbles as we can, as quickly as we can, going down the run is just flat out addictive fun!  We felt that this was a great set to start with since (as another reviewer said) it comes with both curved and straight rails along with a spiral and a teeter-totter.  I'm already looking forward to buying some of the accessory and add-on sets for my son's birthday and other holidays! I'm sure we are going to get years of enjoyment out of this toy.  I highly recommend it", 4.0
"This is the first time I've written a review, but I had to write this one.  We gave this to our (almost)6 year old son and he LOVES it! Absolutely his favorite toy.  It's the first thing he plays with when he walks in the door.  (My 4 year old daughter enjoys it too!)", 5.0
"We've tried other type of marble work toys and none of them come close to the quality of this set. It is worth every penny of investment! This set is high quality construction and will not break. It sets up very well and is very sturdy (unlike the plastic warble works) if on a stable surface will stay up ... no wobbling. You will keep this set forever and pass it down through the family for generations!", 5.0
"Go ahead and splurg on this set you will not be dissapointed!", 5.0
"You will get more than hours and hours of entertainment out of it for the young and old", 2.0
"Ok, I read all the reviews decided to get it for my 4 year old for her birthday...it was the hit of the party. SHE LOVED IT!!! As for the headset, all the reviews said it was really small but, my husband figured out that it actually goes around the back of your head with the microphone in the front NOT worn like a headband- if you put it like that it fits great...and my daughter says comfotrtable too!!! LOVE IT! I think the other reviews were simply wearing it incorrectly :", 5.0
"My daughters fight over this thing all the time and the 3 songs get annoying real quick but they all have a great time with it!  The microphone headset is pretty much useless, doesn't fit any of my kids properly (ages 2, 4 and 6).  It seems like it is pretty well made and", 5.0
"has held up to some mild abuse so far", 5.0
"Perfect gift when paired with "The Barbie Diaries" DVD.  My 4 year old loves her guitar, especially "I'm a survivor" that plays over and over and over again.  Ughhh!  The headset doesn't fit on her little ears, and she has to basically eat the microphone to hear herself sing.  She loves everything about it.  Great gift to send to the Grandparents house for a visit.  They will love you for it!..Not", 1.0
"I was very skeptical of the product after reading reviews.  I consider myself to be on the over protective side, and the song lyrics concerned me after reading previous reviews.  However, my 4 year old daughter got it for her Birthday, and loves it.  Even my 2 year old like to play it.  The songs are OK, I wish like most, we had a selection to choose from, but honestly she doesn't concern herself with the actual lyrics.  She is just so excited to be playing!  I recomend it, even with the songs!", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter's fifth birthday.  She absolutely loves it.  I highly recommend it but heed the warnings of the other reviews.  The headset doesn't fit real well and if you don't want your children listening to Britney Spears or Christina Aguilera, you might want to reconsider.  Which brings up a question: Where do I buy additional cartridges with different songs?  If you know, e-mail me at [...]", 2.0
"We originally purchased this for my 3 year old and it was such a hit that we had to buy another one for our 6 year old...they play with them constantly-love the Shania Twain song--we're big fans...wish there were more cartridges to put in it though. We bought it knowing this was one of the suggestions and we don't regret it one bit.We love the concerts that our girls put on for us", 2.0
"My 6 year old got this guitar for three kings day (precisely today, January 6).  In my opinion the songs are only appropiate for girls age 6 and up, since it has 2 cartridges with 6 popular rock-pop songs that you can find on the comercials for kids bop songs in cartoon network. The volume control is great, so that way you don't get headaches from the loud and constant play,  but the headset is kind of confusing.  I posted some images from my daughter (the brunette one) showing the "I guess" the correct way to wear the headphones.", 4.0
"Overall, I like this guitar anyways.  Hope this help for the other moms.", 1.0
"My 5 year old daughter got this guitar for Christmas.  She couldn't wait to get the guitar out of the box and start playing it like her daddy does.  She just rocks out on it.  She is constantly asking her daddy to play guitar with her.  They go into music room and rock out together.  The guitar is just a toy, but to a 5 year old whose daddy plays guitar she just loves it anyway.  My 3 year old wants one now so guess I have to go out and get her one for her birthday now.", 1.0
"I have to agree that the mircophone is poor quality.  It will not stay on my daughter's head for anything.  She actually gets it to stay but not the correct way.  She tells me that the Wiggles have one of these and sing into it.", 4.0
"I recently purchased this outdoor playhouse for my 21-month-old daughter.  I found the product online, but was able to get it at Toys R Us for about the price online (and I didn't have to pay shipping).  Overall, it is a great toy.  Seems to be big enough for 2 children to play inside together, but there are other things to do outside and around the playhouse if there are more than 2 children.", 1.0
"One downside is the entrance into the playhouse.  The porch leads into the house but is not level with the ground and leaves a step down which children can easily trip over.  My daughter stumbled the first time she entered the house, but now is aware that she needs to watch her step.", 1.0
"My daughter loves the skylight, mail slot, doorbell, and phone...all big crowd pleasers.  The front bench is very fun and sturdy.  There could be more to play with inside the house, but I guess that what imaginations are for.", 2.0
"The only reason this playhouse did not get 5 stars is because of the safety issue with the front porch leading into the house.  The manufacturers could have thought that idea out a bit better", 4.0
"We just bought this playhouse for our 3 year old daughter.  It is very cute however it is VERY small inside.  I don't think more than one child can fit inside at one time. In fact we had to take out the shelf and the sink just to make enought room to move around. If the toy r us store had not had to take it out of the box to fit it in our SUV we would definatly be taking this back.  I am very disapointed at the size for $300.00.  Think twice before buying this playhouse", 1.0
"We bought this playhouse for our daughter's 2nd B-day. First of all, let me say it is a beautiful playhouse! The door-bell doesn't ring loudly and the play phone rings the same way. It was very easy to build, but it took two people, for holding purposes. The front porch is very roomy but as you enter into the house it's VERY SMALL inside, 30 1/2 wide by 41 1/2 long!!!", 2.0
"Overall, the house is quite large appearing as you view from the outside. The inside is LITTLE. I really can't see two children being able to play in the house part without knocking into each other. I really liked the porch idea but i just didn't realize that it took away sooo much inside the house section. I really like Step2 and we have several of their products but this one will have to go back. Sorry Step2!", 1.0
"I bought this for my 3 children to set up outside in the summer.  I decided to set it up in the dining area instead for now and they haven't come out since.  It was so easy to set up, took me and my spouse less than an hour and looks great.  The bell is cool but not too noisy and the phone is a big hit.   My son likes to park his "car" in the driveway  :-", 5.0
"My granddaughter loves this game.  She is 3 1/2 yrs. old.  It is perfect for her.  I am very pleased", 5.0
"My 3 daughters just love it. It came quickly and it was at a wonderfull price which makes it nice around the holidays.", 5.0
"thanks muc", 2.0
"I bought this game for my four year old.  She now can count backwards and forwards upto twenty with ease.  She loves playing the game all the time and has yet to get bored of it even after 6 months of constant play.  The box is getting a little worn with all her use.  But everything else is holding up great.", 5.0
"The little metal balls and the tips of the colored pieces have all turned color (black spots). It feels gross!! I hope it doesn't have lead in it.", 4.0
"These cases are perfect protectors for a Hot Wheels car.  I recently went through a 10 year old collection and found quite a few treasures in there, so I ordered these to give them some protection.  All cars that I have fit in the cases and they are very sturdy.  My only complaint is that they don't seem to  close completely at the bottom where it hinges, but I don't think that will affect the protection much", 5.0
"My son got this for Christmas.  My husband had to put it together, but it didn't take too long.  It's a really cool toy with lots of fun accessories.  The only complaint I have is... there are many, tiny accessories that are hard to keep up with", 5.0
"My son loves his pirate ship.  He plays with it almost every day.  The only drawback is that he takes the sails off continually.  It would be nice if they were hung higher so they would not be in the way", 5.0
"Playmobil has once again put out an excellent toy.  My 10 year-old was able to follow the directions and assemble the ship easily by herself.  My children ages ranging from 4-12 all love playing "Pirates" together.  This set is great as a stand alone or with other available Playmobil sets.  Made of high-quality durable plastic", 5.0
"My 4YO was very excited to put this together.  It takes a night of an adult and the child to put it together.  He plays with it a lot. I wish it weren't so easy to take it apart, since my kids keep taking the masts off and the sales.  Other characters get to ride the ship and the accessories with people make for more pretend voyages", 5.0
"Both my boys, aged 6 and 3 (the younger being a little under-ag for this toy) simply love this toy. It's robust and is hanging in there so far (about a month into the deluge). There are MANY small parts so my sofa has also been enjoying the toy, but the good news is there are so many parts the boys don't seem to notice when one or two go missing.", 4.0
"My only complaint is that the mechanism for weighing the anchor is a bit lame, but they seem to enjoy "fixing" it each time it pops off the deck.", 4.0
"This is a great pirate ship for young kids.  We bought it for my 5-year-old, who loves it, as does his 3-year old brother.  Lots of details and pirates.  I was looking at this ship, and the more expensive Playmobil pirate ship.  I'm definitely glad I bought this one -- has all the details my boys adore, but a better price tag.  I definitely recommend this as a great toy.  My boys have been playing with their Playmobil toys for a few years -- they are still the toys they play with the most. And, they are so great for their imagination", 4.0
"The Playmobil Pirates sets are perfect for young children with vivid imaginations. This is my 4 year old's favorite toy. We spend countless hours sailing the high seas together. He has selected the 'skeleton' from the Pirate Island set as his own personae and we call him Captain Bones. The ship is very well made and has withstood many dramatic battles against "the bad pirates". The details are what he most enjoys, like the treasure, swords, goblets, lamps and other small items that come with these sets. Whenever I chase down Captain Bones with the shark figure, trying to take a bite of his boney leg, my son laughs with joy. And that makes this set my favorite toy as well: most of the time I am watching him and the smiles rather than the pirate my son has assigned me. You will get months and months of use out of this set", 5.0
"whew! i just put this thing together and i have to say it is THE coolest. it took me probably an hour (only because i am not that good at nautical knots) and i am really impressed with the quality of this toy. the detail is incredible. the price is very affordable, especially considering the quality of this ship.", 5.0
"i was looking for a muti-purpose "pirate ship" and bought this particular ship because of the playmobil name, the great price, and the fact that it floats as well as rolls around on wheels. it's really hard to find bath toys for a five year old.", 4.0
"i can't give you feedback as far as my son (soon to be five) is conserned because it is a bithday gift (now how do i wrap this??). but honestly if he dosent like it; i am apt to keep it for myself!", 5.0
"i plan to buy maybe a castle or the vacation home next. i just hope he lets me play with them once in awhile!!!!", 5.0
"tip: as with most playmobil sets, give yourself an hour or two to assemble them if you would like your child to be able play with them as soon as they get them.", 5.0
"p.s. this toy does come with 5 hand guns. since this is a concern of mine, by putting it together before giving it to him i had the opportunity to toss these before he gets his hands on them. plus, i will tell him the swords and knifes that come with it are for cutting up fish and fruit to keep away scurrvey.", 5.0
"oh yeah, and of course all the treasure that is stolen by the pirates is distributed to the poor!", 5.0
"This is another set you have to have. IM not Super Krazy about the plastic jewelry and instuments and furniture and would rather pay more for better quality accessories but Bratz Is the Best around so I do enjoy it All. Bratz Must Have !!", 5.0
"I was rather alarmed at the parent that stated that their child goes around dressed like a prostitute.  Where's the parent?  Who's in control?  Sounds like this parent needs some therapy.  I'm tired of hearing people blame others or things for the mishaps that are happening in their own backyard and blaming it on someone else's.  Stop!  Get some therapy.  If you raise your child with morals and values, they will have a good root to thrive on.  If you don't, they will grow uncontrolled. If you're having trouble with your little one right now, get some personal help so that you can obtain control ~ before she's 16 and pregnant, running away, or doing drugs.", 5.0
"I've bought my 8 year old Bratz dolls since they came out.  She's never asked to dress like one.  She has around 50 of these dolls.  She plays with them, But is more interested in the Discovery channel, reading, making all A's, and worshiping Jesus.  She's a straight A student that loves to draw and play the piano.  I can not say that I'm perfect, but I spend a lot of time with my little one.  I talk to her about the dangers of strangers and what to do in an emergency situation.  Her dad takes her fishing and I'm a certified swim instructor ~ so I've taught her safety and swim lessons.  If you spend a lot of time with your children, they idolize you....not the TV, not the music they hear, not plastic dolls.....but reality.", 4.0
"Yours Truly,", 4.0
"From East Texas", 4.0
"In this day and age people forget about it is not what your children watch or play with it is what the parents teach them. These toys are fun for children to play. If you are worried about what your kids are doing than keep an eye on them. Talk to them. Spend quality time with them. This is what influences our children most. Make sure and be an active part of their life. Join PTA, take part in school activities. TALK TO YOUR CHILDREN. I love my daughter and if I am involved in her life and go to church with her on sundays then this is the most important thing. Why are people trying to put there opinions on other people instead of putting their opinions upon their children. Quite a cunundrum I know. When we stop concerning ourselves with what other people are doing and thinking the world will be a better place. Our children will have thoughts of their own. Bratz dolls are no threat to our society, just as the books that were burned because society had a problem with it", 4.0
"In response to: They (Bratz) teech kids to act like some gangster that goes around and kills people! The babys wear chains, for goodness sake!!!!!!!"", 5.0
"The reply: Last time I checked, Bratz were dolls. Nothing else. Parents, listen to me. If your parenting skills are so dismal that your kids acts like a doll, then you need counseling, not a ban on Bratz dolls. As a kid, I played with Working Woman Barbie, and if you knew me, you'd know I'm the farthest thing from a coffee-chugging, business-suit-wearing blonde who goes on dates with Ken and thinks "going to work in FUN." Like most people, I developped and continue to develop based on the influences around me and my own personality, not some doll. True, dolls might present some little girls' dreams. They can be used as a marketing ploy as well. But for the most part, Bratz won't turn your kids into short-skirt-wearing, hair-obsessed lolitas. One way or another, your kid will discover MTV and all that is destined to give parents headaches. How your kids turn out is up to you and to them. Dolls are used for fantasies, and if you try to limit your kid's fantasy, then you're creating a "forbidden fruit", which actually encourages rules to be broken! If your kid wants a bratz, buy them a bratz. if the want a Barbie, get 'em a Barbie. Both will end up naked on the bathroom floor. You should be worried if your precious princess wants to play with and undress boys, not dolls.", 5.0
"Finally, Bratz are not gangsters. For all you know, they might be representations of nice girls who just happen to like fashion. Whatever happened to don't judge a book by its cover, hm?", 5.0
"Erm, that is all.", 4.0
"CHOW! And don't touch the sushi.", 5.0
"XOXOXO,", 5.0
"Roxann", 5.0
"bratz mintg not be a good example for growing girls but my mom & sometimes my 15 year old cuz plays w/ them w/ me come on if u hate bratz fine then no one says that u have to.", 4.0
"                      love", 5.0
"                           shelb", 4.0
"Bratz doll are horrilbe for kids. They teech them to act bad and do bad things! I expessailly hated the commercial. I said, " Truble never looked so cute!" How idiodic is that?!? I say SUPER! Ane one more thing, THE COMMERCIAL AND STUFF SAY THAT THERE CUTE!!!!!! But I think that they are BUTT UGLY! tHAE PONYS LOOK LIKE DEFORMED TREES!  Have I got my point across???!!!", 5.0
"                         GOOD! SIGNED,", 5.0
"                         bRaTz HaTeR!", 4.0
"ummmmm bratz dont send out the wrong message ,,,", 1.0
"i've actually watch the ty show before there is nothing wrong with bratz #1 , #2 if you watch the tv show it'll make sense !", 5.0
"and ,#3 bratz babyz do not wear thongs! i got my best friend a bratz babyz and they wear underwear ! thankyou! and you dont have to like the bratz but you dont have to want them to stop making them just because you dont like them.. other people do like them. and thats fine if you dont want your child to play with them but you shouldnt  hate them just because of that ... and i know a lot of people who play with them and there the nicest people ever! it isnt the doll who makes kids be mean, it's the bad games and movies", 1.0
"Here I thought I was buying a toy for my 2 year old, but I don't know who loves it more, him or my 6 year old. It's sturdy, fun, the batteries last quite a while, a really good buy", 4.0
"I wrote this review for another product by the same company and the same applies for this: We purchased the item hoping that it would be of reasonable size, meaning the food would be closer to "real" size rather than miniature. It was. We also hoped it would be made well and stand up to hopefully more than one generation of use. That remains to be seen, but the stuff is made well and I cannot see it breaking unless you deep-freeze the plastic pieces and hit them with a hammer. Nice texture, nice flexibility, pretty realistic looks. The child it was intended for (age 4 and a bit) plays happily with it, even the older boys (10 and 13) have had a few moments of goofy fun with it", 1.0
"This cute little set is not only sturdy and realistic, it was also a wonderful introduction to preparing food for our 3 year old daughter.  Ever since her Grandpa bought this for her, she's made everything from a cheese sandwhich to a triple decker salami club!  She had so much fun playing with this toy, that she started to become interested in how I prepared meals.  She now is very eager to spread peanut butter and jam, layer turkey and cheese and help mix cake batter.  Set comes with cute red basket and 13 pieces of sandwich.  A very cute gift to give a girl or boy", 4.0
"Purchase this item as a birthday gift for my son and he was ecstatic", 4.0
"My son got this for his 3rd birthday, and since then I think he's tried the skating maybe 4 times in the past 8 months. He likes wearing the helmet, knee and wrist guards, but the skates are hard to put on. He's pretty agile, but I think this might be more appropriate for a 4 year old or older child. Also, the helmet is not approved for bike riding, which is something to keep in mind", 2.0
"I bought these skates for my son when he was leaning to skate..They come with everything u need to be safe while learning..knee and elbow pads, and a helmet...All your child will need is your hand then he will be on the go", 5.0
"1. Samples sound awful and out of tune", 5.0
"2. Volume resets to ear-splitting level upon powercycle", 5.0
"3. Sample tunes sound awful and out of tun", 5.0
"We got this swing to replace my daughter's baby swing for her 3rd birthday.  It is perfect for her.  She has a difficult time getting on herself but in time she will grow.  She feels like a big kid now.  The swing is very durable and reasonably priced", 4.0
"Unfortunately I am very disappointed in the swing seat I bought for my 3 year old son. Since it only has one string (it is actually more like a string than a rope) holding the seat, it is really unstable and my son has a hard time swinging. I have to push him since he is not that advanced yet to doing it on his own and therefore the whole thing always goes crooked or he leans too much backwards or forwards which is not his fault, it is just really hard to balancethe swing seat on one string. Therefore, I don't think that I would buy that swing seat again. Next time I will buy one that has for sure two ropes holding on to it.", 5.0
"My 2 1/2 year old tried to used this swing yesterday for the first time.  She immediately flipped backwards.  For some reason it's very  hard for her to balance herself on this seat", 4.0
"this came standard with the little tikes swingset(wich is a great buy) I t is a very sturdy swing but I would say it is for ages four and up because my daughter who is a very light-weight three year old little thing often slips off the plastic swing I would  highly recommend this for an older chil", 4.0
"This friendship wheel is so awesome . Its so easy its like your not doing it at all", 4.0
"The perfect gift for someone who is into crafts and has some patienc", 5.0
"I bought one of these for myself (just for fun) but the two wheels were quickly taken over by my 6 and 9 year old kids.  There is only one set of four motions required to make all the brackets (the pattern is set by the initial ordering of the threads, and the wheels are color-coded to help you set up 4 different, very cute patterns: hearts, flowers, diamonds, and a four color barber-pole stripe)  With a little tutoring even my 6-year old was able to produce bracelets as long as I was there to provide the occasional reminder.  The bracelets take a while to produce so the child you purchase this for should have a good attention span, but the end product is very nice.  I'm buying one for my little girl's friend.  I hope she likes it as well as my kids do.  Now I just need to get another for me", 5.0
"My 15 year old daughter and her friends had fun making and selling these bracelets. We even made up a pattern of our own. it's fun working with all the different color combintions", 5.0
"We purchased this for our nephew for Christmas, and boy did it creat a stir! Our family has 5 boys under the age of 8 and every one of them wanted it (as did Grandmom). Blake now uses it for a nightlight and couldn't be happier. The product is well put together (I was worried it might be cheap plastic and cheesey looking). I guess now I have to get 4 more for birthdays this year", 5.0
"In truth, Raider's Tower really brings nothing new to the Megabloks Dragons line (other than the new faction, the Iron Raiders). All the figures and dragons are repaints, and no new pieces are included, as far as I can see. That said, it still is way better than the newest line, The Metal Ages, whose constructions and pieces are mostly useless for making your own creations, and whose figures come in much smaller amounts per kit (the largest comes with only 6, much less than older kits like Dragair castle). The older kits like the Iron Raiders are simpler, yet they come with many more pieces, more figures, and a whole lot more playability, as you will see in my review.", 5.0
"First of all, the kit comes in a large metal tin, perfect for transporting the pieces elsewhere. When I opened the tin, I was surprised to find many more plastic bags than I had expected to find. Opening all of them took a few minutes, but I soon had all the pieces layed out, and started to build.", 5.0
"As I had expected (I've had other unenjoyable builds with Megabloks kits) the construction process was not nearly as fun as a standard lego kit. It often took a lot of effort to snap the pieces together, and once, I even had to take down part of the assembly to fix a mistake, due to the sometimes unclear instructions. Still, the tower came together without too much hassle, as did everything else in the kit.", 5.0
"Once completed, though, the tower is something to gaze on. The construction and detail of the pieces is excellent, and the tower as a whole is really good looking. I especially like the bridge that leads to the tower and the little details like the torches and dragons heads. The interior is a whole different story, however, as it is virtually non existent. This came as a downer to me, as I had hoped for something more than just a ladder and trapdoor. The good thing is that Megabloks is compatible with Legos, so you can easily create your own interior! (I added a table with food and chairs, a throne, and some weapons racks.)", 5.0
"Dragons are, of course, included, since this is a fairly large kit. A red dragon named Ignistrafe and a monster named Grovel can be found in this kit, both which need assembly. The pieces are, once again, often hard to snap on, but once together, don't break off very easily. The dragon is very detailed, painted in over 6 different colors, as is the monster. They both are great for display, and since they both have features (the dragons wings flap and his claw can pick up minifigures, the monster's jaws snap shut when opened), they are great for playing with as well.", 5.0
"The minifigures are also well detailed, although they have fewer colors than the dragons. The kit comes with 10, 6 Iron Raiders and 4 Draigar warriors, enough to have a good battle with this kit alone. They, however, are simply repaints of Dragair, Norvagen, and Vorgan minifigures, all which came from the previous series, the Krystal wars. Their fingers are also fairly fragile, and 2 of my figures can only hold weapons or shields in one of their hands now. One other thing: while the Iron Raiders came apart easily, the Draigar warriors seem to be glued together, although their joints still move.", 4.0
"The other things included are a catapult, a harpoon launcher of some sort, 2 horses, and a large selection of weapons and shields. The weapons come in all sort of shapes, and clubs, swords, and axes make up most of them.", 5.0
"Now, one of the most important parts of a kit is the pieces, and this kit aces that area! Pieces include basic corner and triangle castle walls, rocks and rock walls, ladders, dragons heads, torches, 2 stone arches, stairs, a few basic bricks, lots of baseplates, and a flag and pole. Everything needed to make a castle, bridge, or some other medieval structure is here, making the kit a great parts and building pack. There is also a crystal, which, when inserted into a holder, lights up and flashes. The effect is neat, and you can also plug it into the red dragon's saddle to have the same thing happen.", 4.0
"The last thing I will be judging this kit on is playability, and even here, the kit does well. You can have great battles with all the things included, and young kids will love the features like the catapult and trap door. Since the kit and figures can also be disassembled, you can simulate battle damage as you play, knocking off walls or torches while playing.", 5.0
"Overall, I think the kit is definitely worth it. I would not recommend it to someone under 6, due to the difficulty of construction, but anyone over that age who loves Legos and Megabloks will love this kit. Even someone who is new to building sets will appreciate the large amount of figures and playability, although I still would recommend a Lego set over this. I leave you with this final thought: I used to consider Megabloks of poor quality, but after buying this kit, I have changed my mind.", 4.0
"The main reason why I purchased this set was because of the red dragon. There are very few red dragons released in the Dragons building toy lines and it's bright color drew me in. I had no idea that the toy was encased in a metal tin, which is a terrific convenience for storage.", 5.0
"Many of the other pieces are repaints from previous Dragons collections, but I had never been able to purchase them in time because Mega Bloks only has one production run of any set. The arches and staircase really make this piece stand out viewing from the front, but the back is really forgetable. The catapult as a siege weapon and the bonus winged beast (at the moment I cannot remember what they are called) were nice touches.", 5.0
"Over all I would say that it would be a fabulous starter set for anyone getting into Dragons", 4.0
"We love this train table and the train set that it comes with.  It has everything you need for hours of fun.  This was a Christmas gift for our 21 month old and he literally spent all of his free time (when we weren't eating or opening other presents) Christmas day playing with this table.  And so far it has proven to be very durable.  We know this because now my son loves to do nothing more than to sit or try and stand on this table to play.", 5.0
"The 3 bins that store underneath are wonderful.  They are large and make for very easy clean up at the end of the day.  We highly recommend this train table!", 5.0
"What little boy or girl doesn't love trains? I have a 5 year old girl and a 1 year old boy and every time we go to one of those stores with a train set like this one out for the kids to try I always have a hard time dragging my kids away. Well, now my kids can play with a train set as long as they want!", 5.0
"This set comes with the perfect amount of trains, cars, and track for several kids to play at once and keep one kid entertained for hours.", 1.0
"My kids are also fond of Thomas the Train whose vehicles are fully compatible.", 4.0
"The table is very sturdy while the 120 piece train set is also well made and you cannot beat the price which I would have been willing to spend just for the table alone.", 5.0
"I would highly recommend this set to anyone whose kids like trains or have had to be pried away from an in store display", 5.0
"It even works with wiffle balls! I bought a 4 pack at the dollar store. Their weight is much lighter than the foam balls it comes with so you'll have to adjust the angle and test the distance of the base/hitter first. The only problem is using the wiffle's when it's windy, the wind picks it up quickly so we use the original balls on windy days", 4.0
"and his Dad.  He loves it and it's good practice for his T-ball team playing.  I ordered 3 extra balls from Mattel when I ordered it so they could do more hitting time and less chasing after the balls.  It was easy to assemble", 5.0
"My nephew has one of these and we all love to play with it so I had to get one for my son. He's almost 2 and he loves hitting the ball like a big boy.", 5.0
"I bought this for my son for his 6th birthday. He LOVES it!! I like how it has the 3 different ways to hit. He played t-ball this summer and is getting ready for pitching machine so this is great", 5.0
"My son who is 5 is interested  in learning baseball so we decided to try this for the pitching aspect. He had a tee-ball set but needed to move up to the next level. This is exactly what we needed. Instead of pitching the ball to him, which I'm not too good at, I now can help him with his form and the machine does all the pitching perfectly. It also has been a help with his catching. He stands in front of the machine with his glove and catches the balls as they pop out. I recommend this as an introduction to anyone interested in baseball", 5.0
"We purchased this for our 3 year old son and he loves it.  He is won'ting to play ball really bad, so we purchased this set for him.  It seems to be made really well. Would love some extra balls. We like how it gives you several different ways to use it.  It's a great deal for the money", 5.0
"I just wanted to post that if you need extra balls all you have to do is call Fisher-Price and give them the Product Number and you can purchase the balls right from them.", 5.0
"And here's all the information:", 5.0
"Fisher-Price - 800-432-5437", 5.0
"Product Number - B6312", 5.0
"They come in sets of 3", 5.0
"I guess my husband like the toy as much as my 3y son. They play together all the time. Highly recommended for father-son bonding.", 5.0
"We got this toy for my son's 3rd birthday and he loves it. It works great and seems functional, not a piece of junk! I only wish they gave you more than 3 balls so I don't have to chase them!", 4.0
"This toy is a lot of fun but the peices fall out of the truck very easily and don't stay in while the truck gets pushed around.  The lights and buttons are very exciting anhd my son loves the dog", 2.0
"My son received this when he was 12 months old and played with it right away.  I agree that the figures do fall over a lot, but they are the perfect size for small hands to play with.  Instead of using them in the fire truck, my son plays with Elmo, Big Bird, and the dog by themselves.  The sound of the voices and the volume of the buttons on the fire truck really draw my now 20 month old son to this toy.  This toy is a hit at our house", 2.0
"I purchased this toy for my 1 year old. My son likes the sound effects. Beep Beep! Sirens, &quot;have a bone puppy&quot;, don't forget your safety gear, raise up the ladder...&quot; The only problem is the characters fall out of the driver's seat. This upsets him a bit. Other than that he's happy with it. By the way, it's very loud and has no volume control, so you better hide it when someone's napping", 5.0
"My son loves it.  The lights, sounds, and Elmo and Big Bird talking to him.  The figures could have been better made.  Moms and dads, its noisy", 5.0
"Great for sticking to the high chair try to entertain your child while you make her dinner!", 5.0
"Trhyme is a fun word game where you are given three desriptive phrases, and you have to come up with 3 words that all ryhme.  It is more challenging that I thought.  It is easy to get on the wrong track where you can come up with two of the words, but not the third because the correct answer is a totally different rhyming scheme!  I recommend this as a great family and friends Game Night game", 5.0
"What a great new idea for a game!  We played Trhyme with our neighbors and their friends the other night and had a wild time!  We played the guys against the girls.  There was a lot of laughter, a lot of fun, and a lot of friendly competition.  By the way, unbelievably, the guys squeaked out a victory.  The stage is set for a rematch.  We can't wait", 5.0
"My friends and I played Trhyme and we had a blast.  My aunt bought the game for my birthday because she heard me talking about it.  My English teacher puts up a new Trhyme clue every day and we can't wait to guess the clue.  Playing the game was different than just seeing the game clues in class.  It got very competitive when we played the game because of the time limit.  I'll definitely play it again with my friends, and I can't wait to play it on Thanksgiving with the adults.  I think I'll beat them", 4.0
"I bought this particular version of Pictionary because we had been playing with the same version for many years, so I felt it was time for an upgrade with new materials, new items to draw, ect. The first thing I liked about this version was the more portable box, which is no more than 9 inches long. The previous version I had was about 24 inches long and a major eye soar. Of course, presentation isn't everything.", 5.0
"I got it home, opened the box, and was so pleased to find a more than adequate supply of paper tablets to write on and pencils. Also, the board has been shrunk just slightly for portability. The cards now include 20 Phrase Cards, which state phrases instead of objects. Also, there is now the option for there to be more than 2 teams (5 if I am remembering correctly). The quality of the game seems to have increased remarkably.", 5.0
"Having said all that, the only major thing I dislike is that the game, while it says it is for 3 or more players, is extremely unenjoyable without 4 players. Sometimes, one wants to play Pictionary because it is a very addicting game for kids, teens, and adults, but 3-person-Pictionary is a lame use for such a well-thought game.", 5.0
"I highly suggest buying this game. If you don't use it on a daily basis, it's a terrific addition to parties and family get-togethers--almost a necessity. Kids love it because it allows you to draw what you get on your card, but since they are children, sometimes they don't know what the object on the card is; however, Pictionary is a necessary addition to any household", 5.0
"My 7 year old got this for Christmas this year.  I put it together, got every thing loaded.  She was right on top of me...couldn't wait....anxiously waiting...are you done yet are you done yet....everything was set to go....she turns the crank...out comes a couple stickers....She looks up at me..."ehhh is that it?"", 5.0
"we put it back in the box and now it goes to Goodwill.", 5.0
"My daughter said...I have lots of stickers that aren't so much trouble", 5.0
"We bought this toy for my little neice for Christmas - what a let down! The toy looks easy enough to put together on both the instruction sheet and the photo on the box but in reality this thing is very confusing and nearly impossible! The slots to insert the sticker back and the clear plastic are so tiny - we used tweezers and still could barely do it! Once you think you've figured out how to get the paper and stickers and plastic together, you've used half of each roll and there are not additional rolls included, nor can you buy them separately! There is an internal piece that just doesn't fit once the stickers were in place - this toy is ridiculous. It is such a cute idea, but three adults spent over an hour trying to put it together and we finally gave up. Such a disappointment to a litle girl on Christmas morning!!!", 5.0
"My 5yo daughter received the Polly Pocket sticker maker as a Hanukkah gift from a beloved friend of the family, thus I feel terrible writing such a bad review on this product because the gesture was so kind. Generous gift aside though, the product SUCKS!!! Seriously, no matter what anyone might tell you otherwise, DO NOT buy this product. First, it is nearly impossible to put together and the directions are not comprehensible. I was shocked that I actually got it together (it took me about 30 minutes although there are very few parts), but sure enough, as soon as I did, my daughter made one or two stickers and the whole thing just jammed up and broke completely. Believe me - there was NO WAY to fix it. I threw the whole thing in the garbage. She was really sad about it, but believe me, I had no other choice. Had it not been a gift (I had no gift receipt) I would have returned it for a full refund. Please do not make the same mistake as my very well-intentioned friend who bought this product for my child. Avoid it. It is NOT worth your money", 5.0
"We have had two of these things and both are nothing but junk!  That they charge $20 for it is a crime!  It gets jammed with every turn and it only increases the waste of stickers and tape.  Don't spend a precious dime on this piece of junk toy", 2.0
"My children enjoyed painting the 3 puppies.  They were excited that there was many different colors on the paint palette.  The paint dried really quick; so they were able to but details on the puppies.  I liked the fact it was easy clean up, little supervision and kept them busy for a while.  After they completed the painting of the puppies they chose to play with them.  The kit came with many creative options(ie. magnets, ornamentsand window decorations). The kit included all these items. It even included varnish for a shiny finish.  Which will look nice hanging on my Christmas tree.", 4.0
"Was disappointed that the puppies were basically chunks of wood faintly resembling dogs...thought they might have more detail or finishing. Would probably pass had I known...", 5.0
"My son is 5 years old and a big fan of pirates toys. When I saw the box I was extremely impressed with the display. The box advised that the toy was for kids 6 and older.", 4.0
"The ship is a "Lego" type structure requiring some assembly. As I have had prior experience assembling Lego models I felt I was up to the task. What I did learn is this definitely isn't the same quality as a Lego product as the pieces would not lock together. Upon assembling the main structure, the pieces would snap out of place with out warning.", 5.0
"After about 20 minutes of stress trying to keep the structure intact during the assembly process, I decided it was time to take a break. Returned 20 minutes later, and the portion of the structure that I was able to lock the pieces together had again started to fall-apart.", 5.0
"I proceeded to shove the pieces back in the box and rush it back to the department store for a refund.", 5.0
"Maybe I have the patience of a 6 year old, but I can't see my 5 year old enjoying playing with a toy which collapses when moved.", 5.0
"Pros:", 5.0
"Box and packaging is impressive.", 4.0
"The look and feel of the pieces is very detailed", 4.0
"Cons", 5.0
"Instructions could be clearer. Although the Lego concept isn't difficult, a lot of trial and error is required.", 4.0
"Quality control is not what I'm used to.", 5.0
"Son never had a chance to play with this item as it was never assembled.", 5.0
"I replaced it with the playmobil pirate ship and my son has really enjoyed playing with this product", 4.0
"This xylophone kept my then just 8 month old entertained for over 4 hours straight, with only one break to nurse. A month later it is still her favorite toy.", 4.0
"This is a very cute train that my 4 yr old just loves. It is a sturdy wooden train and is played with frequently", 5.0
"My son loves this piece! Of course he loves all the pieces!!", 4.0
"Sturdy puzzle promising hours of fun for a young car lover", 5.0
"And to me this means that my son loves to play with this puzzle.  He likes all of his Melissa and Doug Chunky Puzzles.  This one isn't his favorite but as he becomes older (is 16 months now) and more interested in vehicles, this one does capture his attention more.  His all time favorite is still the Pets one and I can NEVER find the black and white cat because he carries it around everywhere", 5.0
"If you're buying Melissa & Doug puzzles these are the best, the big chunky pieces are perfect for the kids to hold.  Just keep in mind, if you're trying to fit them in a "Melissa & Doug" puzzle holder, they don't fit b/c their pieces are so chunky", 4.0
"I found this puzzle to be really well made and my son (2 last November) really likes it.  It has thicker pieces than most wooden-like puzzles and the colors are great too", 5.0
"We purchased this puzzle for our son when he was 1 year old.  Now, one year later, he still enjoys playing with it.", 5.0
"This is such a wonderful starter puzzle because it teaches little ones that pieces can only fit one way.  This seems so basic, but it lets them have early success, which builds confidence for doing more advanced puzzles later.  Also, the chunky wood pieces are easy for small hands to recognize, remove, grasp, and manipulate.", 5.0
"This puzzle is not challenging for our son anymore, but he really likes talking about all the vehicles, the sounds they make, etc.", 4.0
"Like all Melissa & Doug toys, this puzzle is very well-made.  One bonus about this company is if you lose or break a piece, they'll replace it, usually with no additional charge.  That's quality service!", 1.0
"I really do not understand this at all.  This toy falls apart every time the door opens.  I get so sick of my daughter coming to me asking me to put it back together that I finally just put it away. One thing is, it's easy to store, when it's all taken apart", 5.0
"This toy seems to hold my 4 yr old's intertest well, but it is not very durable at all.  It kept falling apart so I actually bought some model glue and glued all the parts together.  Now you can't open it up, but I no longer have a teary eyed little girl coming to me with the pieces in her hands.", 4.0
"This toys looks cute until you get it out of the box and try to put together. I paid $5.29 with free shipping - at least I got Honey Pie pony with it. This is the only item that is worth buying! The rest of the stable - cheaply made, thin plastic pieces that don't stay together. Please, read the comments - so many people can not be all wrong! Cheply made! Shame", 5.0
"We too are disappointed with this toy.  Ours didn't make it 2 weeks without breaking.  The toys are so cheaply made these days for the price.  The horse was the only good item in the box", 5.0
"Stop !  This may look cute, but any amount of playing (even breathing on it) will cause it to fall apart.  This toy did not last a month in our house.  It never stayed together, and on top of that it comes with about 20 teeny tine "grooming pieces" (not kidding, most a smaller than a dime) Definitely a major disappointment for my daughters who love strawberry shortcake and horses", 5.0
"Boy was this a piece of junk. The minute you place your finger on the stable it come tumbling down. Nothing stays together. The horse is about the only thing that is durable. Thank God I only spent $9.00 on it and not $20.00. Save yourself money and time and do not buy this toy. I bought 4 Strawberry Shortcake toys this Christma and out of the four...two of them I am returning. This on and the Strawberry Castle. Nothing stays together on that either", 1.0
"My 3 year-old loves it!  It is the most realistic toy trumpet that I've come across, but it is still a toy.  We have had it for about a month and one of the keys no longer plays.  It is still good buy, though, and it is a great alternative to other toy trumpets that don't play like real musical instruments.  Overall, I am very happy with this purchase!", 2.0
"The toy trumpet is beautifully made.  My Granddaughter is happy with it, however there is no instruction on how to play different songs.  There are four colored buttons on the trumpet but no songs to play and we can't seem to contact the company who makes it", 5.0
"The child playing this trumpet must really blow air into it and press the keys to get it to play music.  This is so refreshing, since a lot of "musical instruments" for kids now are all battery powered musicboxes that don't require any skill or give any sense of accomplishment when played.  Bravo to the company who makes this", 5.0
"I'll admit I bought this for my 4 year old who not only blows into it but throws it and bangs it agaisnt the TV.  So although he wanted it I probably should've waited a few years to show him just how cool the trumpet is.", 4.0
"I think kids who show signs of interest in music will enjoy it.  It actually sounds like a harmonica but what do you expect for $14.  Still, the valves do work and produce different notes so that's really the point to it.  Getting them familiar with how an instrument works.  They even have a musical pieces on the back of the box with color coded notes so your young Dizzy Gilepsie and can follow along.", 5.0
"Aw go ahead a grab it, why not?", 4.0
"My son Miles approves of this message.", 5.0
"P.T.", 5.0
"Texa", 5.0
"Gamewright has this way of taking an old standard- in this case slapjack- adding a couple minor improvements, and turning it into something that seems so much more.  My 5 year old daughter loves this.  I would reccommend this for 5-7 year olds... not so much for older kids.  I think beyond a certain age this game will lose a little of it's luster (Gamewright are masters at grabbing kids' attentions with fun visuals)  and certainly any developmental benefit.", 5.0
"Chomp is a fast card game that works best with three or more players but still has several variations for use with two players.  The object is simple, get all of the cards.  This is done by simulating the food chain in the ocean and being very quick to recognize cards and react faster than the other players.  The chain is represented by plankton, shrimp, small fish, large fish, seals, and sharks.  There are also electric eels and octopus ink that add some twists.", 1.0
"After the cards are evenly distributed among the players, they all reveal their top card simultaneously.  This card represents them in the food chain.  The object is to be the first player to slap their hand on the lowest link and yell "chomp!"  That player gets to collect the cards played.  There are penalties for chomping when you shouldn't or chomp the wrong thing.  The player who is the lowest in the hand can't chomp anything.", 5.0
"If an octopus comes into play, its ink keeps everyone from getting eaten.  These cards are held to the side and included in the next hand's winnings.  If an electric eel is played, it starts a feeding frenzy (even if there is an octopus).  The first player to slap the eel and yell "Feeding frenzy!" wins the hand.  Play continues until there are only two players left with cards.  The game can them be resolved in one of three ways.", 4.0
"Although this award-winning game is rated for ages six and up, my not-quite-four-year-old really enjoys playing and is able to hold his own.  Check it out", 5.0
"We love the Gamewright games in our family.  I love the educational aspect of the games they make.  Chomp is a fun way for kids to get a feel for what happens in the food chain as they get to "chomp" animals further down the chain.", 4.0
"Lots of fun and easy to play even for young children", 4.0
"What a fun toy.  Even the adults can get involved in play.", 5.0
"Well I bought this for my mother-in-law who is hooked on Su Doku.  I bought it just as a small token.  The price was cheap and I thought why not?", 4.0
"Well it is hard to see the screen.  It is also a bit impractical in that if you realise that you got a number wrong 20 turns ago, you have to go and delete all the 20 turns you just spent time doing to get to it and amend it.", 5.0
"The price was cheap, so I was not expecting anything fancy but to be honest I was disappointed with it.", 5.0
"When I realise that I have gotten a number wrong I do not bother trying to find it, I just start a new game.  But the fact that is is so hard to see the screen and find the curser is very annoying and in fact no one even bothers using it now.  We just print out the sheets from the web and do it the old fashoned way with pen and paper on a clipboard.", 5.0
"As I said, no harm done, it was a cheap thing anyhow", 4.0
"Lots of features. Has everything I wanted in an electronic Sudoku. I find one bad thing about this model-----numbers are small", 4.0
"We are really enjoying the game.  The puzzles are well done and the board is easy to see.  Our only complaint is that it is difficult to figure out the operations and the cursor can be tough to spot.", 5.0
"The screen, buttons, and cursor are so small that you have to have very good eyesight and small fingers. It gave me eyestrain and a headache each time I played it. After using it twice, I gave it away. I prefer the puzzles in magazines, etc", 2.0
"it a fun addictive game, but this hand held version is a little difficult to control and doesn't always sense when u push the buttons", 5.0
"I am obsessed with sudoku. I found this screen to be a little small and I need the option to enter the small numbers for the different possibilities in each square which this one doesn't have. I let the kids play with it. I still use the newspaper", 5.0
"I was excited to see that there was an electronic hand held version of the Sudoku puzzle. I found the numbers to be rather small and finding where your curser is can be hard at times so I make sure I always leave it off in an empty space.  The navigation arrows are a little touchy. You have to be pressing in the right place or sometimes you may think you are going left and the curser is going down.", 5.0
"I enjoy having it and use it often but I am almost thinking I would rather have the paper version as this one doesn't allow you to make mistakes. For instance if you have a 6 already in that row and you try to put one somwhere else in that row it won't let you and part of the challenge is making mistakes that messes the whole puzzle up if not caught on time", 5.0
"I've read a bunch of reviews for "spin arts" and many were not good. I took my chances on this one and it's great...the kids love it! It has plenty of power so that the paint spins well and creates cool designs. My only gripe would be that there's just not enough paint! We'll go looking for refills, shouldn't be too hard to find", 5.0
"What a great game!!  We love to play as a family, but it is also a game that my children,ages 11 and 9, can play together.  We were looking for a fun board game to get a break from the electronic world of games.  This was a great choice.", 5.0
"We have been Sequence players for years so were a bit leery about a Dice version. WE LOVE IT! It's Sequence, only faster with quicker turn-abouts. Wish we had found it earlier. A plus is that it packs very easily. A great all around game", 5.0
"This has got to be one of the best games I have ever played with all ages.  Think you're winning? Think again. The next roll could change everything.  It's fast fun, a quick game with no mess. One big plus is that the dice help younger children to add quickly.", 5.0
"Sequence Dice is a version of the Sequence Card game.  Instead of using cards to control where a player puts his/her chips, you use a pair of dice.  If you are looking for a quick version of the original game, then this game is for you", 5.0
"This game has brought our family hours of enjoyment. My husband and I and our 8 and 9 year old boys can play this game for hours. We have also had groups of friends over for evening fun", 5.0
"I bought this for my seven year old boys for Christmas and they played with it all day.  They prefered this over their new air hockey table and electric guitars.  It has been a few weeks and they still love it.  Great Toy and Lots of Fun.", 4.0
"My wife bought this for her 7 year old nephew.  All of the kids played with it on Thanksgiving Day for a few hours.  Squirting camera, false teeth, whoopee cushion and hand buzzer. How could kids not get a kick out of these items. It actually took the kids' attention off of television for a few hours.  You could probably get all of the items cheaper in one of those toy stores that sell these items individually but it is nice to get them in one box. We are getting one for this Christmas", 5.0
"My nine month old was so thrilled to receive this doll. She squeals with delight whenever she sees her. Flower is just the right size, not too heavy for baby to pick up, but big enough to hug, kiss, and cuddle. Sure to become a favorite toy", 4.0
"I ordered this gift for my 6 year old grandson... an avid Star Wars / legos fan, by the way.  Since he already has most of the SW toys, I took a leap of faith and purchased the Caribbean 2: Flying Dutchman.  It was the hit of the day!  He loved it- the size and ease of assembling the blocks was the key.  And, his parents were happy it didn't fall apart with play.  Amazon was very prompt in sending the gift.  Thank you very much", 5.0
"Silly me did not but the board so all my sibs have is the game pieces.", 2.0
"Great gam", 4.0
"I gave this to my son for his 6th birthday, and it was a big hit with him and some friends who stayed late after his birthday party.  They all hated to quit playing when it was time to go home!  Like the other reviewer said, it was the first thing my son wanted to do when he got up the next morning.  He even likes to play it alone.  It spans across such a variety of subjects.  My son is homeschooled and is advanced in math and reading, but he's on grade-level for other subjects, so there was still plenty to challenge him in this game.  Some of the adults who were observing the kids playing this game said they even learned some things themselves!  It is truly a great and FUN educational tool, and it's a nice supplement for any homeschool family to enjoy, as well.  Because the game includes random rewards and punishments, like losing one of your completed "windows," it helps to balance out when an adult and child are playing together.  It makes it still possible for the child to beat the adult.  That's a great characteristic of this game.  I highly recommend this for everyone.  I also purchased the regular Mind Wars game for older kids so I could put it up for future use.  At $6.98, this game is an absolute steal", 4.0
"I gave this to my 6 year old on her "gotcha day" and she plays with it daily.  She prefers to play with me and not alone, but it's a great game.  Next year I'm likely to go the next level for her. I highly recommend this as a great game", 5.0
"We bought this for my 6 yr old daughter who will be starting 1st grade in the fall and she loves it, whether she plays by herself or she challenges someone, it's GREAT, I'd recommend it to everyone.", 5.0
"Only 1 bad thing, when you have the leap pade storage case, there's really not a place to keep this, so we've ended up keeping box (which is very slim) to keep it in", 5.0
"Got this for my 7 yr old daughter and she loves it.  We played it for hours the day it came in.  The next morning she ran into my room saying, "Can we play the mind wars game, please?"  I went ahead and ordered the next Mind Wars game for older kids.  It is so easy to set up and when I'm busy, she can play it alone.  It teaches in such a way that the child doesn't even realize how much they are learning-LOVE IT.", 5.0
"What a great game -- My 6-year old twin girls received this for Christmas.  One can play alone against the Leap Pad or they can play against each other.  The questions get a little more difficult as they answer correctly. They're building on what they learned in school and they're having so much fun they don't realize they're learning something new.  I'll have to get the older kid version in a year or two", 5.0
"My 7 and 6 year old LOVE their new game, mind wars junior.  It is like trivial pursuit in different subject areas, like language, math, physical science, life science and social studies...to give you an idea, it has questions dealing with various subjects, like Christopher Columbus, gases, elements, Antartica, Martin Luther King Jr. and lots more.... My kids didn't want to stop playing it is very easy to hook up, all you do is plug it in your system set the board on the leap pad, turn it on and play... It is very EASY to understand and they even have a repeat button, and volume control on the game, all the kids have to do, is go around as many spaces as the game tells them after they push the button, then they answer various questions, and first one to close all 5 subject windows wins! There is multiple choice, and also true and false questions...lots of fun! :) Very happy with this item! Keep up the awesome work leap frog! I loved watching them play... I give this a DEFINATE 5 star rating!  Next, I will have to get the one for older kids....3rd grade up...", 4.0
"My daughter was absolutely thrilled to receive this stamp set as a gift. She likes the realistic look of the horses and their scenery. I have to say that I also prefer the idea of her creating projects with realistic horses and not "pretty ponies". The stamps work well, though the stamp pad included is a little small. We have many other Melissa and Doug products in our home, and they tend to be very durable. I'm pleased with both the quality and the price", 5.0
"We bought this for our daughter's 6th birthday along with some of the horse coloring books on the site. It is a great stamp set and my daughter loves it. She wants to make cards and use the horses to stamp the front! What a great idea!", 5.0
"I had been debating on whether or not to get the deluxe or original and I saw this review on [...].  "The game is excellent, but unless there is some reason you cannot deal with the smaller pieces in the standard version, there is no real reason to get the deluxe." So if you had the same question, this may help.", 4.0
"I have to say this game is addictive to adults and children.  Great game to allow Children to think ahead and plan out steps.  Also great game WITHOUT batteries!  Hard to find something that kids want to play that doesn't beep or talk to them", 4.0
"What can I say the title says it all.  Even my 10 yo nephews, who weren't so sure at first, can't put it down", 4.0
"This dog is very large for a TY animal.  The fur is extremely soft.  Very good product for the sale price", 1.0
"I received this dog in the mail as a gift a few days ago, and I loooooooove it. The size of a real St. Bernard puppy (haha not that it matters). Big enough to hug and has the softest fur. And also a great pillow. Now I have one friend. :)", 5.0
"(The one thing is that they look sad. So maybe not the best present for someone who is depressed. Unless they want someone who'll cry along with them.)", 5.0
"Enjoy", 5.0
"This product was exactly as described and arrived several days sooner than promised.  I am very pleased with my transaction", 4.0
"My son loves his cap gun and these ring-caps are great. Good quality caps with little or no misfires. Twelve shot ring-caps are not an easy thing to find, I'm glad I found these", 5.0
"My son is a HUGE Thomas fan and his Godmother got this game for him for his 5th birthday.  He just won't stop plaing it.  I have to drag him out the door", 5.0
"The other reviewer did a fine job of summarizing many of the features of this game cartridge.  What they didn't mention was that the graphics are terrible.  The pixelation is so bad that if you didn't already know the engines that you might not be able to recognize them. [For example, there is a station labeled Tidmouth *something*.  Neither my husband nor myself can make out what the second word is.]", 5.0
"That said, knowing how Thomas fans are, nothing we've said will keep you from purchasing this cartridge because your child, like my 3.5 year-old son, will probably like it regardless of how lame it is.  So let me tell you more...", 5.0
"There are four areas: Learning zone, Learning Adventure, Engine Depot and Options (music on or off).", 5.0
"In the *Learning Adventure* area you help Thomas and the rest of the Steamies do their jobs.  Children are supposed to learn about Letters, Object Identification, Colors and Counting.  [Four games and Four subjects.]", 5.0
"In general, all games require the joystick.  Most games have some sort of obstacles, but on easy level hitting obstacles doesn't end play.", 5.0
"*Learning Adventure* zone:", 5.0
"Calling All Engines - drive Thomas and pickup letters to spell a name.", 2.0
"----  Bonus Game - drive through a cave and collect coins before you time out", 4.0
"Flying to the Rescue -  fly Harold to the hospital and other locations using a map in the upper left hand corner to figure out where you are.  (object identification)", 4.0
"Cargo Catch-up - fly Harold and drop cargo into freight cars of same color", 4.0
"Bertie Beats the clock - Bertie needs to get children to various stations.  When at the station, you are supposed to count the children getting off.", 2.0
"----also in this section `Take a Break' - counting/matching/odd one out", 2.0
"*Learning* zone:", 1.0
"In the *Learning Zone* there are four games which focus on different skills.  Children are supposed to be able to learn about Size Sorting, Classification, Counting and Puzzles.", 1.0
"Size Sorting - use Percy to sort minerals into correct sized freight cars (big boulders go into big trucks; small rocks go into small cars)", 1.0
"Recycle Challenge -Troublesome Trucks are nearly full of recycled items.  You need to grab the same type of item with a hook and move it to the right car.", 4.0
"Count the Engines - count while engines pass by", 5.0
"Fix the Tracks - Thomas is coming and the tracks are `not right'.  Using the joystick you rotate through a variety of track options.  Some tracks are too big, others to small or just not correct.  When the correct tract appears to push the big orange button to confirm.", 4.0
"*Engine Depot*", 5.0
"In the *Engine Depot* area (rather lame) you can read Thomas and Friends profiles.  You can also blow their whistles or in Berties case, blow his horn.", 5.0
"For the gaming area you can choose from Easy and Difficult options.  For example in the Learning Adventure area, in Game 1 (`Calling All Engines')  on the easy setting children find 3 engines and collect letters on the tracks that spell the name of an engine (such as `Toby').  On the difficult level they still find 3 engines, but this time the letters for a long name (such as `Edward').", 4.0
"We just opened the game so that I can't tell you too much more about the action and game play, except that my son and daughter (and husband-LOL)  seems very interested.", 5.0
"Four Stars.  Old fashion (read poor graphics).  The true Thomas fan will probably not care as they will get to `drive' Thomas and his friends (including Harold) around Sodor.  As for age range, many of these games will be beyond the abilities -physically and intellectually-of a 3 year old [map reading comes later]; but that should allow them to `grow' into the game at a latter point", 5.0
"I was alittle skeptical about this guitar, but my son loves it!  The sound is great and he has been enjoying experimenting with the different sounds", 5.0
"I  bought this beacause I had already bought the drumsticks and they were fun to play with.", 5.0
"The Guitar is not quite as much fun.  It doesn't resemble the original thing quite as much as the drumsticks but still I am having fun playing it.", 5.0
"You can plug it into your Ipod and play along with music.", 5.0
"I am happy with it", 5.0
"I bought this item for my Mom (in her early 50s) She LOVES it!  She is a non-stop crossword puzzler and just raves about this product.  She never has to search for a book to lean on, or a pencil sharpener!!  She always has a puzzle handy to work on!", 4.0
"The puzzles range from easy (not silly easy!) to hard (a good challenge!)", 2.0
"Must have", 5.0
"I love this!  I can take a bunch of crossword puzzles with me wherever I go.  However, finding refills for it is nearly impossible.  It would be nice to have refills readily available.  Supposedly you can buy them on their website, however, there are very few items listed on their site.", 4.0
"I love this toy there is so much stuff you can do! If you are a kid and your reading this, please beg your mom to get it for you! It's so much fun!", 5.0
"The Jack Sparrow Ring is of incredibly high quality. It does not look like a toy or cosmetic jewelry. It is sturdily made and the detail is surprising. The green "gem" does not look exactly like an emerald, but overall this item is probably one of the best deals for the price that you will find anywhere!", 5.0
"This ring is a good quality replica of the ring Capt. Jack Sparrow wears in the Pirates of the Caribbean; Dead Man's Chest movie.  I'm not sure exactly what size it is and packaging or product details do not tell you.  I am a 5'3" woman and it is loose on my forefinger and index finger.  My husband (whom I purchased this for) is nearly 6' tall and 170 lbs with large hands and it fits his ring finger.  Hope this is helpful info", 1.0
"There is no other gift that has given my 4 year old so much delight.  He would rather draw with his pencil set than watch TV, how's that for motivation to make this purchase.  The carrying case is not right for small children, hard for them to open and easy to spill.  They must have done something right in the design, though, because my son takes a lot of pride in keeping all of his pencils sharpened and in their place.  He has had it for more than half a year now and uses them every day", 5.0
"I was turning 46 and bought myself this heli for my birthday.  Read a whole lot of reviews and after flying this around my office for a day...WOW...this is fun!  Took about a half dozen times to learn to hover and after a while I am taking off and landing atop office computer terminals and desk chairs!  Not a kids toy but it will make you feel like one again", 5.0
"Sure, it's hard to control. But then, so are frisbees and cats, but they're fun to play with, too! I've had mine for less than a day and I already have a little bit of control over it. Moreover, it's really interesting just to see the engineering that went into this little thing. I don't have experience with any other toy helicopters, but I really like this one. And yes, it would be more fun to have more control over where it goes, but for $40, I wasn't really expecting a lot.", 5.0
"I purchased the Air Hogs Helicopter for my 10 year old son. I found that after a few rough starts he learned to control it quite well. Its definitely a product that is simple to use and provides entertainment for him during the rainy days we have had. The flight time allows for several minutes of maneuvering and recharge time is quick for continued play. The secret to flying is weight distribution and motor trim adjustment. Once those have been completed per the instruction sheet my son had an easy time of mastering it", 2.0
"The first one I purchased was a disappointment as I only got it off the ground twice,  and then nothing.  The helicopter had power, the transmitter had power, but nothing.  So I ordered another just so I could find out what I was doing wrong.  To make a long story short, my second one worked fine and is alot of fun.  Turns out my FIRST TRANSMITTER is faulty, I don't know why.  So now I have two helicopters that work great and my SECOND TRANSMITTER     works fine for both of them.", 2.0
"I consider this a real piece of junk. The vertical control is extremely sensitive and after more or less mastering that I find that directional control is non-existant. It is a little bit of fun, but the lack of directional control makes it really usless", 2.0
"The Buried Treasure playset, as well as the Haunted House, were bought as Christmas gifts for my 3 1/2 yr old son.  Both my son and 1 1/2 yr old daughter love them!  My son can play it by himself, but my daughter just pushes the car up and pushes the buttons to make the sounds.  These are the first toys the 2 yr old boy I babysit plays with!  My only complaint is that it doesn't work well with any other matchbox or hotwheels cars--only the cars it comes with.  It's hard for the younger kids to understand that. Overall, the kids love it and it keeps them busy!", 4.0
"I returned both that I ordered because the playmat was not included in the item as advertised. I am very unhappy with the item's advertising", 1.0
"we purchased this for my 2 1/2 yr old son for christmas. We had purchased the Haunted house but we felt it required too many steps in order to get the vehicle to go through the house. The buried treasure set is much simpler with only 3 steps to get the car through. the only downfall is when the gate on the skulls head closes it snaps hard, so make sure little fingers are out of the way. The other thing I suggest is that Matchbox should describe how the playsets operate on the outside packaging.", 1.0
"My 6y old daughter asked this for Christmas, and so she got it. She has enjoyed it since she opened it. I also got her the additional 5-car set for this, and even though not all the cars fits well, she likes them also. It makes cool sounds as the car enter the skeleton head and while it gets out and falls from it. Would recommend it", 5.0
"I bought this for my 4yr for his b-day, and he loves it. Unlike the Hot Wheel's toys, it is all put together, and easy to use.  You can play with it more than once, without it falling apart!!", 5.0
"I tried to talk my son out of spending his birthday money on this toy but he HAD to have it. I tried on convice him it was made of cheap plastic and would be broken within a day. Well I was wrong and he reminds me I was wrong everytime he plays with it(Daily). This toy is a hit and I like that it has a volume control. I got my finger stuck in the skull trying to remove an ovesized car that got stuck. It didn't hurt because all the pieces are blunt and the kids have never gotten thier finger pinched. The noises it makes did scare my 2 year old at first but now he also loves this toy and helping his big brother play.", 1.0
"My son received this as a birthday gift from a friend.(it was on his amazon wish list) This toy is very durable and with boys being tough on toys this is worth $20! I did read the reviews about younger children getting their fingers stuck in the turning scull but we have had no problem. I suggest a 4/5/6 year old child would benefit a lot from this toy. The sound affects are cool and the play mat is a bonus", 5.0
"If your child enjoys acting out the Thomas & Friends series, Rusty is a hard-at-work, heavy-duty diesel. He is a small orange diesel who pulls a dumper that carries removable sand cargo that can work with Cranky or other Thomas cranes. The cement mixer is unique. It spins as it is pulled, almost as if it is mixing cement.", 5.0
"To "build" the fun, you can make buildings and bridges with Legos, Lincoln logs, or even the new Sodor blocks sets, and Rusty will bring the construction supplies you need.", 4.0
"To "build" the fun even more, you can expand the Thomas wooden rail and road system with the new Cement Works, as well as Jack and Alfie from the construction crew. Then your construction series will be complete. Rusty is a perfect addition to the Thomas wooden rail and road system. After all, he's the one who helps build them", 1.0
"What I meant by my title is that I already had Rusty and I just wanted the Construction Cars. The cars sway from side to side and they can survive a lot of damage. I was suprised at how durable these were. The sets are a lot of fun because you don't need any additional things to go with it for immediate fun. These toys are really good for a car trip to keep a child busy when they are bored. I would higly recommend getting this set but don't buy Rusty first", 1.0
"Rusty is great. i got him as a present for christmas one year he has 3 cars - rusty a dumper and a cement mixer you can use him with cranky or anything with a magnet. he is also in some episodes on a video", 5.0
"The Thomas & Friends wooden railroad gives you Rusty and 2 Construction Cars. This set provides hours of fun for your children because they can use this set to recreate stories about Rusty and his construction fun. Its educational value shows children how man-made things are built and they will probably use this set with thier Lincoln Logs and other construction kits. This is also a very sturdy set, but sometimes the mixer's top will come off and will need a frequent fix-up! Other than that, it's a wonderful set and a great gift idea", 4.0
"If your child likes thomas the tank, they will love this little set.  My son is crazy about it.  He makes little construction sites out of his lincoln logs along his track and then delivers the necessary supplies for building with these trains.  What fun", 1.0
"I bought this tunnel for my daughter for her first birthday, and she has loved it ever since!  She has so much fun crawling through the tunnel and hiding in there.  It is a great chance for any child to get exercise and to add some fun and excitement to their day", 1.0
"My friend has one of these and when we go to their house my son and their daughter play in it for hours. I thought it was a great fun for them. They would go in, out and around the tunnel chasing each other for hours on end", 2.0
"And she loves it.  So, I got one for my 2 yr old grandson too and he loves it too.  Very sturdy, easy to put away, ok to leave out in the rain.  I highly recommend it", 4.0
"I bought this tunnel for my 2 grandchildren - -age 2 1/2 and 10 months.  They absolutely LOVE it!  They spend lots of time crawling thru - -chasing each other - and playing peek a boo.  It folds up very easily and travels with us too.  It's great for a rainy day and we have even used it on the beach.  Highly recommend it", 1.0
"I just bought this tunnel for my two year old daughter. Her nursery school has the neon see-me connecting tunnel, and she just loves it. They didn't have that one at our local [store], so we bought the 6' Find-Me Play Tunnel. I think this tunnel will last a long time. My kids have already jumped on top of it, and the dog even tried to crawl through. It seems to be quite durable and is not made of cheap plastic like some of the less expensive tunnels. It's definitely worth the extra money", 2.0
"My daughter was almost two years old when we purchased this tunnel. After reviewing the various tunnels being sold, I have to say this is probably one of the best out there. It is extremely durable and easy to store. She even jumps on top of it, and it always keeps its shape", 5.0
"My 3-year-old son ADORES his Lightning & Mater Shake & Go cars. They're quite durable and fun.  Others have complained about battery-usage, but we haven't had a problem with that. Though our son prefers to turn them on only occasionally. He'd rather make them talk himself! We have an FP Shake & Go Police car too (not Pixar), and that one goes FAR! These cars are sturdy & fun. All thumbs up here", 4.0
"I got this car for my two year old son and he absolutley loves it!  He shakes it up and just lets it go and it keeps him busy for a while which of course is great", 1.0
"I have to say that if I had it to do over again, I never would have let my son see the Fisher Price catalog and pick his Christmas present. He saw the Shake n Go racetrack and wanted it and the Mater and Lightening McQueen cars immediately. I am not so happy about it because it takes a lot to keep the race going. The cars don't go more than 3-4 turns around the race track before they have to be shaken again and then by the time the race is over, your wrist hurts. My son is only 3 and he doesn't know to shake it enough so for him, it's just not that fun. He likes it but easily gets discouraged with it when he can't make the cars go more than one lap, if that. I would NOT recommend this for 3-5 yr. olds. Maybe the older kids, but I wouldn't buy it again. I wish I could get my money back, but the box and all it's wrappings went out with the Christmas wrap to the trash. Do Not Waste Your Money", 5.0
"I purchased the race track set for my three year old son as a Christmas gift.  He loves it and I get a kick out of it also.  The only negative was the battery life for the cars.  I went to Wally World (Walmart) and purchased a couple sets of Rayovac Hybrid batteries and the work great.  Best of all, because these cars will not take the Energizer rechargable batteries (due to them not being alkaline) the Hybrids are great because they work like alkaline but are rechargeable.", 5.0
"All of the shake n go cars have been a big hit for my son!  He loves the original set, the off-road set and of course...the Disney Pixar Cars themed set.  The McQueen car is frantastic and my son adores it!!!", 5.0
"I bought this for my little Bub (14 months) and he loves it.  He loves anything that has wheels and I picked this car because you simply had to shake it to make it go.", 5.0
"After 7 or 8 shakes for optimum performance, this toy goes quite far.  The only drawback is the lack of variety in phrases.  I think it only has two.  Anyway, the car is easily operated by my son and if the phrases start to drive me bonkers, I can switch it off and Bub still zooms all over with it.", 5.0
"Bub is also very rough with toys (tossing and such) and so far, McQueen is doing very well", 5.0
"my 5yr old receive this game for xmas...some parts of the game he can do by himself, but other parts he needs my help..such as spelling words and fill in the blank with letters to make words..but he will grow into it..", 4.0
"We received this at our baby shower and set it up when Danica was 4 weeks old.  At first she would just stare at the toys.  One day she reached for them. Another day she touched one. Another day she grabbed it.  One day she got the music to sound. One day she was tall enough to touch the toys and kick the ball at the same time.  It was so exciting watching her development with this toy.  After she could sit up, she loved ripping the toys off by their velcro.  When she started crawling, she would take the ball off and carry it around in her hand.  She is now walking and she uses this as her private cabana.  I give her a snack and she sneaks away to this (set in the crawl position).  I've uploaded a picture of her sitting in it up-side-down like a boat, watching Backyardigans, so check above.  She loves sitting in it when it is turned like this.  I have promised this toy to so many people, thinking that she will outgrow it soon.  She turns a year next week and she shows no signs of getting bored with it.  She has found new and, quite unexpected, way to play with it. It has grown with her well beyond my imagination.  She has outgrown her crib, her walker, her exersaucer, and her bouncy chair.  This toy has outlasted them all", 4.0
"I'm a first time mom, paranoid and always on the lookout for ways my kid can injusre himself.  I almost didn't buy this product because of some of the dire warnings other moms posted here on Amazon.  My husband ordered it, and our son LOVES it.  He began using it at 3 mos and still loves it at 11 mos.  He has incredibly strong hands, and he's never pulled any of the plastic pieces onto himself.  The velcro used to attach the hanging pieces is incredibly strong; adult strength is required.  This is a versitile, well made toy.  It's a little tricky to switch from mode to mode, but, overall, the boy likes it, and it seems quite safe after all.  Kudos to Fisher Price", 5.0
"I wanted a floor mat for my child because some of her toys are designed to be hung from the bars, but I didn't want to pay the $60+ price of many mats.  We paid ~$25 for this one.  She liked to play with the toys provided; however, these toys hang from the bars by velcro strips.  There are no rings on the bars with which to hang other toys. We were able to hang other toys on the bars and secure them in place with velcro straps inserted through the ring of the toy and wrapped around the bar.  I have not had the assembly problems referred to in other reviews", 5.0
"My baby loves this toy, however, afer a couple of weeks she can't play it anymore, because we don't have a triangular screwdriver to change the batteries on the octopus that makes music when the baby hits or touches it. This toy was fantastic, and my baby loves it so much up until it DIED!!! I think that fisher-price/mattel should include a tool to change the battery, otherwise, I would render this toy completely useless", 4.0
"I love anything that has multifunctions! I saw this aquarium and thought it would be a fun toy that my son would get a ton of use out of. At two weeks I started using it to try and get some work done around the house...it worked!!!! He was perfectly happy looking up at the fish, and to my surprise it wasn't but a few minutes before he was reaching out for them and kicking his feet to make the ball rattle. I am looking forward to him getting bigger and using it as a tunnel. This aqaurim has been a big help in getting my housework done and it keeps him busy and quiet too.", 1.0
"I love football more than any other sport.  These figures are so cool", 5.0
"I got this after getting the Star Station for my son, but only being able to use the cartriges there.  My son LOVES this and listens to this in the car all the time.  I love it because he gets to listen to his music and I don't.  :)", 5.0
"He even enjoys it soo much that he took it to his first Sharing Day at Kindergarten.  He says he listens to it so that he can practice to be on American Idol.  Whatever his reason, I love it because it allows him to listen to music and is VERY durable!!", 2.0
"My 5 year old son loves this star station.  It's easy to load and switch songs", 5.0
"I would have paid double for this toy! My daughter has been intriqued with this toy for 7 months now!It has so many activities...she plays with it everyday. I like how the activities relate to her milestones...for example, it has a light switch on it with a real working light. She loves turning the lights on and off. She is always opening and closing doors, and this offers that to. There is a pleasant noise or music for almost every activity. I am just so surprised that it has captivated my child for such a long time.. and it continues to do so.", 5.0
"This is the greatest toy we have ever purchased. It was a Christmas present for our younger daughter, who was just 6 months old at the time. She loved it from the first moment she saw it by the tree. In just 2 months she has learned how to open and close all the doors, move the numbers for the address, get the shapes out of the door, ring the doorbell, move the hands on the clock, change the sun and the moon, and press the buttons on the radio. She plays with this every day, either independently or with others. An added bonus is how much fun our 3-year old thinks this is too. She loves to play house with her sister. I would recommend this toy for anyone", 5.0
"This play house kept my son entertained for a good 45 minnutes at a time.  It sings, tells time and shapes.  We loved it!", 5.0
"I got this for my 10-month old daughter for Christmas.  She LOVES it and can't wiat to go to the playroom to play house everyday.  I'm pregnant again and ordered this toy in the hopes that once the new baby is old enough to play, the two of them could play together with this fun toy.", 5.0
"It's really fun to watch her discover new things every single day.  The first time she learned to open the door herself and crawl through it, she must have done it 20 times over and over again.  She loves the key, the letters and all of the balls.", 4.0
"She's still a little young to understand a lot of the learning activities on this toy.  But, I have a feeling she's going to love this for months and months to come.", 1.0
"Great toy", 5.0
"I Purchased this toy along with all the other Toys that belong to the Laugh and Learn House. My Grandchildren loved all the Laugh and Learn toys.You can purchase all or some, seperately. The lights, sounds, and action keeps them entertained for hours. It's a great learning toy.", 5.0
"got this toy 2 yrs ago and my 2/12yr old still loves to play with it and talk about the different learning areas.  (numbers, alphabet, colors, songs, etc.)  Now my 7 month old loves to sit in front of it and look at it and touch the parts.  Great toy for all ages of babies", 4.0
"I have bought this gift for many children on their 1st birthday.  I always hear from the parents that it is their favorite toy and that the children play with it for hours!  I highly recommend this toy", 5.0
"This is an excellent toy but right now its over $300 on Amazon. I just bought if from my local walmart for about $50", 1.0
"I have a 5yr old son, 3yr old daughter and 1yr old twins. They all LOVE this playhouse. It is not too girly because of the sports stuff. It is not to boyish because it is a playhouse. The babies love to crawl in and out the openings. It is fun for all 4 kids of all ages. This is a great way to go if you have boys and girls", 1.0
"We gave this playhouse to our two sons 3 1/2 and 2 for christmas and they love it.  We have it in the house for now and it keeps them entertained and they come up with all kinds of ideas to play.  Great value and great item!!", 5.0
"We wanted something that would provoke more imagination than just a house for my son's 2nd birthday.  This seemed perfect, as it is more "boy" with the activity sides for the gas station & sports stuff.  At the local Toys R Us, they had it and 1 "house" set up, and my son never even noticed the other one.  My husband set it up himself in about 30 minutes (with "help" from my son), but he did use the electric screwdriver.", 4.0
"My son LOVES it.  He plays in it every day, and he even uses the soccer net for playing golf.  Great gift idea", 4.0
"We bought this for our 2 year old son as a Christmas Gift.  We can't wait to see the look on his face in a few days.  It's very solid construction and should stand up to years of use.  The walls have different shapes/objects molded into them, some of it quite detailed, but it's all the same color.  So my wife and I purchased some plastic paints at a local craft store and painted some of the objects on the walls to add more detail and realism.  It was cheap and and easy, and the results speak for themselves.  We painted the fruit on the store wall, along with the ATM etc.  On the inside my wife painted the globe, the books, the tools hanging on the wall, along with the bank safe and the tire.  It looks very cool now.  This house doesn't have any sound effects or lighting, so I purchased a wireless doorbell and battery operated light at Home Depot.  The total cost for the paints and electronincs was $25 and was easy to do.  Rather than spending the extra $100 for more detail and electronics, this was a very cost effective and fun way to make the house even better.  I think my son is going to love it.  I'll post pictures when I get time.", 5.0
"We just got this playhouse for my 2 1/2 year old daughter. She loves it. I liked it for the basketball hoop and soccer net. There is plenty of room in it and she loves to play with all the pictures of groceries, gas station and ATM. She also uses the shelf for her "laptop". I read the other reviews and I agree that it would be nicer if it had an attached bench or some included seating/table, but this one was on sale and I am not disappointed at all!", 1.0
"This playhouse has been great for my family. I have six kids from 18 months to 8 yrs old (oh, and my husband) and they ALL love it.  The front door is easy enough to open that, at 18 months, have no problem getting in.  They use it to put in all their other outside toys and when they are ready to play, they throw all the toys out the 5 openings in it and play! My 8 yr old and husband love to use the little basketball hoop on the back to play "horse" and the others will often choose to play in this verses many of our other toys.", 1.0
"The front of the house can either be a schoolhouse or a firehouse (stickers come with it to put on).  There is a small window to the left of the door as well.  Another side is a grocery store opening and a Bank (ATM and all) with window.  The back side is a sports center.  It has a soccer net at the bottom.  There is also four dots to throw the ball at to try to hit and a basketball net (ball included!).  The last side is a gas station with a gas pump hose and to more openings.", 2.0
"It is a great investment because my 8 yr old loves it so I firgure my 18 month old will probably use it for a long time as well.  It has been VERY durable an dreally encourages role playing.  My dog even likes to run in and out the tire hole at the bottom of one side!", 4.0
"A wonderful toy and recommended for all", 4.0
"I purchased this case to store my son's Little Touch Leap Pad books and cartridges in but they did not fit. The case is much bigger than I thought it would be but it still does not fit the Little Touch Leap Pad itself in there.", 5.0
"My son just got the My First Leap Pad for Christmas and this one DOES fit in there. I am glad we found a use for it or I would be sending it back for a refund. Make sure you know which system you will be using it for before purchasing to make sure it will fit", 5.0
"This case is an excellent way to store our Leap Pad Plus Writing book and games. In fact, after I showed it to my 4 year olds and put the first game into it, both of them, on their own, opened their Christmas Leap Book gifts and put them away without asking! I think the color and ease of organization is a big plus for them! And not having to nag them to put their games away is a big plus for me! This was one of the best investments I ever made", 4.0
"Our leappad is four years old now, but has stayed in excellent condition and we've managed to keep all of the books and cartridges intact. For that reason, the home storage case has been well worth the small investment. It has room for many leappad books and special pouches for the tiny cartridges. I highly recommend this product.", 4.0
"I purchased this in May 2006.  I was so happy to have an organized way to store the leappad, books and cartridges.  I was happy until August 2006 when the zipper broke.  I've tried fixing it a few times, but it keeps breaking.  It's useless without the zipper because everything just falls out.  Not worth the money or my time trying to repair it", 5.0
"Why did I wait so long? After months of leap pad books and their cartridges floating all over my son's bedroom floor ~ finally they all have a home. This handy little storage system will hold most children's leap pad library of books and cartridges. It certainly will hold enough to keep your child happy for quite a while. This is perfect to drag along on an adventure. The price is what kept me from buying the storage container when I bought the system. Silly ~ since I have so much more invested in the system and its books. I finally took the plunge and couldn't be happier. Now when we dash off for an adventure ~ everything is ready to go. It is also great as a tool to encourage your child to put everything away when they are done playing with it", 1.0
"No complaints thus far.  Very nice to be able to put everything in one place.  Also nice to be able to pick it up on the way out the door and not have to search for the cartridges or books", 4.0
" This item is really good if you own a Leappad and some of their books. It holds the Leappad itself, about 15 of the books and it even has spaces for the cartridges. The only thing I wish is if it had more space for people who have a lot of the Leappad books", 4.0
"This case is large enough to hold everything.  My son thinks it is a briefcase", 5.0
"This was a cute addition to my little girls kitchen stuff!  It has held up and is just the right size for little hands", 4.0
"Loved this game.  It gives a category with relating items to act out...but you get to use a prop as well.  This adds some difference than the original charades and can be hilarious.  All four kids loved it and it kept them happy and occupied during the long winter break.  Recommended for families with kids of all ages.", 5.0
"We played CHAROODLES for the first time at a family gathering, with 10 of us (ages 12 to 50+) playing.  We played one team against another.  In your turn you have 90 seconds to get your team to guess 8 charades, while the other team keeps score.  Normally in charades this would be impossible, but here the 8 items all belong to the same category (like things on the roof or household chores) and everyone knows the category ahead of time.  But the most fun part of the game is the props (a foam ball, foam rod, foam square, and plastic cup).  You must use one or more of these in doing each charade.  This results in some amazingly quick correct guesses, and some hysterically funny situations!", 5.0
"You can't help but get hooked on this game.  We ended up playing three games, and everyone had a blast!  If you like charades or other party games like CRANIUM or OODLES OF DOODLES, don't pass up this one!", 5.0
"Melissa & Doug wooden toys and puzzles are wonderful!  They are simple and durable allowing room for your child's personal imagination and creativity without spinning your child into over-stimulation mode as so many toys can do today!  They have so many neat puzzles for various ages of development, and this rack is the perfect way to keep them organized and stored efficiently. There are also wooden puzzle racks available, but this wire rack is the least expensive and it does the job! You can store one of the thicker Melissa & Doug Puzzles (like the ones that make noise) on top of the rack, since they are too thick for the slots", 5.0
"If you're looking for a way to organize your puzzles, this is it!  Does a great job, and kids do pretty well getting them in/out. I wish there were a way to adjust the sizes of the racks, but I haven't seen anything like that", 1.0
"This is a nice way to reduce puzzle-clutter, but my son has a few puzzles that are a little thicker than standard because they have sound, and those fit very tightly, so my son can't get them out by himself. Also mine did not come with rubber caps for the ends, like shown in the picture. If you don't have the puzzles with sound, and are using it somewhere that you don't mind indentations (due to not having the rubber caps), I would recommend it", 2.0
"For the price - can't beat it. But, for younger kids or kids with some fine motor problems it's difficult for them to get the puzzles in. If that is a concern I would recommend that you buy the rack with actual shelves for the puzzles to slide in on", 5.0
"This puzzle rack was exactly what I was looking for.  The puzzles I ordered fit easily, even the ones with knobs on top to pick up the pieces. This is a great way to organize your child's or grandchild's puzzles and keep them intact", 5.0
"Why was I too cheap to buy this sooner? I waited until my 8th kid to drop the money for this well built wire rack, but have no regrets. Sturdy, durable and a space saver, sure. But after Claire is grown and the puzzles are stored for the grandkids, I can use the rack for my home office, so it is multi-use! It's just the right size for separating insurance claims, tax forms, or any other annoying stacks of paper that need to be separated and dealt with.", 4.0
"So go ahead and spend the money on this for the baby now--you'll use it later", 4.0
"Puzzle Rack Great in Theory...................The concept of this is awesome, but unfortunately my 18 1/2 month old liked to dump it out with all the puzzles in it and throw it...............As you probably know, at this age most kids dump everything, so I am sure I am not alone here.............some sharp edges, also not appropriate for this age.  Like I said, in theory it's great which is why I didn't return it, I just put it away in the closet for a couple of months until I think she can get the concept and no longer dump it..................Still recommend it", 4.0
"Although I'm pleased with the product overall, I'm a little disappointed that this puzzle rack does not hold the Melissa & Doug wooden puzzles. It only holds "standard" size puzzles. Also it is shown with rubber feet in the photo and mine arrived without these", 4.0
"Brutaka is amazing, just like Axonn. The double-blade is HUGE. 10 inches tall! If you have the 'Piraka Stronghold', you'll see a familiar piece...... A really cool mask called the 'Kanohi Olmak'. I own Axonn, too. Great buying them both. You CAN build Axonn & Brutaka into 'Botar'.", 4.0
"Thanks", 4.0
"This is non-toxic with the markers and paint washable. The crayons and watercolors are certified CP with the markers and pencils certified AP. To clean the clothing that might have the watercolor paint on, it is advised to not use pre-wash or chlorine bleach. This should also be kept away from wallpaper, painted walls, finished and unfinished wood and vinyl.", 5.0
"My son had this from the time he was four to seven and liked it but did prefer his magna doodle over it.  The set up is easy with all the pieces fitting into each other by slots. In order to use the easel correctly the two purple trays must be situated just right in the red container. This can work two ways because if you do not want to use the green stand you can move the trays out a bit and turn around to then slide the paper under the clip and start drawing, painting or coloring. The clip is also removable and easy to snap into place. When you are storing this you place the clip and paper supplies under the trays. We had paint stains on many spots, but they were easy to remove with a cloth or a wipe.", 5.0
"To use the stand you would lift up the red and blue sections and place the stand in the slots provided. The two purple trays can be removed before doing this to have the supplies close at hand and not having to turn this around and over.", 1.0
"Both of the purple trays have a small section for the watercolor tray. When the easel is being used there is a small groove that will hold two markers and one pencil. The trays can even slide in upside down. The one down fall to this is if you are using it for portable reasons it gets loud with the items moving about in there.", 5.0
"This is a great toy. My 4-year-old loves it. The first day he had it, he played with it for over 2 hours straight! There are watercolors, markers, colored pencils - enough to keep their imagination going. This was a great buy", 5.0
"I had high hopes for this toy. My daughter fancies herself as an artist, so I thought this would be great. I WAS WRONG! This toy is very flimsy. The pieces fell apart almost immediately. It is definitely not worth the money. It never stood upright as an easel. I was very disappointed", 5.0
"not loaded with supplies, broke after the first day, plastic very flims", 5.0
"An excellent strategy game. Moves, including just rotation of a peice, van have serious consequences. The various configuration of starting positions keep any single strategy from consistently being successful. Just started using it and my son (age 7) and I are anxious to continue experimenting. No doubt the "cool factor" of a laser game has some effect in his enthusiasm, but he's learning strategy well. The company also quickly replaced a defective game without any problems. Highly recommende", 5.0
"Khet is one of those games that's easy to learn, but difficult to master.  As in many strategy games, too much focus on offense can prove fatal.  Unlike chess, the game moves quickly.  You don't need hours to play a few games.  Highly receommended", 5.0
"Saw this on a gadget site and decided to purchase it for my brother-in-law.  He liked it a lot, and we had so much fun playing I bought myself one too.  Very easy to pick up, and since practically no one has played it, everyone starts at the ability level.  Similar to chess, only with freakin' laser beams, enough said", 5.0
"I got this game for my birthday (I'm 35) and I love it! It's like a high-tech version of chess. Definitely makes you think hard and try to plot out your moves many steps in advance. It's especially tricky because you have to simultaneously think offensively and defensively. If you like classic strategic boardgames, you'll love this game", 5.0
"My seven year old daughter loves this game, it teaches strategy, physics and geometry all while having fun. We now play this as a family at least once a week", 4.0
"Thank heavens there are still toys that just lie there, not doing anything on their own, until a child's imagination brings them to life.  This is simply a basic set of Legos similar to the ones I bought my son 28 years ago.  The only Legos I've been able to find in the stores are the ones that make up into one specific item--a plane, a Batmobile, etc.--just follow the detailed instructions someone ELSE has developed.  EEECH!!!  I want my grandson to learn to think for himself.  The only thing that could be better would be to have a bigger bucket--1,000/1,500 pieces--with a set of basic gears and motors to allow for more advanced creativity.", 4.0
"This bucket of lego blocks is a great creative tool.  The pieces are varied sizes and shapes which jumpstart the imagination.  The set definitely helps develop fine motor skills as the smaller pieces require little hands to work diligently.  One word of caution.  If your goal is to build houses or any other kinds of buildings, you will need to purchase another bucket of legos for that purpose.  This set does not contain enough of actual building bricks to do the job, but this bucket of legos would make a great addition to such a set", 5.0
"Overall, I really like this set.  The cloth chair covers and tablecloth look so real.  The smaller pieces such as the food are molded onto the trays so as not to get lost which I also like.  This set has so much more detail than any of the previous dining rooms made by Fisher Price too.  Although I like all their dining rooms, this one is so much more up to date and looks so much more authentic than the others.  I would like to see four chairs instead of just two.  If you have two children, they don't have anywhere to sit unless you use the tall chairs for the snack bar from the Twin Time dollhouse.  They aren't the same size, but they do seem to blend pretty well except for the height.  This is the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5", 5.0
"This is a small dining room set, yes, but if you have the Twin Time doll house you need a small set.  The rooms are very small in that dollhouse.  So if you want a dining room set that fits, get this one!", 5.0
"The grandfather clock and buffet with tea service are oh so cute and can be used in other parts of the house as well", 4.0
"This set is beautiful, with great details.  The only negative is that the table is so small, there's no room for additional family/guests.  I was excited to find the older dining room set (with birthday and pizza party items) to supplement this newer set", 5.0
"I don`t mind the fact that she looks more like a", 5.0
"Cloe than a Fianna. I think her hair is very pretty with the brown streaks, and that her clothes are a bit nice too. I`ve seen", 4.0
"other Bratz who have switched hair and skin colour. Doesn`t mean they`re", 5.0
"not the doll that they are", 5.0
" people who said that this doll looked gothic and wore too much makeup have problems. i'm 14 years old and still play with dolls. just because some one wears black doesn't mean that they are goth. besides no one is goth any more most people are something called punk. she is not wearing too much makeup. if you can read it says she is going out to a dance party. if you go out to dance your not going to go with zero make up, and no one cares about 'this girl in your class that wears too much makeup' they care about the doll. i have this doll and luv her. anyone who likes her will like the bratz princess twiinz", 4.0
"People are saying that they don't like this doll because she has too much makeup on and her outfit looks goth.", 5.0
"1.Why are you looking at this doll if you have a problem with what she looks like?", 5.0
"2.She's supposed to look goth, DUH!", 5.0
"3.I think she's cool and I'm buying her.", 1.0
"this bratz looks very pretty but she is fianna she shound", 5.0
"not have blond hair she shound have brown because i have", 1.0
"funk out fianna wild life safari fianna and flash back fever fianna and they all have brown hair", 5.0
"Hi. First of all I want to say, why would you buy this? I'm 12 and you might think I think this doll is cool. But it's not. This is why you shouldn't buy this:", 4.0
"1. This doll is looks more like a gothic person than looking like she's going to a midnight dance.", 2.0
"2. She's got way too much makeup on. That makes her look even more gothic. (like a girl in my class at school)", 5.0
"3. This......uh......thing, is totally 0% educational. Who could stand to buy such a thing for their daughter?", 4.0
" I wouldn't recommend this doll to anybody, espicially not anyone under 11 years old. This is the type of doll that teaches kids the exact same oppasite of who their parents want them to be. It also teaches kids OTHER things. I won't even think about disscussing them. Please don't waste your money on this Bratz doll or any of the other ones. Instead, get them a barbie doll or a baby doll. Don't buy this. PLEASE.", 5.0
"**************************PEACE EVERYWHERE********************", 5.0
"I absouletly LOVE this doll. Her eyes are green and her golden blond hair is beautful. And the way her hair,lips, and eyes go together is GORGOUS! And i espally love her puffy-sleeved top. Is there a way to put 100 stars on here??", 4.0
"I have Fianna and she is very pretty!!!She is my favorite one in this collection.", 4.0
"But when I opened the box to get her out,I saw the her ear on the left side doesn`t have an earring.I`ve looked arround everywhere in the box and I couldn`t find any earring.But I didn`t had a problem,because I have Meygan,and all the Midnight Dance dolls has the same earrings.So I swiched from Meygan to Fianna and the problem was solved.", 1.0
"Anyway...This note is for everyone:", 1.0
"You are going shopping.On your way you buy a doll.Before you buy it,you must check everything on it before you buy it.Maybe there is something wrong,something broken or something lost.I must be really carefull the next time when I am going to get Midnight Dance Roxxi(which is coming out very soon).I must be carefull with the earrings.", 5.0
"So be carefull if you are going to buy a doll.You need to check on everything with the doll before you buy it.", 4.0
"Anyway...This Bratz doll I`ve got is my MOST favorite Bratz doll I have!!!Great Job MGA!!!I hope that Roxxi will be great!!", 5.0
"I needed a set of juggling scarves and balls for each member of an elementary school jugging club and was amazed that this combo pack allowed me to do it for about $10 per kid - the best I could do on jugging sites was about $16/kid. We have used the equipment for 4 months now and have found it to be sturdy. The only minor complaint is that the dye on the scarves sometimes comes off on our sweaty hands, so I'm not sure what would happen if the scarves got wet. Despite that, the scarves remain attractive. I thought the DVD that came with the combo was cool, but haven't heard any feedback from the kids about it. We also have a set each of Duncan clubs and rings which have been in use for over a year and they too have been a great value.", 5.0
"My 5 year old son has played with this dinosaur everyday since Christmas!  He is a Jurassin Park freak, and being able to find the same kind of Dino that battles the T-Rex was fantastic.  Imaginext has such good rugged quality products, I know he'll be playing with it for a long, long time", 5.0
"My 2 yr old got this dinosaur and the Imaginext Mammoth for Christmas. While his 3yr old brother got the Brontosaurus and T-Rex. I really like this one for the little ones. All the other dinosuars come with a saddle for the little men to ride in. The saddles pop off very easily and I like that we don't have the hassle with this one. Also it comes with less little accessories pieces which my 2yr old is not intested in anway.", 5.0
"I've seen that Fisher price has come out with a new line of these dinosaurs that now walk too. I have to say that as cool as those are I still prefer this line. These are very durable for rough little kids and I just know my boys would break the walking mechanism in the new ones", 5.0
"My 11 year old son loves his Huffy Green Machine. We just got it for his 11th birthday and he and all of his friends have a great time on it. The only problem we have, is that I thought it was going to be just a little bit bigger. On the box it says Huffy Green Machine "mini". I didn't notice that when I bought it, but we still like it and are very happy with it", 5.0
"2 of my children received these for christmas and they said it was their favorite gift. I love them because they play together. The green machine is silly, crazy and fun and any child can ride them. They are sturdy and can take abuse, we love them!", 5.0
"This is a great bike.  I ride it all the time with my 5 year olds twins... who are just starting to be able to ride it.  I have found nothing better than this bike.  It has brakes which is nice for our hilly driveway.  The Kettrike Sloopy is nice but it doesn't have brakes.  It is surprising that more products aren't made for 5-10 year olds these days.  Pretty much anyone who is not fat can ride this trike", 2.0
"My 6 year old loved putting the puzzles together, then we built a mobile out of them.  Great for a mobile or decoration but they fall apart if you play with them", 5.0
"I purchased all 3 wooden meal sets (breakfast, lunch, and dinner) from another company, and paid considerably more. The prices given here are an incredible deal for such cute, well made toys! The food fits in the tray, kind of like a puzzle, which is a really fun feature. And all the food included is SO CUTE! It's wooden which makes it cuter and more durable than a lot of those plastic food sets. I love the little cups of orange juice and milk...and the bowls of cereal (looks like Fruit Loops) and soup! The sets are so cute and have an old fashioned charm to them. I can't emphasize enough how much my kids (ages 2, 4, and 7) and I love playing with these!!! I can't imagine anyone being disappointed with these, especially at these prices! Thank you, Melissa and Doug, for such a cute, fun, well made product!!", 5.0
"I read a lot of reviews and it seems the largest complaint, if any, was regarding leaking plugs.  Well, the table Bryce got for his 1st b-day (4/11/07) has no plugs in it, so I guess Step2 figured out it was better to have no plugs and avoid leaks.  I'd have to agree.  We set this up in the house because it was too cold outside.  Bryce had loads of fun!  The only improvement I'd make from this point is to have the wheel tower attach to the table.  As another reviewer mentioned, the tower tips over very easily and is typically the first thing to get thrown.  I'm sure it will be broken before the summer's over because of this.  I had intended to give it only 4 stars because of this, but submitted review too quickly.  Oh well!", 5.0
"Other reviewers wanted a lid for the table because they're worried about debris when outside.  It takes 1 minute to tip over, pour out the old water, spray out with a hose, and fill back up. I personally know I'd be more diligent at doing this than stopping to put the lid back on after play is over.", 5.0
"In all, a great investment for kids who love to splash!", 5.0
"My dd received this as a gift when she was 8 months old and absolutely loves it (she's 18 months now).  Before she could walk she would pull herself up and splash in it.  Still has tons of fun with it.  Excellent product at an awesome price", 5.0
"My grandchildren love this water table.  It was very easy to put together and it is sturdy.  They play with it until their hands prune up and their mother has to drag them away from it.  Grammy got point for this gift.", 5.0
"My son is 20 mths old and loves this water table. He was so excited to get it. The only thing is , is he thinks it's a pool and wants to crawl in it..haha... needless to say , since it's only got 3 legs, it's not that sturdy for toddlers wanting to crawl into it. But other than that, great toy", 5.0
"If your kids like to splash in the tub (and I am constantly telling them to stop) this is the toy for you. Both my 2 and 5 year old love to splash in it and get totally soaked. The water wheel doesn't spin really even when water hits it, but my kids don't care. THIS IS AN AMAZING BARGAIN FOR TONS OF OUTDOOR FUN!!", 4.0
"We liked this toy and got much use from it over the summer in the backyard for my 2-year old son.  The accessories that came with it were good.  The kids also used Fisher-Price Little People and made a "water park" for them in the table.  Plenty of room for imaginitive play with this toy", 5.0
"This is great fun for the summer time. I purchased one for my daughter and one for her cousin. They love it and it provides loads of entertainment and holds up pretty well to the elements.", 5.0
"If you had told me that I would be buying one of these for my little boy (15 months), I would have had a hard time believing it...it's just a table, for water...right!?!? WRONG! Well, it is just a table for water but it is far and beyond that for my son. He loves it!! We keep it on our deck and he will play with it at least an hour at a time. And it's great for those days that are too cool to be in a pool or a sprinkler, but you can still be outside and he can still be playing in water.", 4.0
"We love it!", 4.0
"I bought this item because I have 2 kids, 3 and 18 mo.  My 3 yr old was fine with a kiddie pool, but I was worried about my little one.  I figured this table would be good for him to play with water without worrying about him falling in :)  My 3 yr old ended up LOVING it as well.  I have even used it in my unfinished basement when the weather got too cold for outside use.  It's great because you don't have the sand making a mess out of the water portion like on some tables.  No complaints on this product - very stable", 5.0
"I like this coffee maker.  It makes coffee pretty fast.  One thing against it is the spout is small and you need to pour very slow or it will pour over the sides. After the first two cups it becomes alot easier to pour.  I would buy the same one again.  It is a nice looking coffee maker", 1.0
"THis game is one of my daughters' favorites ( they are 14 and 17!) THey spend hours and hours playing this game and raved about the new collectible version which apparently is more complex and exciting than the older one. HIghly recommended", 4.0
"This game is a lot of fun.  My kids (6 and 3 1/2) really like it and both can play it.  It's a very fast-paced game similar to slapjack, so it takes a few times to learn how to play it, so it's hard for a new player to jump in.  The kids love to slap the cards and shout - it's not a quiet game.  If you lose some of the cards, this game is still very playable", 5.0
"My 5-year-old and 8-year-old love this game.  I took it to a church function one day and later the kids there begged me to bring it back again!  It says ages 6-9, but I think the real age range is much broader.  I bought an extra to keep on hand for a last-minute birthday gift!  Buy the "lunchbox" version, though, because it is hard to get the cards back into that little paper box for storage", 5.0
"Another great Gamewright creation that my 6 yr old and I love to play!  It requires a bit of concentration and a quick hand.  If your kids like Slap Jack, they'll love this.  The illustrations are great.  The slamwich "ingredients" are..."interesting"...sardines, french toast, gummy worms...mmm!  I highly recommend the Gamewright collection", 5.0
"I got this for my daughter when she was 10 and it has been one of her favorite games ever since.  It's even fun for the whole family ( 13 & 15 year old even like it).  Good game", 5.0
"I have an older version of this game that I use in counseling/social skills groups at an elementary school.  I am always looking for games that keep everyone engaged and actively involved, and Slamwich fits the bill perfectly.  The kids absolutely love it, especially when the "sandwiches" are disgusting (e.g., peanut butter and onions).  And, even though the game is theoretically competitive (the player to get all the cards wins), the kids usually enjoy the game play so much that they share their cards with anyone who runs out.  Great fun, and very entertaining", 1.0
"My sister gave this to my 15 month old daughter last Christmas.  As soon as I saw it, I knew she would love it and I was right.  As others mentioned, the chair back has an issue, but our pops right back on.  The chair is also a "tub" that my daughter pretends is Pooh's bed and covers him with his "towel" that she calls his blankie.  She takes the duck in the bathtub with her.  She is almost two now and I would recommend this toy", 5.0
"My 4 year old daughter gave this to my 2 year old son for Christmas. They both really love to play house with dolls this size and love that it can go in the tub. My daughter plays with her brother's doll every chance she gets and now she is asking for her own for her 5th birthday. We had the difficulty with the back of the chair, but it hasn't been much of an issue for us. The doll itself is what they prize the most", 5.0
"My 2 1/2 year old loves this toy.  You can do so much with this one toy.  Not only can you play with pooh, but you can also use him as a bath toy.  My daughter felt like a little mommy playing  with pooh.  Changing his diaper, dressing him, and "bathing" him.  I highly recommend this toy.  It Makes a great gift for the kid who already has everything too", 4.0
"I purchased this kit for my son and my daughter.  They loved it! The instructions were simple and easy to follow. The graphics made it easy. The kids learned the science behind making such wonderful playthings such as a kaleidoscope, and a Periscope. They also learned to split the color of light using a Prism.  I've purchased other kits from this same publisher "Project Kits for Kids" and they were also fun for the kids and very educational.  I personally enjoyed reading the book and doing the projects with my kids.  Great value..", 5.0
"I'm not sure what the other reviewers were looking for, but the bottom line is that this product is finger paint. It is labeled as finger paint, and even though clear, it is still a paint product. It will be messy on your fingers, and like any finger paint, you should cover your surfaces- throw down some news paper or a place-mat first. Voila! Easy clean-up.", 4.0
"That being said, I think it's a great product for the recommended age. My daughter started with color wonder products at 18 months. Now, at almost 3, she actually enjoys them and is (somewhat) responsible with them. We take the marker sets everywhere: on airplanes, to restaurants, to grandma's house, in the stroller, etc.", 5.0
"True, the paint has a Vaseline-like consistency, but traditional finger-paint is like pudding anyway. Color Wonder Finger Paint does clean up well, the colors blend nicely and create really interesting swirls of colors (think easter egg dyes) and will provide hours of fun to a age-appropriate child who can handle waiting a moment for the color to appear. Part of the fun is the anticipation of the magic picture to show up.", 5.0
"Just try it, what could you lose", 5.0
"I think it's important to give this to kids at the right age. I bought the book and fingerpaints for my son when he was 2, and he was not interested. BUT, he was not interested in ANY drawing/painting in general. He is 3.5 now, and he just found he old book digging through his stuff, and he is amazed with it - he finished it in one evening. He still doesn't like coloring with crayons - this requires too much patience - but paints are a different story. Fingerpaints are especially interesting for him because of the element of surprise - they are all white but appear in color on paper, and the delay in color apperance, while irritating at first, is now cool.", 5.0
"Yes, the paints are a bit messy. No color, but they stay on face, clothes, ect., so again, make sure your child is not too young, and understands where the paint should go", 5.0
"I think this was such a wonderful concept for small children.Gone are the messy paint smears on tots clothing the rug, funiture etc.  So great for the very youngest ages.  I bought this for a child staying with me and she just loves it, no-one stands over her saying be careful.  She just colors and colors, what fun", 5.0
"Using the Color Wonder Finger Paints is basically like dipping your hand in Vaseline.  It's greasy, hard to wash off, and stains.  I would never buy this again nor for anyone else.  I strongly urge against purchasing this product.  Crayola, shame on you", 5.0
"I am a bargin shopper and only bought this because it was on clearance at Walmart, BUT when I got it home, me and my 6 year old son opened it and had a ball. A little secret..... when he was at school today, I was coloring on it. It is so much fun watching the paint "magically" appear. I definatelyl recommend this product.", 5.0
"We had moderate success with the Color Wonder markers, and made the next logical leap to the paints.  DON'T DO IT!  First of all, your child will start out by digging their fingers all the way into the paint - it's just human nature - so the paints are used up very fast.  They'll empty the little troughs within a half an hour.", 5.0
"Secondly, these paints are almost messier than colored paints.  These aren't the hard-until-you-wet-them kinds of paints you're used to.  These are soft paints all the way through, with the consistancy of ChapStick, and just as greasy.", 5.0
"After rubbing the paints all over the paper, the paper is left with a heavy, greasy, transparent feel - days later,the paper's still not dry.  Weeks and months later, the paper is still too disgusting to pick up.  Yuck!", 5.0
"I agree with prior reviews which site a child's lack of creativity, etc., but I think it's okay to just be messy sometimes.  Having said that, this is just TOO messy and yucky to deal with.  Go get some water color pencils or better yet, stick with grade-school acrylics", 4.0
"Finally a paint set where I don't have to worry about spills or messes! My kids were thrilled to receive this from "Santa" at Christmas. They love to paint but I have always discouraged it in the house. (We have a galley kitchen,and carpet in Dining room. Worried about the carpet.)Well no longer! They loved being able to paint and it kept them occupied for at least 20 minutes, and I didn't have to hover over them.", 5.0
"I will admit that my youngest daughter did dig into her paint, and it is all gone. But she is learning to use it correctly with her older sister. I know we will be buying more in the future for more fun!", 4.0
"**If you have NO R/C flight knowledge dont NOT get this get an AirHogs Areo Ace! You will love it and you cant hurt them.", 1.0
"Ok this item is a 2ch diffrental thrust r/c plane er.. superman. It will fly, and pretty fast too! Its basicly a delta with two pusher motors, and a Sanyo 120mah Nimh pack, it gets about 5 mins of flight time, the control range is great for a product like this 27mhz not sure of the CH #. It flys fast and range cut out at about 200' Alot of potential for upgrades to real hobby gear.", 1.0
"I found the item to be well made and easy to use.  It was a clever idea and my grandson enjoyed it a lot.  Using Amazon was also a plus, no crowds to contend with", 5.0
"GOOD PART: This thing will fly high,soar on currents, and is a lot of fun once you get the hang of it. I would recommend it to someone with at least SOME experience! The controls are touchy and it will spiral to the ground if you hold too long. It's pretty tough and will take some hard   hits without damage. BAD PART : I only got eight good charges out of eight AA batteries and am experimenting with charging from a 12V mower battery. Rechargeable AA's ("Pure Energy") are available from a Canadian company. A great plane for kids is the little bi-plane from "Air Hog". It's practically bulletproof, easy to fly, and doesn't eat up batteries", 5.0
"We bought this for our son's birthday and it was his big present.  He's a superhero nut and had been begging for this since he first saw it.  After we had it put together and charged it up we went to walk outside.  He dropped it a distance of about 2 and 1/2 feet and the it broke OFF at the knees!!!  Much crying insued.  After a quick trip to get glue we tried to fly the darn thing.  It never flew.  This should be more correctly termed a glider at best and definately not for children under say 14 or so.", 4.0
"We were able to return it thank goodness.  I must say this is just another in the long line of large Mattel products we have bought that are not put together well and do NOT stand the test of play.  Such as the The Batman Batcave (falls apart), The JLA watchtower(won't stand up), the mini Batcave (falls apart) etc. etc.  I think we have learned our lesson", 4.0
"First, let me say, this is the first RC plane of any type that I have ever flown.  After thouroghly reading the instructions last night, this afternoon I took Supes on his maiden voyage.  I did have some crashes, but after about 10 - 20 minutes of trial and error, I started getting some decent flights.  I admit I was skeptical at first, but this thing actualy does fly!  It does have a tendency to veer to the right, but once I got the hang of it I was able to fairly easily compensate for it by steering in the other direction (I have not tried using the included weights to balance it yet).  Keys to a successful flight:  1) needs a LARGE open area: for example, we used a soccer field  2)wind must be relatively calm  3)follow the instructions for proper release/launch.  When you're flying you'll probably want to keep it over a soft grassy area, Supes earned a few battle scars landing in the road (nothing major though).  I must say, my son and I had a blast watching him fly!", 1.0
"Note: It may be a little too difficult for younger kids to fly themselves.", 1.0
"My son earned this toy by winning a gold medal in his TKD tournament.. We hqad to have it overnighted due to his excitement!", 1.0
"When it arrived we charged it and finaly got to take it outside to fly.....well, we took it outside.  This is a joke!  There is no way with our current laws of physics that this thing can fly.  We added the weight stickers to balance teh man, as per the instructions..we charged it every few minutes, as per the instructions...but nothing ever happened except the spiderman would nose dive as soon as it was released....Oh...did I mention the tears from my son?  Overall, I would say that this was the worst purchase that I have ever made in my life.  We have hidden the spiderman in the attic so it will not bring up any bad memories with my son.  Maybe one day he too can get it from the attic and disappoint his children.. Buyer .. beware", 1.0
"I am an avid R/C enthusiast - I couldn't wait to try this toy and see if it really flew!  So here is the scoop....", 5.0
"1)  There should be almost NO wind present if you want any chance of a successful flight - resist the temptation to fly in gusty or strong winds. 2) The right and left controls are VERY sensistive - a turn requires about one second of control input - any more than that and the turn will become a massive SPIRAL - it looks cool - but you may only get one chance to see it! 3)  Fly in a LARGE open area.. Bottom line - very cool toy - It does fly, in fact it looks very cool in flight.  It is very quick for a plane like this.  If you have low wind, go easy on the controls and have a big area to fly it in you should have a blast - if not, choose something else so your not disappointed", 5.0
"This toy is very fun.  It takes about an hour to learn to fly it and to properly weight the wings.  You definitely need a litle wind to keep it in the air.  Do not be discouraged by the crashes in the beginning.  Make sure you fly it in a big open field - it is a pain to get it out of a tree.  Be patient and have fun.  This toy is great for all comic fans and for r/c beginners who want an inexpesive and duarble r/c plane.", 1.0
"Simple as that, it doesn't work. Well let's put it this way, it works as well as a pair of x-ray specs. I weep for the poor children whose dreams will be dashed by this", 5.0
"I shopped extensively and Amazon had the best price.  The wagon had to be assembled which was easy to do. The husband didn't swear and actually commented on the quality of the hardwoods and flush mounted screws. I thought I would use additional water sealant but the wagon is nicely finished.  Oh, one other thing  a standard baby bassinet mattress fits beautifully for some padding. The handle is longer than a generation ago, my 6'1" husband is comfortable pulling the wagon", 5.0
"im 7years old i ride in it all the time im small 7 years old", 4.0
"My son received the town & country wagon for Christmas when he was 2 years old, he is now 30 years old and has a son of his own, who will be riding in the same wagon he rode in.  He took care of it and it is in the same condition as when he got it.  It is a very good wagon and lasts forever if you don't abuse it.", 5.0
"Kids have ridden in it, carried dolls, toys, etc in it and it is still here.  We even use it under the Christmas tree each year with toys in it.  My grandson and two granddaughters are enjoying it now as much as he did 30 years ago.  Great buy for the money", 5.0
"I received this wagon for Christmas 23 years ago, and did a little refurbishing for my son. My sisters and I played with our wagons all the time as kids---hauling each other, dirt, dolls, neighbors-etc. all over the neigborhood. Mine was in played with but great condition until about 3 years ago when my older sister left it out in the rain for a few months! (her kids played with them and left them out) The whole inside wood panel warped beyond repair and it developed some rust here and there from being rained on repeatedly. Our Dad was really mad--because he paid good money for the wagons (we each had one, 3 in all--and yes, she left them all out in the rain) so I decided to refurbish it. I took it apart, sanded it, repainted the red panels, stained and sealed the wood, repainted the black metal and decided to switch the tires out for the air tires similar to those on the ATW wagon.  I also replaced the wood panel that you sit on inside--so basically all parts are original except the tires and the wood panel seat. It looks new again and my son loves it! It cost about 20$ to repair (for the wood, paint, and stain) The tires were optional since there was nothing wrong with the originals. Well worth putting the work into--and I still have a great wagon! If you take care of this wagon and don't leave it out in the elements it will last you a long time! (as I said, until 3 years ago it was like new) We also purchased the pads--and love them", 5.0
"My 2-year-old cousin got this wagon for Christmas and I was amazed at how fun it was. It is great for outdoors, and can easily go over all different types of terrain. It is safe because it is hard to tip over, even when you go over bumps. The high walls make it hard for children to fall out. It can teach your child to share because everyone will want a turn in the wagon and your child will have to learn to give other kids a chance. Also, like most other Radio Flyer wagons, it seems very durable if you take care of it properly", 5.0
"I received this wagon second hand, and I'm glad I didn't spend the outrageous price charged for it. Yes, it's relatively durable (although ours literally fell apart under my 2 year old the other day. A nut holding the wagon together worked itself loose on our walk and the whole thing went to pieces. Replacing the nut fixed the problem), but it also tips easily. The handle is much too short. I've had to tie a piece of rope to the handle so that I can reach it without bending over. It is a really rough ride, and my son never looks very comfortable in it. All in all, I think I'll be passing it on and buying something else. Maybe I'm just picky, but I'd rather pay for quality, not the Radio Flyer name. ***ETA*** Please excuse the incorrect stars given to this product. I'm not sure what happened. I meant to give it 1 star, not 5", 5.0
"My son has had this wagon since before he could walk.  His grandparents have had many a wonderful walk, pulling him along in the wagon.  He is now almost 8 years old, and still loves to play with it, using it to transport rocks, wood and (occasionally) mud.  It still looks almost as new as the day we got it", 5.0
"I had one of these as a kid let me tell you it took alot of ruffness and it was the strongest wagon I have ever had.  Now that I have kids they have one and its so cool how the sides come off so when even the kids get bigger you can have just the three sides on and have a bench.  AS far as the paint coming off sure with wear but it is non-toxic.  Plus any item paint wears off but you are not going to find a more durable sturdy wagon anywhere but Radio Flyer I am a loyal customer and will always be.  We love this wagon", 5.0
"This is great for Polly lovers.  My little girl loves this.  It wasn't at all hard to put together.", 5.0
"We bought this for our daughter last Christmas and she is still playing with it.  Anyone who has bought Mattel products (Barbie) should know how these toys are made.  Our daughter was able to play independently with it and had a great time.  We did need to keep snapping in the ski lift but it isn't a big deal.  One year later and nothing has broken yet", 4.0
"I got this toy last year for christmas when I was 11. I am a skater so I loved the theme. The only thing I don't really like is the ski lift because the polly doll falls off at the top, but other than that it is still a wonderful toy", 4.0
"This is one of Mattel's greatest ideas ever for Polly Pockets. I got it for Christmas and it is VERY durable. My 10 year old sister and I love it. We play with this set almost every week. This is one of my favorite toys", 5.0
"My daughter age 7 spent about 5 minutes on this toy before discarding it.  It is pretty flimsy and doesn't do much.  All in all, it was a great sales job by Polly Pocket to make the toy look so good to her on TV and to not follow through.", 5.0
"Typical kids tv commercial toy", 5.0
"THIS TOY WAS A GOOD IDEA BUT THE MANUFACTURER DID NOT TAKE THE TIME TO MAKE THIS A QUALITY PRODUCT.  UPON PUTTING THIS TOY TOGETHER, YOU WILL NOTICE THE VERY POOR MAKEMANSHIP COMPARED TO OTHER POLLY PRODUCTS.  THE PLAYSET WILL NOT HOLD, THE PARTS THAT ARE SUPPOSED TO STAY TOGETHER WILL NOT.  THE SKILIFT KEEPS FALLING OFF, THE TOWER WILL NOT STAY CONNEFCTED TO THE SKI LIFT, THE FOLD OUT LOUNGE WILL NOT CONNECT TO THE PLAY SET, AND THE CANDLE HOLDER WAS BROKEN WHEN WE OPENED IT ON TOP OF THAT.  EVEN ONE OF THE COATS RIPPED RIGHT IN HALF WHEN I GENTLY PULLED IT OFF THE DOLL.  THIS TOY IS TRASH.  I WISH I WOULD NOT HAVE WASTED THE MONEY ON IT OR TIME PUTTING IT TOGETHER BECAUSE IT IS IN A HEAP ON THE FLOOR.  MY DAUGHTER WHO IS SIX SAYS "THIS TOY IS NO FUN, IT WONT STAY TOGETHER"  I PLAN ON CALLING MATTEL AND REQUESTING A REFUND/EPLACEMENT TOY DUE TO DEFECTIVE QUALITY", 5.0
"Like others have mentioned this is not the sturdiest of toys.  You MUST place it on a solid level surface, otherwise it wobbles and pieces disconnect/fall apart.", 1.0
"From a parents perspective, I am greatly disappointed with the overall quality.  This was obviously not well thought out.  It was designed to be easily broken down for storage.  Unfortunately... too easily, and playing with it is sometimes troublesome, especially when little hands are trying to deal with the small space that the scale of Polly Pocket toys demand.", 2.0
"That being said, my daughter loves it and has not stopped playing with it for two days now.  For a child that gets bored with a single toy quite easily, that is a ringing endorsement that can not be put fully into words.", 5.0
"Best recommendation... if you are going to buy this, wait for a sale", 5.0
"Very flimsy, chintzy, etc... My five year old cannot play with this because it keeps falling apart!  I would return it except she's playing with all the "clothes" that come with it.  I wish I had read reviews before I paid money for it. We have other Polly Pocket stuff and are happy with it.  This however, it a piece of JUNK!  Don't waste your money", 2.0
"These are very sturdy, well-constructed wooden blocks. My daughter loves to build with blocks, but she was limited with her small set of plain blocks. This set has let her build many different structures using the unique shape blocks including columns, arched doors and steps. We are probably going to buy another set so she can build bigger buildings.", 5.0
"These are nice blocks, but there are not near enough of them.  There are only 4 columns.  How much can it cost to spin those out, anyway?  $50 - fergitabout.", 5.0
"Knowing from the other reviews in what to expect in the shipping of the train table, I was pleased.  It did have a couple of dings in it, but it was still usable.  It was such a great deal, even with the shipping issue.  I probably would have been less pleased if I hadn't known the issue from the other reviews.  The kids love it.  I love the trains off of my coffee table and in the playroom", 5.0
"Okay this table is perfect for my daughters Little People, but the packaging that it came in was horrible. When I received this item on my door step, there was a hole at the bottom of the package and it was missing 9 screws. So I had to go to Home Depot and find some similar just so that I could put it together. After all that hassle was said and done, this table is good...my daughter LOVES it", 5.0
"I researched the web looking for a play table.  This one was the best.  It is affordable and easy to put together.  I bought it for a play table for blocks.  The kids love it.  The only draw back is, no drawers.  However, it has space under it for bins", 5.0
"Received item in terrible packing, slight damage, missing all screws.  Hard to put together a table with no screws!  Amazon customer service was nice enough, but still no screws.  Sending back is going to cost as much as the table.  In addition, manufacturer contact information is nonexistant.  I guess you get what you pay for", 5.0
"The packaging for this product is unacceptable.  The first table I received was completely beat up/busted on every corner.  I sent it back only to recieve a second one in the same condition...poorly packaged and damaged beyond use.  I didn't even have to take it out the box...the damage was visible through the broken packaging everywhere.  The price with free shipping is the catch, but it is a game to see what you'll get.  I guess this is why they are $49.99.  You're lucky if you get one you can use.  I was not lucky", 5.0
"For the money, this is a great train table.  It's large (around 48 inches by 36 inches) and sturdy.  Also, it qualifies for Amazon's Prime which means UPS 2nd day shipping was free.  (not bad for something that weighs close to 40 pounds).  It came with all the hardware and I had it put together in about 30 minutes.  Recommended", 4.0
"Batman is a little hard when it comes to the middle of the game.", 4.0
"I sometimes have my parents help me with that part of the game and I still", 5.0
"can't figure it out. I am good at my math skills,but in this part of the game I don't know if I jump,press the B button,or press the A button.", 5.0
"A similar Leapster game is "Second Grade." That game is excellent for", 5.0
"third,fourth,and fifth graders. I prefer playing "Second Grade" instead of", 5.0
""Batman.", 5.0
"You have to get this game for your leapster, and if you don't have one yet, get the whole system! It's just awesome! My five-year-old LOVES, LOVES, LOVES this game. Although it's meant for 4th graders, he has no problems with the math questions which all have to be answered prior to going to the next level. It has all of Batman's villans - the Joker, Mr. Freeze, Cluemaster, etc.  The math questions get harder on the higher levels and I about passed out when my five-year-old was learning about Scalene triangles and the dimensions of an isosoles triangle and breezing through it like it was nothing. Then, my husband gets ahold of it and just cannot put it down.", 5.0
"All this to say that this is very, very addictive and they should put that warning on the label! This is a great son and dad game to play too, especially when it's projected onto the television with the leapster L-Max. If you know of someone who hates math, by all means buy this game.  It certainly will erase all of that and provide a very, very enjoyable learning experience as well.", 5.0
"You just can't get a better toy or a better learning tool. Praise God for Leapfrog. We've been buying their stuff since my son was born and everything has been so wonderful. This has absolutely by far been one of the best inventions yet for learning.  Absolutely unbelievable.  Love this game and I highly recommend it!", 5.0
"This is a fantastic game!!  My kids loved playing with it plus it teaches math.  Luckily, we didn't have to pay full price because we bought it on ebay", 5.0
"I have spent a great deal of time and money looking around for games and tools that my 9 year old with special educational needs could play without being self-concious.  He has been teased over and over about games that he plays with being a "baby" game, but leapster managed to help out with that.  I HIGHLY reccomend any L-Max game.  These games are based on education within a "normal" game setting. You can't advance in the game without getting the answers correct. Leapster is the answer to my prears. Fun and learning at the same time. If you have a child that is behind in the major subjects invest your money in leapster. You won't be sorry!", 5.0
"I have to help him from time to time, but he loves this game.  Even I had fun playing it!", 5.0
"My 7 year old LOVES this game!!!!!!Loves trying to beat the "BAD" guys, I love the math practice", 5.0
"We have an advanced 6 year old who LOVES this game.  She is no tomboy, but rather a "Barbie" girl.  I was reluctant about getting this for her, but it turns out that she adores playing it.  We got this game for her L-Max.", 5.0
"My son just received a leapster and the batman game for christmas. What a hit! My son is in the second grade and is very eager to learn his division and multiplication. This game is educational as well as challenging. And it's an added plus that it features all of his favorite characters from batman", 5.0
"This game is excellent my 3rd grader LOVES it.  My husband wouldn't stop playing. My 5 year old wants to play it, but I have to help her.  She'll be learning her times tables in no time", 5.0
"very simply item --- seems expensive for what you get, but pricing is in line with all the Brio and Thomas products.  Isn't much without the separate North Pole kit..", 4.0
"The Polar Express set is really unique.  The train is beautiful; the bell is a fun feature, and I love the way the scenery works.  It's really clever, I think, to have the snowman and tree hold up the houses.  Very unique and distinctive!", 1.0
"The tunnel, like the Brio Mountain Adventure Figure 8 set's tunnel (which has the same shape but different coloration), is beautiful but a bit short.  Our Maple Landmark Name Train and Little Engine That Could have clearance issues with it, but that's pretty common since they're so tall.", 4.0
"My big beef with this set is that there are no magnets on the engine.  In order to connect the engine to another train, one must hook the engine to its tender and use the tender for the connection.  A bit frustrating, particularly if you're a kid who just wants to hook a train up.", 5.0
"Still, as I said, this set is very unique, and its combination of features makes it irresistible desipte the drawbacks", 4.0
"We love the Brio train set, and are in the process of collecting a Brio set for each of our sons birthdays and Christmas'.  The wood is soft enough so that a child that is rough with it can toss it around and it may get dented, but doesnt break.  The only negative with this particular set is that the plastic scenery pieces dont seem to stand well in the wooden stands.  Other than that, we are loyal Brio buyers because you can collect to  your hearts content and always know that they will mix and match with the other sets", 1.0
"The house a 2 dimensional cut sheets of plastic with an image only on one side.", 4.0
"The train can only really be pulled and not pushed because the car behind the engine has a different kind of link that makes it awkward to push.", 1.0
"Everything else is standard Brio.  If you decide to buy this, you definately want to get the North Pole set with the Christmas tree as it makes a wonderful sound.", 5.0
"Great fun. Add the north pole unit to it and let the fun begin. Great alternative to the electric version.Easy set up look on box cover", 5.0
"I got this for my son who had just turned 5 years old at the time.  At first, he was scared of it and did not want it in his room, but after he discovered how you can use the tools to extract various guts and organs, he loved it!..  We both take turns drawing on it.  The drawings come off completely when washed.  This has really sparked creativity in my son.  I highly recommend it", 5.0
"A lot of people complain about how nasty these things are, but frankly its just good fun.  I bought one for my son for Christmas and he loves it.  Very cool toy", 5.0
"This was our gift to our 4yr old because he's facinated with the human body.  Very clever idea and all pull-out body parts are attached, so no chance of losing anything. it comes with three markers and surgical tools. He was thrilled with it for awhile, but my kids are notorious for becoming bored with an item to quickly.", 4.0
"I purchased this toy as a gift for my 5 year-old nephew and it was a big hit.  He had received many other gifts but had to open this one right away and start playing with it. He and 2 other children spent quite a while drawing on it toghether...all boys.It was nice that it was something they could play with together. I had purchased the toy not realizing that you could open the head to pull out a brain and the chest to pull out a heart ect. I was initially not too comfortable with this feature of the toy. However, when the boys played with it, they initially laughed at the parts and then paid little attention to them. These parts are not very realistic looking were good for a quick chuckle. My nephew continues to play with it frequently and it washes well. I have suggested it to a few other people with young boys", 4.0
"The Doodle gross out monster is a neat little toy that kids, especially young boys are sure to love.  It's a kind or crazy looking, horned monster that functions not only as an effective stuffed companion, but also as an interactive toy.  There are several hidden surprises on the monster for kids to "dissect".  Peel back the hair and you can take out the monsters brain.  He also has a "bat in his belfry" up top as well.  The brain is attacked to a thick string that is also attached to his pair of eyes.  unwind the string from the brain and the eyes dangled out of his head.", 4.0
"next open up the monster's belly to reveal his heart and stomach.  He also has a hidden skeletal hand.  The toy comes with three washable markers that allow kids to draw on their monster and create accents and designs.  Throw it in with the wash to clean the marker and start over again.  Lots of fun for kids.  Not too gross...gross in a humorous way", 5.0
"This was one of best things our grand son received for his 5th birthday.  He loves to play with it.  He has a very creative mind and the stories he makes up are fun to watch and listen to", 4.0
"I purchased this item for my 4, almost 5 year old.  It is way over his head...not surprisingly as it is almost over mine.  As stated in another review, this looks more like a rescue vehicle than a firetruck...also...the multiple pieces that come with this toy make it that much more of an advanced toy...not really for a 3 year old.  The manufacter recommended age is 36 months to 8 years.  I would say more like 6 to 8 years and no less.  I almost feel like it is a collectors item that should be sitting on a shelf...so you don't lose it's parts...but I do not think the manufactuer's intended it to be so.  Unless your child is a perfectionist and super detailed...this really isn't the toy for them (in my opinion, of course)", 4.0
"My son in 3-1/2 and all he talks about is fishing he loves it.  The magnets on the pole work great, the pole is easy to rewind.  I have seen other sets that did not have the net and bucket it's very true to life.  The tackle box itself is easy to open and close for his little hands. Thanks for this great product.", 4.0
"We bought this for our 3-1/2 year old son who loves to go fishing with his dad.  Now they go fishing everyday indoors.  This is a great set complete with a pole, net, bucket and four colorful fish all contained in a tackle box.  The magnets on the fishing line and fish are very strong so that it is easy to "hook" your catch.  This toy encourages imagination. Our little fisherman spins new fish tales with each fishing expedition.", 2.0
"I originally felt the item was a little pricey but after we received it the quality matches the cost.  It's a sturdy, well-made toy with little to no safety issues (none that I can find).", 1.0
"The set comes in a nice box - important if you are considering gift giving.  Looks very nice in the box.  The pieces are the same somewhat brittle plastic that is always used for toy swords.  They will not stand up to hacking at a rock for instance, but they are fine for waving around like crazy.  And they are hard enough to really hurt if your two year old gets ahold of one and starts slashing. For the five year old I purchased these for however, they are perfect.  Two different sizes of swords and then the protective gear make it a nice set.  The helmet is too small for children much older than five but the weapons look good enoght to entice slightly older kids.  Glad I bought it, would have been worth it even at the original $12.00 price", 4.0
"The "Vezon and Fenrakk" Bionicle is everything my oldest grandson wanted it to be. He along with his brothers have nearly every Bionicle available. The durability and versatility along with the price is a great item", 4.0
"When Mickey Mantle joined the New York Yankees in 1951 he became the next great link in the chain of Hall of Fame Yankees sluggers that went back from "The Mick" to the Yankee Clipper Joe Dimaggio, the Iron Horse Lou Gehrig, and the Sultan of Swat Babe Ruth.   "The Commerce Comet," far and away the greatest switch-hitting power hitter of all time, won the American League Most Valuable Player award three times, was named to 16 All-Star teams, and played on seven World Champion teams.  His 536 career home runs put him third on the all-time list when he retired after the 1968 season, but currently that is good enough for 12th place on career list.  Looking back at Mantle's career fans have always wondered what he could have accomplished if he had not had all of these knee injuries and if he had taken better care of himself (ironically, here is somebody who could have used steroids just to become healthy again, unlike the four players who have based him in career homeruns who are generally believed to have jacked up their home run numbers by taking performance enhancing drugs).", 5.0
"This six-inch figure shows the muscular Mantle hitting what we can assume is one of those 536 home runs (or one of the 18 he hit in the World Series), from the left side of the plate.  In this version he is wearing the gray road jersey of the New York Yankees, although there is an alternate version of this figure wearing the familiar pinstripes of the Yankees home uniform that you can track down.  There are bulging muscles on Mantle's arms worthy of a statue by Michelangelo, and lots of dirt on his lower legs and cleats as we have come to expect from the people at McFarlane Toys.  The face, always the most difficult part of these action figures to capture, is okay, but the main attraction here is capturing the power of the Mick's swim and that they have managed to accomplish.", 5.0
"There is a minor complaint in that while McFarlane Toys has advanced beyond making us slice open the hands of a figure to put a bat into position (e.g., Jason Giambi from their Series 3 set of MLB Baseball figures) by having the knob of the bat come off so we can just slide it into place and then reattach the knob, I have not yet been able to get the bat handle through both of the figures hands to be able to pop the knob back on.  Otherwise the only other comment of note would be that Mantle's hair is a darker brown that we remember.", 5.0
"In addition to Mantle, Series 3 of the Cooperstown Collection offers up Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers sliding into home plate, Roberto Clemente of the Pittsburgh Pirates awaiting a pitch at the place, New York Yankee Don Mattingly about to make contact with a pitch, Carlton Fisk of the Boston Red Sox urging his famous home run in Game 6 of the 1975 World Series, and a 2nd Edition figure of Nolan Ryan following through on a pitch as a member of the California Angels.  We already have figures of Ruth and Mantle's teammate Yogi Berra, as well as Reggie Jackson, but Yankees fans are now looking forward to figures of Gehrig and DiMaggio (and Whitey Ford) in future Cooperstown Collections.  But so far nothing has been announced for any of McFarlane's sports figures sets for 2007", 5.0
"These blocks looked better in the picture. They are made of cardboard and are fairly insubstantial for the money.", 4.0
"I thought that these blocks might provide "hours of play" and what they provided were hours of assembling cardboard box blocks, and very little play for my 2 and 4 year olds.  First, there are not enough blocks to make much of anything.  Second, the blocks are so light, they topple easily.  The picture on the box shows kids playing in a castle like structure built with these blocks, but I don't see how that is possible.  Save your money.  Use old shoeboxes", 4.0
"The shark reef is very cool looking, has very good instructions and is beautifully constructed.  However the three sharks that they give you to put in with the live fish, really crowd the other fish-  they didn't look happy.  So we took the sharks out and they were happier, but 2 days later the larger fish died.  2 smaller fish remain, but based on what I read about aquariums, smaller aquariums are difficult to maintain because the PH levels can get off easily due to excess food or excess waste produced by the fish.  I worry that my son will get disappointed if we keep losing fish..", 5.0
"I love lps toys.  They are so cute.  The cats can play with the butterfly or mouse they can scurry from the door to the window or take a nap on the rugs on the top of the house. plus not only the 3 cats can fit in the house more can too.  Each of them have a magnet on their foot.  I am so excited that im getting more next saturday.  I already have 15. I love lps toys", 5.0
"Just what I was looking for in a sleeping bag with built-in air mattress.  Great for camping or sleepovers.  Well made and a good deal", 1.0
"I was ELATED to discover the culinary masterpiece that is Hasbro REAL MEAL OVEN Refills.  As a career woman on the go, I'm frequently short on time, and these Real Meal options provide me with variety, taste, and economic value.", 5.0
"Not all of us have time to go to Costco to purchase 'ketchup' for our pasta, nor do we have the hours expendible to dabble in La Rousse Gastronomique's ample pages for recipes. After a board meeting w/ the Donald, I am far too exhausted, hungry and emotionally drained to do more than switch on a lightbulb, therefore, these Real Meals are so good, I'd swear, Julia Child's ghost has been visiting my kitchen; leaving me scores of ectoplasmic treats.", 5.0
"Zagat Survey would rate this item 30 out of 30 for decor, taste and price, I assure you, you would not be disappointed, either.", 5.0
"One would be remiss to pass up such an exquisite banquet", 4.0
"My daughter recieved an easy bake oven for Christmas. I had fond memories of mine in the sixties. But I remember being able to eat the food I made. We have tried a lot of receipes.  The mac and cheese was disgusting, my daughter could not eat it. The "pizza" was disgusting, we had to add our own ketchup, the cake mix did not rise one iota and had to be scraped out of the pan.The brownie mix did not rise and also had to be scraped out of the pan. The descriptions of the food and picture on the very expensive packets are misleading and false advertising.  From the size of the barbie size portion to the appearance of the food even when following the directions exactly.  Horrible. I cringe every time my daughter wants to take it out to use. Don't waste your money, time or electricity.", 5.0
"If there was 0 stars, that's what it would get.  My kid INSISTED on buying this crap.  I said it was okay, hoping she wouldn't eat it.  Then she cooked it in her easy bake.. very excited about it.. and I absoloutly refused to let her eat it.  It was GROSS.  the smell was revolting.  She ate it anyway and nearly threw up.  Thanks but.. GROSS.", 5.0
"this pasta is really nasty. it tastes like cardboard. please do not eat or buy it. it looks nasty too", 4.0
"The power button is little hard for a 12 month old. The product stated it was for a 12 to 36 month old, but the red button is little hard to push and even hards an adults finger at times. I find my 12 month old granddaughter using both hands at times", 5.0
"I think this is one of the greatest ride-ons for a younger toddler!  I bought this for my 18 month old daughter and she absolutely loves it!  Yes, it doesn't have a reverse, but in my opinion, this ride-on is more of a "first" training ride-on. I don't want my daughter learning how to flip a switch to reverse at 18 months! She loves to go around the back yard in it and she hasn't gotten stuck once.  I give it 5 stars!!!", 5.0
"I just had to say, the shipping on this toy is "superman Fast".", 5.0
"I ordered it on a monday night and received it wednesday morning!!!!! This is a great toy for a toddler's first power wheels. Thanx Amazon", 5.0
"I am not a fan of the imaginext line...It's just too much confusion even with the instructions.  Legos makes much more sense to me.", 4.0
"We got this set for our 5 year-old after he had requested a similar set that cost $99 from Playmobil! At only $25, this was a bargain! It is very sturdy (we have not had any problems with pieces falling off/apart or the pieces not fitting properly - it is a simple snap-together process to get the pieces in). There are several cool features - although, as others have mentioned, there is no "friend/foe" recognition feature on the fortress and the only "eagle" thing we could find was a small black bird that looked more like a crow/raven.", 4.0
"We have had lots of luck with the Imaginext line of products - we also have the pirate ship, which we purchased last year. The sets come with lots of fun "extras", like the trap doors and things that move, open, close, etc. These allow for lots of imaginative play for your children. My son also loves that he can rearrange the pieces and put the castle or pirate ship together the way he wants - he rearranges them all the time and he has no problem getting the pieces together and having them stay (again, he's 5), so it really is easy to put together.", 5.0
"I gave this a medium score on educational value as it's great for imaginative play and learning cause/effect, but there's really no "academic" features. Still, it's a great toy that has been hours of fun at our home and we would recommend this or any other Imaginext set to anyone! For the price, I cannot imagine getting anything better, or anything that could even come close", 4.0
" This was easy to put together and seems to not to be flimsy at all, as other reviews indicate.  I think people need to learn how to snap pieces together: push tab into slot and snap!  It's not that difficult, people!  The directions were visual only but very straight forward.", 4.0
"Personally, I'm the kind of dad who likes to build these things and then stand back and watch my son riff on the themes and use his imagination.  As he likes to play with dinosaurs, dragons and king kong, this is a nice companion set to the T-Rex Mountain.  All the characters and situations interact and my son's imagination is the only thing that sets the limits.", 5.0
"Imaginext toys are fun, easy to put together, durable, and lend themselves well to children with active imaginations.", 5.0
"Peace", 5.0
"I was scared after reading reviews whe we origionally put this on our wish list.", 4.0
"BUt my intial thought\hope reigns true.", 4.0
"this is an amazing set.  I cant imagine how rough a child would have to play with this to have it fall apart every 5 minutes. Unless the pieces were not securely fastened.    It is a simple snap together system, that is meant to be taken down and rearranged by kids.  For that design concept and how they followed though, definately they earned 5 stars. I can see  younger kids taking awhile to really be able to build the castles themselves.  My son is perfectly happy letting us build the castle and him doing all the playing right now.", 5.0
" I see my 5 year old and 3 year old practically sitting on\in the toy and at worst the "jail" bars get knocked over. I have lifted it up and carried it across the room, VERY sturdy!! Of course I may see a problem here if some "Make up" sa castle and dont pay attention to building the floor plates to be secured together by the wall systems.", 2.0
"  IMO it is sturdy when properly built and snapped together.   Cant wait to add more!", 4.0
"We got this castle for our 5-year-old son, last Christmas.  It is pretty cool.  One problem, though, it seemed, was that it must be assembled in one spot and kept there.  If you move it, it'll likely fall apart.  At 5, our son really didn't play with it much.  However, this fall, he's begun to really spend time with it.  At first, the fact that it fell apart so easily after assembly was frustrating for him.  Now, it's a major benefit.  He doesn't have to go by the "rules".  He can put it together whichever way he wants to.  He's become very creative with it--even designing and constructing new additions to it on his own.  When you're buying for Christmas, it'd be fun to get them everything on their list--but not very appropriate.  We try to choose things for their durability and for their ability to let our children create and use their own imaginations--rather than TV or computer or video games doing things for them.  This castle was a great purchase.  We got a thrill when we saw him start playing with it extensively again--a year after he got it.  That's the kind of toy I want in my house.", 5.0
"My 6 year old received this toy as a birthday gift and he can't stop playing with it.  He loves changing his password and the fact that he can keep special things in it that his brother and sister can't get to.  This toy is very durable too(a hard find these days).  He's dropped it on the ceramic tile floor a few times and it still works like a charm", 5.0
"My (...) son got this for Christmas and he just loves this safe.  He has 3 brothers- so this is a place he can put his items in, and know they won't be able to get to them.  This safe is very durable and my son uses it daily, one of his favorite things about this is changing his password (almost everyday)LOL.  If you buy this I am sure you will see it is money well spent", 5.0
"I thought it would be bigger!! I was disappointed when I saw it!!", 5.0
"If I knew it was going to be this small I wouldn't have bought it. You can't put much in it really. Maybe my child will like it, I have no idea since I bought it as a christmas present. Everybody gave it a good review so I thought it was o.k. but they didn't say anything about the size. Disappointed customer", 5.0
"My son is 7 yrs old and we like this a lot.  It's interactive (in Batman's voice, "Tell Me The Secret Code", "Access Granted/Denied", "Tell Me The Secret Code Again", etc.)", 5.0
"Inside has secret drawers.  You can program a number pattern to open it, or use voice recognition.  We have difficulty getting it to recognize his voice but it's still very fun.  He ends up opening it with the numbers instead.  There is a hidden reset button if you forget the password, or want to change your voice", 4.0
"My son is 8 years old and has so much fun locking up his valuables.  We all enjoy trying to get into the Batman safe.   Only his voice works and when that fails he has a back-up number code.  He loves it", 1.0
"This came from a partner of Amazon, and it was received in a very timely manner.   The children (ages 9 and 11) absolutely LOVE this toy in their pool.   As their grandmother, I was pleased that they played with in all summer long amnd never tired of it", 4.0
"This has been an great pool toy!  It is not "nerf foam."  It is hard rubber.  It works just as advertized... it really can go as long as 40 feet.  It takes a minute to figure out the best way to throw it, but then the fun is never-ending.  My boys range in age from 12 years to 1 year.  The one year old has bit into it numerous times and has barely left a mark.  THIS TOY IS TONS OF FUN", 1.0
"These things are a blast.  We have two now, one for daytime and the kind with blinking lights for night time.  They are both hard rubber so I don't know why that person said it was styrofoam.  (I reported his review as inappropriate, he's just plain wrong.)", 5.0
"Best way to throw:  hold it a couple inches below the water and with a hand on EACH side shoot it forward.  WEEEEEE!!", 4.0
"I am embarrassed that I sent this as a gift to a relative.  What appeared to be a hard rubber toy when I bought it turned out to be nothing more than a styrofoam &quot;Nerf&quot; toy.  I have questions about its durability as  well", 5.0
"I am 13 years old and my family owns a toypedo twister.  It is one of our pool basics.  We never get tired of it, because there are so many games you can play with it!   Of course, how educational could a toy like this be,  except maybe to sharpen your throwing skills!  I would recommend the  orginal toypedo and the trident, a toy that you can take to the bottom of  the pool and send it bursting out of the water 3 feet in the air!  To say  one last thing about the toypedo twister, not one person who's played with  mine has ever gotten hurt", 5.0
"The dumper in the back is already full. My son can't put dirt or sand in the back and dump it out. It's already filled with plastic "dirt" with another layer of plastic "dirt" underneath that becomes visible when the top layer is "dumped." But even this dumpable top layer is attached to the toy...so nothing gets dumped! We got a tiny screwdriver and released a screw under the dumper (took forever), and the fake dirt popped out. Now my son is happy his Muck is "fixed".", 5.0
"He asked us to fix the bucket, which is not curved enough to scoop any sand or dirt because there's a magnet inside. But there's no screw. So he can only use the little log it came with. As clever as the magnet is, it's only fun for a day.", 4.0
"As is the trend, this toy is only capable of playing in a closed system. It doesn't fit into my son's life. Can't they just make me a Muck? Why do they have to gunk up the works", 5.0
"You can't go worng with Legos and this set is great... it mixes well with the other Bob the Builder Sets..  I like that you get an actual "play scene/set" that can be built", 5.0
"My boys love the Bob the Builder Legos Roley was a great addition to our team", 5.0
"I purchased this for my nine year old son, (actually he paid for it) and it went from out of the box to the play room and I haven't seen him since. It's a great toy, reminiscent of the Might Max from a couple of years back. He loves it! The pieces are just the right size for his hands. There are at least ten different play areas in it ie. broken bridge, rolling wheel, bones net, trap door, the Kracken, magnetic boats, etc. He paid less than twenty with the shipping included. It's definately worth every penny, in fact we're looking for more to add on to it", 5.0
"My boys (6, 4, and 2) love everything pirates...especially playsets and figures. I think the tiny size of these make them even more fun.", 5.0
"Despite its small size, this playset does a lot. The treasure chest sides can pull out and be configured in different ways. There are tiny settings for each of the major parts of the movies (the island, the building with the wheel, the port, the kraken, etc.) There are little boats, crates for the docks, a jail with barred doors that open, a boat launcher from the dock, a magnetic whirlpool area, the kraken, etc. Because it does so much, some of the pieces do come apart, but I think they are pretty easy to put back together.", 5.0
"There are a lot of small pieces, but the best part is that everything fits back in the treasure chest for storage", 4.0
"This ones a HIT, even with my 19 month old. My five year old got it from Santa and they fight over it. It has MICRO pieces that have them busy for hours. I purchased 2 more to put back when this one breaks, for the price, it is worth every penny", 1.0
"When my wife mentioned new pasta bowls as an anniversay gift, my first thought was to head directly to Pier One.  My second thought was, maybe I can decorate one myself.  Thank goodness I stumbled upon this product.  I painted one to look like an American flag and the other like a pepperoni pizza.  It was so simple.  Kids should have a great time with this. I know I did, and I'm the father of two.  Have Fun", 5.0
"The idea sounded great; but this item has no airholes,so basically the kids watch how insects die due to a lack of oxygen. I called the manufacturer (Backyard Safari and Summit Toy) as well as The Discovery Store (from where I purchased it) to find out if I was missing anything in the assembling of the habitat.  No one could give me a straight answer and no one has gotten back to me as of this writing.  Lack of communicating back with the consumer tells me one thing", 5.0
"The Lil' Doll High Chair and matching cradle were a great hit as Christmas gifts for my grandaughter, age 2 yrs. 8 1/2 mos. She loves both, and two months later still plays with them daily.  Her sister, age 5, also likes them; and the parents say these KidKraft toys are easy to assemble, sturdy, and attractive The cradle can be used as a magaziane rack by the girls when they are too old to play with dolls. I bought these because the white KidKraft table and chairs at my house are sturdy, easy to clean, and look great after 6 years of weekly use by one or more grandkids (boys and girls, ages now 2,3,6,and 8).", 1.0
"The highchair was a Christmas gift for our daughter, who just turned two.  She loves to play with her "babies."  She is having a great time with the highchair and promptly moved it next to her chair at the kitchen table, so her "babies" can eat with her.  The chair is sturdy and very cute.  It took my husband and 5-year-old son less than half an hour to assemble", 5.0
"Our son LOVES it. It assembles with ease (I recommend using an electric screwdriver) and looks as if it will be quite durable. Dont worry about the lid blowing away, just use Bungee Cords to hold it down.(see supplied image at product description", 2.0
"This was perfect since it combines a picnic table and sandbox into one unit.  My son can sit in the sandbox and keep his drink up on the table within reach, but out of the sand.  As the sun moves throughout the day, we simply take out the umbrella and stick it in the ground where ever we need the shade.  Before we filled it with sand this year, we used it as a pool too.  The only problem I found was the lid does not fit too great.  We've had a lot of rain this year and it flooded out the sandbox.  We now keep a tarp over it to prevent having to replace the sand - which if you've ever had to dig out a flooded sandbox, is not fun", 5.0
"My husband and I bought this Summertime Playcenter for our daughter's first birthday.  I was looking for a standing sand table but wanted sun protection (my daugher has very fair skin like her Mom!).  When I found this item I thought it would be great to have the sandbox plus picnic table and sun umbrella all in one - and it is!  She and 2 of her friends who are between 2-3 years old spent one entire Saturday afternoon in and out of the sandbox, spreading sand on the table, sitting at the table, and having a ball.  My husband also likes the fact that the set is plastic (easy to maintain vs wood) but doesn't look like a loudly colored hunk of plastic in the yard (made to look like wood).", 4.0
"Our lid was a bit misshapen from shipping but after leaving it on the sandbox in the sun for a couple of days, it fits tightly.  I would recommend removing the umbrella entirely when not in use - it's not too securely set into the table and can blow away even when down ... may be a safety hazard", 5.0
"This looks like an ideal toybox but it is not available in any store that I could find and the shipping cost is over $150- more than the purchase price.  That is absolutely unacceptable.  Why bother", 4.0
"My son has a lot of fun in this sandbox. I love the little attached picnic table because it gives me a place to sit while supervising my son while he's in the sandbox. The umbrella is a nce touch and adds great shade during hot, sunny days. I'm sure my son will get years of use out of the sandbox", 5.0
"I bought the summertime playcenter for my 3 year old grand-daughter.  She has been enjoying it so much, playing in the sand, pretending she's on a picnic while eating her lunch at the picnic table.  I really like the umbrella that protects her from the sun.  I highly recommend this playcenter", 5.0
"My daughter received this for her 1st birthday last summer and she loves it!  It is very durable and roomy.  Sometimes my daughter stands on the lid (she is now 2 and weighs 28 lbs.) but I can just pop it back into original shape.  I did read previous reviews regarding the lid but the lid on my sandbox is VERY sturdy and has not blown off (though the umbrella has numerous times).  Again, this was purchase last summer so I think the lid has changed.  The only problem is that the lid is slightly heavy and akward for me to put back on.  My daughter can get in and out of the picnic table without my help and it is a perfect size for her.  The table is roomy enough for her cousins (ages 2 and 4) to sit with her.", 4.0
"I just bought this sandbox for my 2 year old, and was concerned with the reviews stating that it did not keep the water out. When I opened the box, I noticed that the lid design had changed from the design pictured on the box and in the advertisements. This new lid does not fit tightly at all. I would recommend purchasing a bungee cord to strap it on when not in use. The good news is that after a long night of hail, torrential rains(3 inches worth), and 60-70mph winds, the sand was completely dry! I kept the lid on by throwing a waterhose over it right before the storms hit. My daughter absolutley loves this toy and I highly recommend it.", 4.0
"We bought this last spring(05) for our daughters 1st birthday.  We also have a now almost 2yr old and 4yr old, who both love this item.  Every day we come home and they want to get right in it.  Since is has a table, I can be doing my own thing and they can eat lunch a snack or whatever.  Just watch where the sand goes.  The only draw back is that it will hold water even if the plug is open and lid on.  So you just have to keep and eye out, and you may also want to put a brick on the lid during heavy rains and winds", 5.0
"My daughter, now seven, is in an advanced reading class. I thnk part of that reason is we encourage her to read and a big part of that was her using the leappad. This was one of many "books" that has helped to fuel her joy of reading. She loves Disney and Pooh Bear", 4.0
"This is one of my grandchild's favorite story at this time.  But then again she sleeps with Pooh at night.", 4.0
"A cute story. Like all Pooh stories. It's easy to use and we have fun playing together.", 5.0
"Need more priness stories for leap pad, or even the fox and the hound.", 5.0
"A bit more activities needed for children at this age. They do get bored easily.", 4.0
"This is a cute story. It works well with the leap pad system.", 4.0
"My only problem with this is I am very tired of this Pooh Story. Disney seems to have put this out in every medium available- dvd, video, books on tap, leap pad, computer games etc. There are other Pooh stories that are just as cute if not cuter. I'm tired of this one and so are my children.", 1.0
"If you have a Leappad book, I'd look at other stories before getting this one. It is a bit light on the activities compared to some of the other books.", 5.0
"Enjoy.", 5.0
"My children don't use the LeapFrog products as much as I thought they would, and in that sense, if you do not already own the LeapFrog unit, you may want to borrow a neighbors for a couple of weeks and see if your kids take to it.  That having been said, the products are of high quality, and the content is very good.  The "Pooh Gets Stuck" is fine, whether its any better than borrowing a Pooh book from the library and reading it with your child is another debate", 5.0
"My three and a half year old daughter likes this book.  She loves listening to the different silly sounds that are associated with each of the different pictures and locations in the book.  I would recommend this book for any child that like Pooh and his friends.  It is not as educational as most of the other books, but it makes a nice story", 4.0
"My daughter likes Pooh bear, so this is pretty good.  At 3, she is more interested in clicking onto the characters and hearing what they have to say; she is less interested in the story aspect at this time.  I think she will become more interested in that feature in another year.  Thus, it is pretty useful having the Leappad have both aspects", 4.0
"We had so much fun playing this game.  We had ages between 10 and 55 playing this game and we all had fun", 5.0
"This game adds in a lot of missing words that really make the game a lot more fun.  The only downside to this pack is that there are a lot of cards that have "&" as the word.  They aren't the best, but are useable.  Overall though, if you like the original Party Box, this makes a great add on to it", 2.0
"This is a great game to pull out when you want something to do with a big group of people, but don't want the hassle of learning a complex game and do want something flexible enough for people to wander in and out.  Works best for people who know each other at least somewhat.  It's always been a big hit among our friends and family.", 5.0
"You'd have to look hard to find a better party game than this.  First of all, it's very easy to play--the rules are so simple that anyone can learn to play it.  Second of all, it really gets everyone who is playing to talk and joke around.  The set is made up of red cards and green cards.  The green cards have adjectives on them and they players then try to choose the best match from the red cards, which have nouns on them, in their hand.  Of course, everyone will have a different opinion, so the fun begins.", 1.0
"I bought this recently and tried it out at several parties, and it was a great success.  In fact, it was difficult to get people to stop playing.  And to make it even better, some blank cards are included, so you can add some of your own ideas to personalize the game.  If you don't have this, you really need to pick it up.  You'll love it if you do", 4.0
"Wow. This game is an ingenius idea! Why didn't I think of it? For those who love a good, fun, educational, durable, perfect game, try Apples to Apples! It doesn't matter if you get the Junior edition or Party Box expansion - they're all great editions of my favorite game. If you haven't played Apples to Apples, you need to play NOW. The game play is basic and simple - you don't have to be the smartest person in class to figure out how to play! For anyone any age, try Apples to Apples - I've even seen a three year old play!", 5.0
"Basically, the judge, which everyone gets a chance to be, hands everyone five cards. Then, the judge lays a green card down in the center. Each player looks through their cards, which they don't show to anyone, and lays down one card of theirs facedown that fits the adjective of the green card. The judge doesn't lay a card down. Then, the judge turns the cards up and chooses the most creative card that fits the adjective. At the end of the game, whoever has the most green cards wins.", 2.0
"Try it today, or you're seriously missing out.", 5.0
"Mandy R", 5.0
"Apples to Apples really is the best game I've ever played - and I've played many a game.  This game is especially fun when the players are mildly intoxicated (drink responsibly).  It is a  great game to play with people you know really well, but is also fun to play with total strangers, and even children really like it.  I am 27, and I always bring it with me to parties - my friends are so used to me bringing it that when I show up, they ask, "Where's Apples to Apples?"  This game is more creative, entertaining, thought-provoking, and laughter-inducing than any other game I've ever played.  It forces you to think like your opponents.  It would make a great gift for anyone - young or old.", 5.0
"We've been playing Apples to Apples for years and it's awesome! We make sure to bring it every summer when all the families gets to together for a week in Maine because this is one of the few games we all can play, even the little ones.", 5.0
"We have the orginal Apples to Apples and all the expansion sets that I know of, I beleive there were 3.  My questions is, since the "Party Box" version includes the expansion sets, does the Party Expansion Set have new cards that have never been released before? We'd love to have new cards since we play it so much!", 1.0
"Our 2 1/2 year old and his 7 year old sister LOVE this toy!!  Even my patient kids who are great about taking turns get heated about who gets to go first with this one... so if you have more than one child, trust me, you'll want to get one of these for each of them", 1.0
"very poor quality for the price.  could not understand any recordings using the "effects" buttons.  the microphone cord doesn't look like it will last long.  i returned all three that i bought", 5.0
"This product is JUNK!", 5.0
"It is reccomended for ages 36 months to 4 yrs-----my son will be 4 in just 2 months----just right, right?---WRONG!!!!!", 5.0
"The voice function to sound like yourself crapped out in less than 24 hours, and the microphone stopped functioning all together on the third day!!!!!!", 5.0
"Last year some of my college roommates and I found a little envelope of these things in an old box and figured "why not give it a try?". Assuming we'd be growing some brine shrimp or something we threw them in some spring water and let em go. After a day or so we were about to throw them out, but noticed a small amount of life squirming in the bowl. The grew and after a few days we had a handfuk of triops getting bigger and bigger. They were awesome until they started eating each other. Cannibalism seemed not to be a problem for triops. Some of us became heartbroken when we would awake the next morning to find little legs and tail in the bottom of the bowl. One large one eventually took over the bowl until only he remained. The water got very murky and we attempted to clean and replace the water, but soon after refilling the bowl the triop floated to the top. We figured out later our roommate had used the wrong water. Very sad. So... good fun for a week or two, but try not to get attached and make sure you're using the right kind of water", 4.0
"when i got these triops, you could feel the history flow through you. within 2 days they swam around and did flips. relly cool if you like triassic period animal", 4.0
"My just turned 4 year old really likes this phone. She pretends the princesses are on the phone inviting her to balls and parties. It's very cute to hear the conversations. The only problem is that we have 2 dogs and their hair sticks to it. She has had it for about 3 months now and it's still holding up. That's a good thing because she breaks everything", 4.0
"My daughter has had this phone for over a year now and uses it all the time.  It really appeals to all of her little friends.  They use it EVERY time to play house.  It has held up VERY well and we have had no problems with it.  A GREAT phone for your little princess", 5.0
"fun game! nice to play when you dont want to use boards or to play in the car on road trips.", 5.0
"I first became acquainted with this game at a neighborhood party. I purchased one for the family to play at our weekly get-togethers. It has become a staple", 4.0
"Great Game...  We play it every year at the Holidays and we always have a great time no matter how many times we play.  Lots of laughs.  I highly recommend this game", 5.0
"We received this as a gift and it's been a great game! You can take it on the road, we played in the car on a tip out West. And it's so much fun to play at parties. We loved it so much that we bought it as Christmas presents", 5.0
"Our family loves this game. Sometimes after supper we will play a few rounds. It's great for a lot of laughs. We've played it at parties as well and it is a big hit with the guests", 5.0
"So you know how hard it is to buy for teenagers. Well this one went over about as good as the MP3 player a few years back so it must be a great thing to have. It was definitely a hit with the teenage friends at the new years eve party.", 5.0
"I am not a game person and never looked forward to sitting around with friends playing a game.  I played this game once and had a blast.  I can't wait for the next game night.  It's fast paced and fun.  I highly recommend it", 5.0
"Our family enjoys this game tremendously. We play at every function just to keep sharp! It is well made and keeps score automatically, so there is no Cheating! As if one of our family members would.", 5.0
"It is a great icebreaker and once played leaves you with new self-confidence and many laughs, even if you dislike playing games", 4.0
"This was our "family game" present for Christmas and we all love it:  my hubby, me, our 15-year-old, AND our 7-year-old.  I'm also a first-grade teacher and I like how it really stretches our girls' vocabularies by having them describe things", 5.0
"Excellent playing cards and beautifull looking as  well.", 4.0
"However, they DO NOT INCLUDE ANY SPARE CARD making them useless when you lose one in the many years they are supposed to last.", 5.0
"Mistake by KEM", 5.0
"These cards are the best. There's a reason most casinos use them in their poker rooms. Watch any poker show on tv and there's a good chance they're using Kems. They feel great and look great as well. Worth the extra money", 5.0
"These cards are so nice I got all my card playing friends and family members a set for Christmas.  They appreciate them as much as I do.  They are slightly thicker than regular cards so they are a little difficult to gather if you spread & mix shuffle (scatter them on the table, mix them up, and gather them back up into a pile)", 4.0
"Attractive and easy on old eyes, easy to shuffle, extremely durable, very flexible.  It would be nice if they cost a little less...then I could have them at every table when the girls come over for bridge.", 5.0
"Hi, I have 41 littlest pet shop toys about to get 8 more for my birthday and LOADS for Christmas my favorite holiday me and my Best Friends Forever LOVE the Littlest Pet Shop's one of my Best Friends have this set and I fell in love with it when I first played with it I will be getting it very soon and I cannot wait!, I already have the Bulldog but it is a different color I also have the mouse too but they come in indiviual sets. Anyways I higly reccomend this set for ages 4-15", 5.0
"Good first kit for a kid about 11 or 12yrs old.", 4.0
"It is cool because its a virtual pet and you play with i", 5.0
"The tamagotchi is pretty cool because it is very small. It fits in anyones palm. The characters are cool because there are so many and depending on how you care for your tamagotchi is how it will appear. Like if you don't take care of it, it will look ugly. and vice versa. After a week or two after your tamagotchi dies, you become less and less into it. But I've dropped mine so many times, even when my dad stepped on it after I dropped it, it survived. The tamagotchi teaches care though. See? I can't even explain any more about it. Thats how boring it is", 5.0
"I got a v3 silver last month and it is so cool!!There is new games,characters,and passwords for tamatown.com!You can do more stuff with a v3!There are new stuff on v3s to!", 1.0
"HEALTH:Check fullness,hapiness,training,weight,years old,name,genaration,points,and username!", 2.0
"FOOD:4 choices to choose from for a meal scone,sushi,bread,and cereal.4 choices to choose from for a snack. cone,pudding,apple, and tart!tip:buy food at your shop to add more to your food inventory!", 2.0
"TOILET:Just flushes!", 5.0
"FUN AND GAMES:Play 6 games.Get,bump,flag,heading,memory,sprint!!There is also items,shop,password,and souvenier!", 4.0
"CONNECTING:Choose from v3 or others.If you pick v3,you can choose from game,present,and visit!If you pick others,you dont choose anything.", 5.0
"when you get your tamagotchi v3,look at the instuctions for lots more!!!", 4.0
"DISCIPLINE:Choose from time-out or praise!", 5.0
"MEDICINE:Just gives your tama medicine!", 5.0
"LIGHTS:Choose from turn lights on or turn lights off!", 5.0
"FRIEND LIST:Choose from friends,presents,point,and family.", 5.0
"ATTENTION:Blinks when your tama needs something", 5.0
"This is the coolest toy ever. I got the pink ribbon. It is soooo cute.My dad would check online every minute to see if there were Tamagotchi v3. You should buy one, it's awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"this is well cool i have never seen somethin like this i cant wait to get this i found out theres an tamagotchi town for v3 on tamagotchi.com p.s i cant wait to get my hands on thi", 4.0
"My friend got this toy a few weeks ago and it is amazing!!!!!!! You can choose what you want to feed your pet. You can feed it sushi, ceral, bread, and ice cream. My dad asked me one day what i wanted for a present, he gave me a few suggestions like a sweatshirt, toy, or earrings. Now I want a v3 tamagotchi.", 4.0
"p.s. the v2 batteries die fast. OMG!!! It just died right now! I am not kidding. They batteries are at Rite Aid", 1.0
"this is cool the v3 is finaly comeing out ive been waiting for ages i got 2 tamagotchi v1s and 2 tamagotchi v2s and the first weekend its out i will have a v3 and probably get another in the first school holidays .i love the silver one but on ebay one person says the rare purple v2 but ive got a purple I dont think its rare do you", 5.0
"i waont reveal throught too much but i have included the 7 v3 codes after much searching!", 5.0
"you may not want to use them in case you would like to find them for yourself!", 5.0
"1.abba acba= cake", 4.0
"2.bcab acbc= steak", 4.0
"3.cbac cabc= cuckoo clock", 5.0
"4.aabb cacb= race car", 5.0
"5.caca babc= stuffed animal", 4.0
"6.acbb bacc= hairgel", 5.0
"7.bcbc caba= honey", 4.0
"enter all 7 and get a secret item, the costume", 5.0
"Quality company with prompt, professional service---I highly recommend using their services . I know I'll be a return customer !", 5.0
"It was easy to assemble. And lightweight. The quality of ply is poor but the price is also low. The paint quality is decent. The quality of screws were not so great. So, be careful when you are tightening.", 5.0
"Overall, a decent kid's table for a decent price", 5.0
"Granddaughter enjoys.  We placed in our family room and the table and chairs fit in great.  Price was reasonable", 2.0
"I love the look of the table, its gorgeous.  However, some of the legs are uneven, so we are having to be creative with spacers to even it out.  If I paid more than $40 I would be upset at this, but for free shipping and $35 bucks - its beautiful and worth the extra effort", 5.0
"My son loves this remote control vehicle.  He loves running it through the mud puddle", 2.0
"It is a very cool vehicle, it can be use in the grass and into the pool..", 4.0
"This thing is great!  My son got it for his 4th birthday, and mastered it in less than an hour.  The controls are simple to operate and very intuitive.", 4.0
"There's just two buttons:  push the left one, it steers left; push the right one, it steers right; push both buttons forward, it goes forward; pull both buttons back, it goes backward.", 5.0
"The big, grippy tires give it lots of traction.  There's also a blue Land Shark version, complete with a fin on top of the car!  It's sure to thrill any child lucky enough to get their hands on one", 5.0
"I am shocked that two of the above reviews thought a dollar store replacement was ok for their BABY!!!  The reason you pay more for a baby teether is so that it is PVC and Phthalate free.  If you have a baby, please learn a minimum amount before sticking things in their mouths.  In a nutshell, plastics leach harmful chemicals, and that's why you pay an extra couple of bucks to protect your baby.  Also, if you look at the US Consumer Product Safety recalls every month, at least half the toys that are recalled are from the dollar store!  I am constantly amazed at people.", 5.0
"Anyway, this is a good toy", 5.0
"We got this toy as a gift from our friends and our baby loves it.  He is 3 months old and finds this toy really easy to grab. The rings are squishy and thin so there are many places to grab hold.  He can put his entire hand through it and use his arm to get it to his mouth.  It's also large enough for him to grab it with both hands easily.  He'll also shake it.  It's definitely his favorite toy and it keeps his attention", 4.0
"I bought an almost identical toy for my son when he was 4 months old and he loves it -- but I bought it at the local dollar store.  Lots of places for his little hands to grip onto while he was learning to grip and he still plays with it now that he is 10 months old.  I'm just not sure it would be worth it at this price - - it was well worth it for the dollar I paid", 5.0
"The Wave Cruiser was the highlight of the summer for the kids.  The controls were easy for the kids to use and the cuuiser itself is very durable.  Everyday the kids play with this and it has proven to be the best purchase", 5.0
"We purchased this wave runner for our 3 1/2 year old grandson. He has had so much fun on it, we also have other children who come to our pool ages 5 to 12 and they all love it.", 5.0
"It's been a definite hit in my pool this summer. The wave runner glides smoothly over the water, but at a slow, steady speed. The kids love the idea of driving on the water, but it's sometimes hard to steer in a certain direction.The kids don't seem to mind that too much. Kids should be encouraged to get on the waverunner from the stairs of the pool. My nephew gave us quite a scare when he tried getting on from the side of the pool and the waverunner tilted over. He barely missed hitting his head on the side of the pool, so as with any floation device, use some vigilance", 5.0
"We purchase one for our 6 year old daughter. She was brought up on real boats and jetski's. We were undecided how we felt about this, but she saw the commercial and wanted it.    I think its the best thing ever. Yes it goes slow, but what do you expect for 39.99 you can't buy anything motorized for that.  We live on the lake and she has no problems at all so don't let the "POOL USE ONLY" scare you. To her its the best thing ever. I could have boughten a []$ air matress and I'm sure it wouldn't last any longer than this. Its a cheap thrill for a kid", 4.0
"This toy has made my summer SO fun. I got three of these two weeks ago and what a two weeks thats been. My friends come down to my pool and we have fights with the built in water guns.Sometimes we pretend to be James Bond and run  in and jump on them. Also we sometimes take them to the beach and go around on them.This toy is good for children ages 6 through 10. It says it can hold up to 80 pounds but I've been on them and I weight 110. Even my dad has been on it but he went really slowly. Over all I think this toy is great for any pool,lake,or beach.", 4.0
"- J.P. 12,MA", 5.0
"I purchased this originally for my 7 and 9 year olds.  They love it.  Love squirting each other and have no problems staying on and never tip it over except when big brother pushes it over on them.  Batteries to me seem to last an exceptionally long time for what it does.  I will try to find some rechargable ones though.  It does move kind of slow but for a child in a pool I wouldnt want it to fast and the kids love it so not a problem for us.  My 2yo daughter had to try it and I was a little nervous because of the reports of it tipping and such but she got on it and took off.  was able to squirt the water at her brothers and sisters (we have 8 children) and she was able to steer it without any problems at all so not sure about others that said it just went in circles.", 5.0
"The weight is about 80 lbs or 100 dont remember for sure.  I can say that I did ride it and it still moved but slow and I am not a light weight.  My 14,15 year olds also rode them and they were able to go around the pool mostly laughed about it but had a ball and were squirting everyone.", 5.0
"I say for the price (we got it for $[...]) it is an excellent toy more for kids under 12 I would think but 5 stars from all of us.", 4.0
"Have fun!", 5.0
"My son is 9 year old and wanted Star Wars as a theme for his room.  This lamp makes the perfect night lite!  It is great for a child any age that dreams of a universe far away!", 5.0
"Thanks,", 5.0
"Mrs.", 4.0
"My Grand Daughter is 8 years old, this is the perfect gift for the budding little Scientist in your family. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the case is a little hard to close. You have to really think thru the process of closing to make it work without spilling it's gutts", 5.0
"I bought this item after reading a little reviews about it, but it was just like was reviewed.  It is good to get young children excited about learning about a "micro-world". But you can also quickly loose their attention if it doesn't work really well.  The lens is not very clear to make out what you are looking at.  You have to keep the specimen very close and still under the scope to make out anything.  Not good for kids with little patienc", 5.0
"We are big fans of the Little Touch books as a way for us to sit with our little guy and look at the pictures.  (He is 10 months now, but we started with this book at 6 months.)  We like several of the books, but the sounds and messages of this Pooh Bear book are delightful.  We often shut off the story and just use the pictures and sounds to talk to the baby.  It is a very engaging way to calm him and share a quiet time.  It is not a substitute for reading to the him, but it is a fun additional activity.", 4.0
"My daughter, now seven, is in an advanced reading class. I thnk part of that reason is we encourage her to read and a big part of that was her using the leappad. This was one of many "books" that has helped to fuel her joy of reading. Plus, I get a kick out of the fact that I grew up enjoying Scooby Doo cartoons and now my daughter likes Scooby too", 5.0
"Who doesn't love Scooby-Doo?? My sister loves this book and the games. The story is about a little old lady who runs a doughnut shop and is trying to figure out who's eatting all the doughnuts. It has the character voice of the Scooby Crew and great sounds to enhance the story.", 5.0
"My 4 yr old son keeps playing with this cartridge, perfecting his skills day by day. A great product if you have time and energy to share with your scions", 4.0
"Alex got this for his birthday and it was the ONLY thing he wanted to pay with for the rest of the day", 5.0
"The best part about this was that Uncle J was paying more attention to it than A - he said he just wanted to know how it ended", 4.0
"My 3 1/2 year old son loves this leapfrog story.  The story is the perfect length for a toddler showing interest in stories and certainly keeps his attention.  The games on each page are enjoyable - my husband and I get a kick out of them too.  Well worth the money", 1.0
"My son LOVES Scooby, and he's just learned to read with hooked on phonics so this is great practice.  He loves to play all the games and read along.  It's one of the only leap books he will do from beginning to end in one session", 5.0
"My four-year-old daughter loves Scooby Doo.  This is her favorite Leap Pad book -- so much so that I can't seem to get her to play with the other books that we've bought for her!  It has helped her with word recognition and she's also learned to identify objects and follow instructions.  This book offers quite a bit, but I have noticed that the Leap books offer much more of a variety of activities", 4.0
"if your kid is a scooby fan, then this book is a must.  It is the only leap-pad book my 4 year old son is interested in.  he loves it", 4.0
"I purchased these for my little guy when he was about 7 months old- He wore them with no fuss and still wears them when we go out in the stroller and are walking into the sun. He actually likes them (as well as looks adorable in them!) They are very sturdy and worth every penny. I bought the red to go with my Phil and Ted stroller but will definetely purchase the blue too", 5.0
"My daughter loves this toy!  Once she was old enough to pull to a stand in her crib, we took her mobile out and put this in it's place to give her something to look at/play with.  She loves to spin the wheel to play the music and she'll look at herself in the mirror and talk and giggle.  It can keep her entertained in the morning for almost an hour (which means an extra hour that I can sleep in!).  I usually leave it on the music setting, but sometimes I do turn it to the woman's voice as well.  She's very creepy and weird, but my daughter seems to like both settings!  It's a little scary when I hear, "Hellooo Baby!" at 5 am through the baby monitor!", 5.0
"My son has had this in his crib since he was about 3 months old.  He is now 13 months, and he still absolutely loves it!!  I agree with the other reviewers, I believe this toy really helped him to sleep through the night.  He would spin the toy to hear the woman's voice say, "Hello, baby."  Then he'd fall right back asleep.  I don't think the volume is too bad, but there's always the tape over the speaker trick (it's in back)", 4.0
"My daughter is 7 months old and really likes this toy.  There are plenty of buttons and items to play with.  My only complaint is that it is just a bit too noisy, even on the quieter setting, when I try to use it to settle her in her crib for a nap or bedtime.  Otherwise, I would have given it 5 stars", 4.0
"i bought this toy for my daughter when she was 5 weeks old.  by the next day, she had learned to turn the music on by herself (you spin the center wheel pretty hard), and would do so whenever she woke up in the night.  by the end of the week she was sleeping through the night, and i think this toy had a lot to do with it, as it helps her put herself back to sleep without needing me to come soothe her.  there are 3 sound functions: talking, music and constant music.  we put the talking on for play time and the music at night.  at 10 weeks old, she is starting to get big enough to reach the other toys with her feet if i lay her the short way in her crib, but for now her main interest is the wheel that plays music.  this is seriously the best money we've spent on baby things", 5.0
"I cannot copy anything onto the PVDs. My BURNER is good, as some have suggested other peoples burners were bad because this did not work...umm yeah I think you are LUCKY if it does.. it wouldnt let me copy valid format pictures, and when it goes to "burn" the music files the time clicks on the counter with no progress whatsoever..This product is junk", 5.0
"The instructions say each disk will hold about 450MB of info.  I have episodes that are only 175MB in size but 25 minutes worth of time...so one ep is too large for the disk.  Why couldnt Hasbro have just used regular CDs", 4.0
"Okay first all it only holds 450MB of Media. That's not that bad what makes the product horrible is that when you try to burn it an erro message come up saying the pvd is bad. Okay so I tried anonther one the same thing. I ran through at least 3 boxes before I got it to work, and my cd burner wasnt bad either I tried all of them in differnt cd burner drives nothing. This product is garbage", 4.0
"Why is it that they will come up with a great idea to make a product to create your own PVD's, but don't sell blank disk's? The Disks that come with the Media Wizard only hold about 20min of video which isn't enough for anything really. Why can't they make (and sell in stores like Wal-Mart,Zellers,Giant Tiger,Sears, etc) blank PVD's large enough to put a whole cartoon or even a movie on it? If they do, they should make them more available to the public. Overall, the VideoNow it's self is Great! But I wouldn't waste the money on the Media Wizard. It is almost impossible to fit anything on the disks", 4.0
"This is a great toy and as most have said , a great alternative to the car dvd players I can`t afford either.Where can I buy the PVD`s", 5.0
"This would be a wonderful product and a little research shows that you can indeed order blank PVDs from the Hasbro web site by selecting 'replacement parts' in the customer service section..", 5.0
"However, none of this is useful if you don't live in the US because Amazon won't shpi the Media Wizard software out of the country and Hasbro won't sell the blank PVDs out of the country", 4.0
"I just purchased one of these to make PVDs for my 3-yr old daughter, and it's great!  The software is easy to install and use. I was going to buy her a small personal CD player for XMas because she loves music, but this product basically doubles as a CD player because I can burn her a PVD full of the songs she loves!", 4.0
"The buyer who indicated that they had problems with the installation most likely didn't have updates installed for Windows or something...I initially got an error when I tried to install the software, but I was simply missing an updated version of one of the required files.  I did also find on the Hasbro website a form to order additional blank PVDs for $1.50 each...not too bad in my opinion.  I am going to order at least 10 more!!!  The Media Wizard is terrific!!", 4.0
"Unfortunately you CANNOT use mini cds instead of the PVDs.  It may burn the disk, but if you put the mini disc into the video now player, the machine DOES NOT recognize it, and you will get an error message.  According to Hasbro customer service, you can't purchase the PVDs separately anywhere, so if you want more PVDs, you will have to buy more of these kits.  You can cut down regular Cds as another reviewer suggested.  However, this is a tedious and difficult process.  Overall, this is a good idea, but you have to wonder what Hasbro was thinking by not making these blank discs available for sale individually..", 5.0
"I love monopoly,and besides having alot of this game. the design is so unique  and the game is fun. It's a keeper for sure.very educational and very entertaining.", 4.0
"This is something that every collector of Monopoly Games must have.  Came well packaged and fast", 4.0
"I THINK ITS VERY NICE FAMILY WISE AND FUN TIME FOR THE KIDS", 1.0
"Literally, they pay my paycheck. hehe.. I had this given to me on a lark this Christmas. It's really a marketing ploy disguised as Monopoly. But the thing is it's a GOOD marketing ploy. They want you to become familar with the new layout of Toys R Us that was completed in 2001, when this game was completed. It's an excellent game however, and really fun for a worker from TRU. I think unless you're a huge TRU fan or you've visited the Times Square store, I would say elect for a different version of the game.", 5.0
"This version of monopoly just goes to show you how popular and fun monopoly is. If a store such as harley davidson and toys R us have monopoly games and organizations like MLB, NFL, NHL, and hockey have monopolys its very cool. I think this monopoly proves my point straight. GO MONOPOLY!!! Nathan Ward, age 1", 1.0
"We purchased this item for our two grandsons, ages 4 and 6.  They have had many hours of enjoyment as with all play doh products.  Highly recommend it", 5.0
"This was purchased for a professor, who used the playdough to teach future teachers how to teach Science in school.  She said it was perfect for talking about atoms, modules etc", 5.0
"For the love of all that is good and holy, who needs this much Play Doh?  You have to admit that no human being needs to be in possession of this much Play Doh at one time.  If you buy this for your kid, he may go into Play Doh overload.  When I was a kid, you thought you were cool if you got the Play Doh set with the barber chair - - or perhaps the McDonald's set.  Now in order to compete, must we have the Play Doh set in several dozen fashion colors?", 4.0
" This is an awesome set for the price.  It's tool set leaves little to be desired.  This could be the only set you need, unless you are a playdough enthusiast, in which case, the dough color selection alone is worth the price.  My 4 year old loved it!!  (My 10 and 13 year olds won't admit it, but they did too)", 5.0
"The only reason I gave 4 stars for durability,is because playdough by its very nature is not a durable toy, unless you take a lot better  care of it than my kids do.  But the tools will last a lifetime under normal use, and the dough is soft and of good qualit", 4.0
"This item is truly the Cadillac of the PlayDoh world, perhaps I should equate it to the Hummer, since there is a Hummvee/Jeep mold included.  Either way, it one of the best things we bought for our 3 year old's birthday, there are so many shapes and colors, we can keep her playing for hours with this set.  We bought along with the all-in-one PlayDoh Bucket, which I also recommend, together these kits make for a complete PlayDoh fantasy land for those who are less than thrilled with the "Food Imitation" type kits that are available in most stores.", 4.0
"The decline of Western Civilization.", 5.0
"Ah how I used to love Playdoh with its basic  colors and a smell that was uniquely its own which was almost intoxicating.", 1.0
"In the true American tradition of  companies not leaving well enough alone the formula of Playdoh has recently been changed and  the substance no longer has the wonderful smell it used to have. To add insult to injury the basic  colors of the old Playdoh set have changed in hue.", 5.0
"I am sure kids will still have  fun playing with stuff  but gone are the good old  days of Playdoh.", 5.0
"If Coca-Cola can come out with Classic Coke why can't this company come out with classic Playdoh?", 5.0
"Jim Connell   "Hallstatt Prince", 4.0
"I sent this as a gift, so I'm not sure how it is.  From what I hear from my grandson, it is a hit", 5.0
"I bought this for my newborn daughter's nursery and we have used it every night since she came home from the hospital, which was almost 10 months ago.  We love it!  It plays beautifully and the repeat feature is terrific!  We just push that button and as long as it takes for her to fall asleep she has music playing.  The CD storage feature is great, although the jewelry storage is kind of small, it's still a nice feature.  This was a bit expensive, but in my opinion, well worth it", 2.0
"My daughter received this from her grandmother for her birthday, and it has never worked properly or consistently.  It seems to have difficulty reading the CD's.  My daughter (age 2.5) loves it, however, and doesn't seem to mind the poor sound quality and the difficulty we have getting it to work...she loves that it is pink and Disney princess!", 5.0
"We got this for my daughter's 1st b-day, she just turned 2 and it still works perfect. We use it every day for nap time and for bed time. It is so easy to use that she knows how to work it already. She loves it and will not go down to sleep without her music. I have highly recommended this product to friends", 4.0
"I Bought This Toy for my 10 year old daughter at [...]! Pretty good toy, good player i was amaized that it played REAL CD's! usally they play Fake CD's", 1.0
"Very nice CD Player... My daughter, 14 months old, got this when she was 9 months old. We have been using this player for 5 months, and it works fine. I work it for her though, since she's too young, so maybe that's why it's working fine. Don't know yet! But, it plays music with no problem, and starts with a low volume which is nice for young ears.", 5.0
"The jewelry box feature is sooo cute!! Nice little area to put little "girlie" things into. It also has a nice storage area for CD's, and holds a lot of CD's.", 5.0
"Overall... this has been a good player, and I hope that it will last many years", 4.0
"I was surprised to read the poor review below.  My 5 year old has had this for 6 months now and has had no problems with it at all.  It sits on her dresser and is played at least once a day.", 5.0
"It's adorable to look at and seems to be working just fine", 4.0
"Do not bother buying this.  I made the mistake of purchasing this CD player and it broke after a few months.  My daughter was upset about it, so I bought another one to replace it.  Bad idea.  It too broke after just two months.  Is it just me or are the Disney items of very poor quality", 1.0
"My son received this as a gift for the holidays. He absolutely loves it! It can be used just about anywhere for there's a back light which illuminates the screen. It has a repeat button in case he forgets what was asked of him. Half of the options are games in spanish which I thought would never be used. My son is teaching himself spanish to my surprise! The only thing I wish was that it could be upgraded and more games could be added. This is a wonderful product", 5.0
"Our grandson who is four loved this toy. He knows his Mom and sister have laptops, so he thnks he is "grown" with this. Also superman is his favorite character and has been for a long time, so this was perfect", 5.0
"This Bret Favre figurine is a great tribute to a legendary quarterback.  I would have preferred it if the figure was shown in action, but I also would have preferred Bret not be in action every time he faced (and beat) my Chicago Bears.  Even as a lifelong fan of the Bears (and therefore not a fan of the Packers), I have to respect this future Hall of Famer", 4.0
"This is a nice figure but keep them in the box they are statues and you half to be very carefull.I like sports espacally playing them.I reccomand this to his fan", 5.0
"This was fun however for the person who takes the role of the banker and has to give an offer to the player is a bit challenging (for those math-challenged)", 5.0
"This was a gift at a party.  The idea was that the entire family could play the home version of this fun television show.  Not!  There were so many rules that it took the fun out of it and was the complete opposite of the simplicity of the tv version.  This is a box that will sit in the closet unused for years until it makes it's way to the trash", 5.0
"This game is fun to play with the whole family.  It is the board game version and not the DVD version, but in my opinion it goes back to the way games should be played....at the table and not in front of the TV.  The whole DVD board game idea doesn't work all that well so I'm glad they made a straight board game verion of Deal or No Deal", 5.0
"I was very pleased with both the packaging and rapid mailing of Deal or No Deal game to me.  It arrived in plenty of time for Christmas.", 5.0
"my boys 7 & 8 loved this Lego product, they needed a little bit of help from their dad to complete a small part but it was great together time !  I recommend this item for any creative kid that like to put things together", 4.0
"I'd been wanting to get into Technic LEGO for a long time and finally jumped in with both feet by purchasing the excavator/bulldozer, street bike/chopper, mini tractor/side car motorbike, dune buggy/ tractor, and telehandler/front-end loader kits.  I have to say that I am wholly satisfied.", 5.0
"I've only built the excavator of this kit and it's such a beautiful piece that I want to admire it, play with it, and study it a little more.  It was the second kit I built following the mini-tractor, which is a tiny intro to the Technic system.  This excavator has a rather intricate gearing system combined with some ingenius use of fulcrum and pivots that is pretty damned cool.  It has a large swivel plate and tracked wheels as well.", 4.0
"I bought some Bioncle a few years ago just for kicks and since have had fun mixing the pieces with the kids in my family to make "Robots!".  I wanted to get into Technic to add the mechanical aspect and the excavator is an essential bit of that system.  I love to just play with it and examine how the pieces are related and I'm learning a lot about how to use Technic.  It will probably be a couple months before I take it apart and build the dozer, if I can bring myself to do it at all.  I hope I don't end up buying two more of the sets, one for a permanent dozer and one for pieces to free play with.", 1.0
"If you're interested in Technic, you'll learn a lot from this.  The finished model doesn't have quite the robust appearance that the street bike or telehandler have, but the gearing and fulcrum build of it more than make up for it.  It's a killer set, and perhaps my favorite from the mechanical aspect", 1.0
"This is one of the more unique Lego products you will find.  And an excellent deal for a collection of hard to find Technic parts.  If you are not familiar with Lego Technic, it incorporates the use of gears, axles, shafts and many other unique pieces into your typical Lego construction.  The result - you can make your lego creations come to life and function like real world inventions.  What a great way to teach your kids engineering, robotics, etc.  This set has detailed instructions for two creations - the excavator and a bull dozer.  Both actually function by turning a few knobs here and there.  It took my six year old a couple of days to build, with only a little help needed from Dad.  The only drawback is that the pieces are ALL Technic, so it is difficult to interface them to standard lego sets, so other than following the two instructions, my son has not figured out what else to make with the pieces. If nothing else, you acquire a lot of rare pieces that can help expand your existing set with many new possibilities.  I especially like the worm gears and turret assembly", 1.0
"My daughter LOVES this doll.  She is very durable, is beautiful, the wand of light is fun and colorful.  As any little girl does, she LOVES to change her dress often and role-play along with the movie.  Being that she is almost 4yrs old, having the ability to change the dress by herself easily was a bonus!", 4.0
"I collected Barbie Dolls when I was young and the quality of this doll, the coloring in her skin, makeup, hair quality, dress quality is wonderful!  Highly recommend this doll.", 5.0
"- Heather", 5.0
"http://www.marykay.com/hbresse", 5.0
"My daughter received Annika, Brietta the Pegasus, and The Magical Cloud Kingdom for Christmas.  The wings will NOT stay on the Pegasus, but is otherwise very much enjoyed and my daughter really loves her Annika doll.  However... in good conscience I must say if you are thinking of the Magical Cloud Kingdom (for which we paid an astonishing $50) save your money!!  What a waste.  I'm disappointed it isn't being sold here so I could get the word out.  With any luck it isn't being sold anymore due to poor reviews.  It took awhile to set up, but it is so flimsy!  The beautiful cloud background was completely unusable within 4 hours of play on Christmas day and I kept having to reassemble it every 10 minutes.  Parts were constantly leaning and falling over (and apart).  For the amount of money we paid I would have expected to get a toy at least 1/2 the quality of this one.  What it basically comes down to is my 5 year old daughters most requested Christmas gift won't last as long as the candy in her stocking", 4.0
"I love this doll! She's sooo gorgeous! I only own Brietta (human form) from the BatMoP line, but I am going to get Rayla, Annika (this one), and Brietta in pegasus form. Anyway, back to the doll. I really want to get it, but before I do, I wanna know what her dress looks like/how it works. I guess I would still get it even if it did look stupid. BUT, could someone who owns her tell me what her dress looks like at the back? Like can you tell the other dress is there? Does it cover up well?  PLEASE if anyone can help me out! I have been trying to find info on her dress change for   ever!! So if you could, please don't post here cuz I may not come back. But you can email me at tianemeth@yahoo.ca OR i_luv_bunnyz@hotmail.com", 5.0
"THANX FOR READING!!! Once again, lovely dolls in the BatMoP line!!!!", 5.0
"~*~TiLLy~*", 5.0
"I'm 11 and this is so pretty! I love the wand she comes with! The other side of the dress is prettier than the side you see in the picture. In the wand the part that glows is in the shape of a pegasus. This is also durable. The one with the leg falling off had to be given to a monster child, because this is a durable toy", 5.0
"I should have bought this toy earlier!!!!when I first lied my eyes on this toy, I knew where my 17 dollars will go!!!! This toy was a beauty!!! the crown is soooooooo pretty that you want one too!!!and, the wand was soo cool!!you can light it up with press!Also the swappin styles are sooooo fun!!!It's feally easy to change.....Just flip it, button it, done!This toy is better looking with your own eyes.The picture showed it too wide, and eyes too small.Beleive me!I been a Barbie fan for more then 2 years!!!!!None of them broke!Buy it!You'll know what I mean by then......Hope this helps!!!", 5.0
"                               Barbie fan", 4.0
"This is on EVERY girl's Christmas list! I'm getting one for my sister because it's the #1 thing she wants. Out of every kind of doll made, like Barbie, My Scene, and Bratz, this doll is one of the prettiest. The My Scene Goes Hollywood are REALLY pretty too. I'm also going to get the Cloud Queen Barbie doll because she's SO pretty", 5.0
"The battery does not last very long and takes a long time to charge. Very frustrating for kids. Not only that, it is slow and if you are not careful it can sink", 4.0
"I got the Hovercraft for my son's 5th birthday, even though it is recommended for 8 and over. It has some limitations but all those are described on the box, except for the battery life which really doesn't last that long (20 minutes). He hasn't been disappointed with it when it runs out of power. The instructions and the outside of the box clearly say that it should be used on 'smooth' pavement and 'calm' water and that the skirt should be periodically checked (it does slip in places at times but it's easy to put back on). If you don't have the proper conditions, I would avoid the urge to buy it because it will just frustrate you.  It's a little hard to steer because you have to anticipate and turn early since the air 'hover' keeps it going longer in the direction it's already headed in (that may be where the 8+ age group can figure that out).  We have had many remote control toys and lots have disappointed us, but this one is pretty good as long as you use it as instructed and don't expect to do things it is not meant to do", 2.0
"We purchased this item for our five year old for Christmas. Although it does work OK in the house on wooden floors, the battery seems to be very short lived (maybe 15 minutes). Using it on snow is almost impossible as it appears that the battery life is even shorter.", 4.0
"We accidently touched one of the prop blade when it was outdoors and it snapped off. We've been trying to find a replacement blade but have had no responses from the manufacturer or seller.", 5.0
"Without a doubt, we would not buy this product again", 5.0
"I purchased this product for my six year old.  The first one I received did not work at all (the main fan was borken).  Amazon promptly replaced it, and after the initial charging, we were up and running.  The run time is very short (about 10 minutes).  The hovercraft does not get much lift, nor does it move particularly fast.  It has difficulty moving over all but the very smoothest of surfaces.  On the second day, my son accidently touched one of the rear fan blades while under power, and it snapped right off.  On a separate occasion, we put the hovercraft (dry) on our kitchen counter, and the rubber skirt left a chemical stain that would not come off no matter how hard we tried.  Finally, it was removed by a great product called "goof off", but still a slight hint of the stain remains.  I would reccomend you save your money and your counter top", 5.0
"I got this hovercraft for my birthday. It is perfect because we have really long wood hallways in our house. It comes with everything you need which is cool. so i put the batteries in it and as soon as you turn it on, it puffs up and starts to hover! So cool! Then i was driving it around on the floors and it slides over the floor really easy.", 5.0
"It doesnt' work as well on the driveway but it worked on an ice patch we had. The only thing is don't let it just sit there cause it'll melt the ice. Make sure it keeps moving. It's also really fun in our gym at school. It worked really good on that floo", 4.0
"This item is a must have toy.I just got it for my birtday.It turns so sharp and has the best control I have ever seen.You must have this toy and if you don't it is your loss.", 5.0
"These are very nice cards and well priced.  The only suggestion I have is to order as many packs as possible to make the shipping price worthwhile.  I only ordered two packs and paid as much for shipping as I did the cards.  This made the purchase quite pricey.  My boys loved the cards, though, and received some great, popular players", 4.0
"Okay, we all know about the Disney CARS craze and trying to hunt down all the new die-cast characters Mattel puts out. These 1:24 scale models are very, very nice and the size is perfect for young boys, girls or collectors.  The only downside is that they only made Mater and McQueen. Who wouldn't love to see Chick Hicks or The King in 1:24 scale?! Come on Mattel! Get with it!! We've waited long anough. ;", 4.0
"Very nice re-creation of Lightning! I would give 5 stars but it loses one due to it being made in Communist China", 5.0
"Dont think too much about buying this... Is one of the best toys I ever had and the whole purchase process whas fine.  Delivered on time and good price", 5.0
"This turned out to be one of my sons favorite toys this Christmas! It is a larger car so that it can't get lost so easily, and it is made of thicker plastic, so that it may be thrown down the stairs and not get broken (sturdy is better in my house)!", 5.0
"Great toy, surely will stand the test of time", 1.0
"I got this from Target before seeing it on Amazon at a lower price. The set is great, the containers are small [as advertised] but there are lots of different colors to choose from, and great for little ones. My daughter has been playing with Play-doh since she turned two, and with supervision of course. She loves it, it encourages creative play & provides hours of fun", 1.0
"The items were as advertised - 50 2 oz. containers of Play-Doh each in a different color. I cannot review their contents or ease of use since they were bought as gifts for underprivileged children and donated to the local food bank toy drive. I do know that they were difficult to find in retail stores until 2 weeks after I had purchased them at Amazon.com.", 2.0
"My children and grand-children have used Play-Doh over the years so I know it's a good, safe product and a gift-giving staple", 1.0
"I couldn't believe how many colors there were in the play-doh package.  My granddaughters loved it.  The package was so heavy my little 4 yr. old granddaughter was trying to carry it and kept saying, "but its soooo big".  They were so excited and i'm so glad i found this product on Amazon.  I love the little individual packaging.  What a great idea to give us a 50th anniversary color set.  By the way.  All the products i bought from Amazon all arrived within 4 days even though Amazon said maybe 2 weeks.  love this place", 5.0
"Althought I realized that I could have bought this product at the local toy store, I was so excited to receive it and my nephew lost his mind with all the litte containers and colors.", 1.0
"There are tons of colors here, so you are happy with the choices, the only con I think are the containers are so small, but I knew that by looking, at the picture, so it is not decieving, but it might be nice if they were a little bigger! Price very good for so many hours of childrens play! Good deal!", 4.0
"ideal for kids, and nice complement for gift whit a camera.", 5.0
"And any children can used to introduce to the magic and the madness of scrapbooking, its soo fun !!", 5.0
"i think it is a great toy for ages 9 and above and it is fast!!! it is durable for people how are new at flying rc. it is a good toy for people who are new with it and for people that are experinced. overall it is agreat toy for everyone.", 4.0
"My 7 year old loves this toy and figured out how to tune the flutes and how to play the songs. The only problem is that the song cards are not laminated and they got soggy after the first use. Now they've fallen apart", 4.0
"I have two boys, 2 and 4 yrs, they love these flutes. We have had them for about four months and they still enjoy them daily in the tub.  We recently added the water drums to our collection", 4.0
"These are soo much fun! I gave them to a 4 year old for his birthay and a year later he still plays with them. My 2 year old has them and he loves them too", 4.0
"My 3-year old loves this toy. He asks to take a bath now just because he wants to play with these "horns". The holder does float, but it doesn't get used much, but the horns themselves do! My son and I play them together...Very fun and musically educational toy. Great alternative to other typical tub toys! We're very happy with this purchase", 5.0
"Both of my kids love this toy.  The toddler loves to toot and make a random sound - the older loves to experiment adjusting the flutes for different note ranges.  Great toy all around - easy to keep clean and mold free", 5.0
"My two grandchildren, ages 2 1/2 and 1 year love these water flutes. Even though they are too young to grasp the concept of filling them to various levels to change the sounds, they have a ball with these. There's enough in the set for them to share while bathing together. As with all their tubby toys, rinse the flutes out with bleach and water after their bath because they like to play with them even when they're not in the tub", 4.0
"My son really likes this toy.  He needs some help setting it up, but he is not very particular about whether the flutes are in tune or not.  This is a toy to grow with", 5.0
"Irresistable!", 5.0
"Drums are fun too - check them out by same company.", 5.0
"Intermittant complete sanitization is done by tossing them in the dishwasher.", 5.0
"The holder for the flutes is not strong enough to keep them. I suggest using other bath toy storage if you want to avoid clutter. Our drum set lost both sticks in a few months", 5.0
"These water flutes are great!!!! I have 4 kids, ages 10, 8, 6 and 17 months...and each one of them like these equally!!!!  Since I bought these and the water drums (which are also great!), bath time is much slower!!!! I have to tell them over and over again that it is time to get out!!! ....and I must admit...I enjoy playing with them as well!!!! I highly reccommend these water flutes for any age child....and their parents!!!!!!!  :", 5.0
"My 5 year old got this for his birthday and loved it. So did all of his older brothers and sister! It teaches a couple of things without it looking like it's teaching because they're playing - the perfect homeschooler's gift! He's learning how to measure (science), learning that different levels of water make different sounds (physics) and learning to follow a code on the music cards (logical thinking). Cute look on his face when he actually played a song! Great price too - I'll be buying these for my friends and family", 4.0
"I got a really good deal on this toy so I can't complain.  I bought it for my 4 year old but there are tons of little pieces that just end up everywhere (keeping in mind I also have a 2 year old).   It is a very cute toy though for a little bit older child or if there are no little siblings to get into (and try to eat) the tiny pieces.", 5.0
"Our three daughters have had a lot of fun playing with this.  They like the small parts and it is of good quality", 5.0
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these sets!  We have 8 or 9 of them and some of the vehicles and LOVE all of them!  They fold up very neatly and we store them on my daughter's shelves.  They double as decorations!  If your daughter loves dolls and dollhouses and you don't have a lot of space -- this is the way to go!  Even if you do have the space, these are fun, cute, inexpensive and worth every penny!", 4.0
"I purchased this for my daughters 5th birthday and she loves it. There are so many extra pieces I had no idea about", 5.0
"I bought this for my 3yr old daughter.  She absolutely loves it!  Comes with a LOT of people and quite a few pieces.  She loves the lifeguard and pool area.  The house opens up and is real cute!  The baby is pretty small, so probably not good for kids that still put things in their mouth.  Such a great price and so worth the money", 5.0
"My girls love interacting with all the different places around the town.  We really enjoy these series of toys.  We have nearly amassed the whole town. These are wonderful toys for young and imaginative girls", 5.0
"I bought this product and similar products in same line. My daughter age 9 and my niece age 6 play for hours with these toys. I love the fact that they have to use their imaginations while playing with these toys", 5.0
"I was so satisfied with this product.  My grandaughter loves playing with it and it was an amazing deal with the offer of free shipping.  Thanks and I hope I will see more deals like this in the future", 4.0
"Just wanted to point out, esp. for anyone thinking of giving this as a gift, that the packaging is not "normal." It comes in a plain white cardboard box with writing on one face -- not like you'd get in stores w/ one see-through plastic face, so that you can see what you're getting. My daughter got a different house for her birthday from a store so I was surprised when the amazon one came and it was packed  in a plain white box", 5.0
"I didn't expect much from this little thing. However, I was suprised at the quailty.", 4.0
"Pros: Really amlifies sound well. TOUGH TOUGH TOUGH, I dropped mine from 6 ft. and it didn't do a thing. Cheap, and simple to use.", 5.0
"Cons: No external volume control (your player becomes volume control). You will need playlists, or large cds(Not for those of us "manic" with music, a.k.a. changing it all the time)", 5.0
"Overall, good sound from an inexpensive device", 5.0
"I quite like the Sakar MP3 case.  It offers good protection for my IRiver IHP-120, and the sound quality is fairly good.  I've read some reviews where the reviewer complained that one has to completely open the case to operate their IPod.  My IRiver has an external corded remote, so this is not a problem for me.  The choice of 9V battery was a poor one, however.  9V batteries do not offer good battery life, especially for heavy use.  I use this at work, so it's on for 8 hours a day.  a 9V battery will only last for 3 maybe 4 days, whereas a similar MP3 speaker case that uses 3 AA will last for weeks.  I would give this 5 stars if Sakar had chosen to use AA batteries.", 1.0
"I bought this for my ten year old to use with his mp3 player.  Didn't expect it to have great sound giving the price, but I thought the idea was great.  Boy was I wrong.  This case has awesome sound for the money.  I've had to tell him to turn it down, gets pretty loud.  Not much room for storage though, small player and earbud headphones only.  Works great for us", 5.0
"Is there any reason that the narrator has to have a thick Spanish accent? Dora doesn't. It is so bad in fact that in parts my daughter actually asks, "what?"", 5.0
"Little touch needs to add more popular characters to their line. I was glad to see this since my daughter LOVES "Boots" from Dora the Explorer. If they had Sponge Bob that would be awesome", 5.0
"OKAY WE ALL LOVE THE LITTLEST PET SHOP TOYS & PETS. AND I HAVE SEEN THIS SET BEFORE AND IT IS VERY NICE. BUT PEOPLE PLEASE!!!!! DO NOT PAY THIS OUTRAGEOUS PRICE FOR THIS ITEM!!!!! GO TO TOYS R US AND BUY IT THERE INSTEAD. JNL TRADING INFLATES ALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! OF THEIR PRICES! I HONESTLY DON'T KNOW HOW THEY GET PEOPLE TO PAY SUCH RIDICULOUS PRICES. LIKE THE LITTLEST PET SHOP TWIN PANDA BEARS SET THAT THEY ARE TRYING TO SELL FOR $40.00 EACH!! I JUST BOUGHT 5!!!!! OF THEM FROM TOYS R US FOR ONLY $3.99 A SET! GET REAL JNL!!!!!!! I WOULD BE SURPRISED IF ANYONE! IS STUPID ENOUGH TO PAY YOUR OUTRAGEOUS ASKING PRICES. SHOP AROUND PEOPLE. THEIR ARE MUCH!!!!!! BETTER DEALS OUT THERE!!!!!! UNSCRUPULOUS SELLERS LIKE THIS (JNL TRADING) SHOULD BE RUN PUT OF BUSINESS. AND I HOPE THAT THEY DO!!!!!! ANYONE THAT'S MY 2 CENTS WORTH. AND YOU GOT IT FOR FREE!!!! WELL ANYWAY HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE. AND DON'T GET SUCKERED THIS YEAR!!!!! GOD BLESS!!!!", 5.0
"I got this LPS today from Toys R Us and I love it! It comes with apples, sardine can, picnic blanket, kitty and pig. The bow is not magnetic-- it's attached by a clear stretchy string. This is a really great set to add to your LPS collection or to start it! I'll be getting LPS houses too to add to the Littlest Pet Shop fun! I highly recommend these toys for the over 5's because 4 year olds might get bored easily and then where would all the LPS sets be for us fans? So yeah. If you find this toy, you MUST get it. SOOOO cute and small! I put the accessories in a Cherry Blossom candy box. The blanket holds both pets, and my little mouse. I can't wait to get the Get Better Center and the Little Lovin' playhouse and all that.... hours of fun in store!!!", 5.0
"Everyone should have this set! It completes a collection or adds to it perfectly!!!", 1.0
"Note: The pets' faces don't move when you put them on their food. Which is a shame. But other than that it's a great set, sure to provide hours of fun for anyone!! Trust me! I'm almost 11 and I love them!", 2.0
"I ordered this after seeing the movie with my grandkids. Great product lots of fun. The only problem is it slips around when dancing on it. So I got some industrial strength velcro (4 /6 inch pieces) with peel and stick back and put it on the back. It now doesnt slide as much but needs to be placed on a rug. Lots of fun.", 1.0
"We were most pleased with this game...it's fun for the whole family", 5.0
"and my daughter will be ordering the adult version as well. It is also", 5.0
"great at a kids birthday party....S", 4.0
"We love Crazy8s and Blokus, but this is our VERY, VERY favorite game! My kids are still learning English so the vocabulary development is an excellent "extra" to this very fun game", 5.0
"My grandson loves this game and is always very enthusiastic about playing.  This is a "great communicator" game, helping children to improvise, debate, make presentations, enchance speaking tools, etc.  Apples to apples also becomes a very comedic and entertaining event!", 4.0
"I have 5 children, from college to 1st grade and this was a game we could all enjoy! My autistic, nonverbal son actually won the first game!!! This will become a greeat family tradition at our home", 5.0
"This is a great kids game.  I have given it as a gift several times.  I like the fact that someone can decide to either leave the game or join after it has started and it doesn't effect anything.  As we all know some kids have longer attention spans than others", 5.0
"for both kids and adults that get bored easily, i recommend this game wholeheartedly.  this is the jr version (for the younger kids) it's just as fun as the original.  no pieces to lose, just some cards and lots of imagination.  and every game is different as the players change", 5.0
"This game was so much fun!  It was little difficult playing with my niece (who is 10) and the rest of the family (we're 30 years old +).  But it was still wonderful.  I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who wants to spend some quality time with their family and friends", 5.0
"I originally saw this puzzle in the Resource Room at the elementary school I sub at.  My 4 year old nephew is "construction crazy", so I went online and ordered it for his birthday.  My brother tells me he loves to put it together and has all kinds of stories to tell about the equipment. The puzzle has held up well....and provides Pete with lots of enjoyment", 5.0
"I bought this last Christmas for my then 3 year old and he has made it over and over again. The big pieces make it easier for him to handle. I recommend to anyone. Colorful picture is wonderful.", 4.0
"My 3 year old grandson and I have put this puzzle together many times, and he hasn't gotten tired of it yet after 3 months of play.  At first I had to do a lot of it for him, but he is beginning to do it on his own with a little help from Grandma.  The color is great and it is very durable.  We like the thick and chunky pieces.  I just bought two more Melissa & Doug puzzles recently, because I was impressed with this puzzle.  I'm sure my grandson will enjoy the T-Rex puzzle as much as this one, and I know he will be playing with these puzzles for a long time.  A satisfied customer.  Faribault,M", 5.0
"Boggle is a wonderful and easy-to-play word game that is suitable for players of all ages and skill levels. The box is small and easy to carry, making it a great game to take on road or plane trips. The game comes with a shakable dice tray and lid, alphabetic dice and a timer. All you need to provide is some sheets of paper and pencils.", 5.0
"Game play is very simple. Put the lid on the dice tray and shake it up. When the dice are all settled and the players are all ready, lift the lid and flip the timer. Every player now has three minutes to write down as many words as they can find that contain three or more letters. Words must be found from letters that are adjacent to or diagonal to each other on the board. The same letter cube cannot be used twice in one word. Plurals and verb conjugations count as words. Homographs or multi-definition words only count once.", 5.0
"After time is up, each player, one at a time, reads their list to the other players. Any word that is found on multiple lists is deleted from both of those lists. When everyone has figured out their non-matching words, they may now score their points. Points are scored by word length, as follows:", 4.0
"3, 4 letters: 1 point", 5.0
"5 letters: 2 points", 4.0
"6 letters: 3 points", 5.0
"7 letters: 5 points", 4.0
"8 or more letters: 11 points", 5.0
"Boggle strategy is similar to basic Scrabble strategy. In fact, Boggle can make for a nice warm-up game for Scrabble players, as finding words in a Boggle board is similar to finding words in a Scrabble rack. It's important to practice anagramming to become a successful Boggle player. It's worthwhile to spend your first few seconds of the game looking as the board and finding short but common prefixes and suffixes such as -s, -ed, -er, re-, de- and common letter combinations such as -sh-, -th-, -wh-, -ch-, etc.", 5.0
"It's important to remember to always write down both the plural and singular forms of a word, if they're available. It's a real bummer to discover during the list-reads that you've forgotten a 5-letter word just because you forgot to write the plural.", 4.0
"In any case, Boggle is a great game for a family game night or for travel.... you can take it anywhere (the folio edition is somewhat unneccessary, as the original box is pretty small and portable).  No wonder it's such an enduring classic", 2.0
"This is a must have for serious travelers and all Boggle-lovers!  The game is more portable, quieter, and extremely addicting.  One addition we would make is to add a small pencil sharpener that catches its shavings, then it would be perfect. Be sure to get a   small dictionary so that you can quickly end word disputes or your trip may be too long!", 5.0
"Are you even thinking about not buying boggle? Bad idea. Wait. Fiiiineeee.... Yeeessss.... DON'T buy boggle. More boggle for me.", 5.0
"Boggle = life", 2.0
"One of my kid's Grandmother's brought this. Very portable, sturdy, would be great for traveling with kids. The trick she explained is that you can have different, easier rules for younger kids so that it can be great fun for new readers too.", 2.0
"Boggle is a game in which you try to make up the most words using the letters found in a 4x4 grid. The letters must connect and you only have three minutes to do so. The bigger the words the higher the points you get, but if two or more players find the same word no one gets points for it. The game is very fun and fast paced. Plus you can play as little or as much time as you want; no need to "finish" the game (like in Scrabble). Just add the points and whoever has the higher score wins, it's that simple.", 4.0
"This version is Awesome and nicely improved over the original version. Here comes the description;", 5.0
"NEW DOME AND GRID: The dome and grid are made of a new material that makes it QUIETER when you shake the letter dice. No more waking everyone up late at night!", 5.0
"BUILT-IN TIMER: It comes with an electronic timer (batteries are included) that beeps softly and changes color from green to amber, then to red when times almost up. This eliminates the need to bob up your head every 10 seconds to see if the sand timer ran out. Great!", 1.0
"PLAYING MATERIALS: Four pads and pencils are included, plus the instructions obviously.", 1.0
"COMES IN A FOLIO: Stores everything easily. The folio has pockets for the pads and pencils (extra space for more). You can carry it around comfortably and is great if you have to travel or wait for a long time in one place.", 4.0
"This version is so nice it should be called Boggle Deluxe Edition. If you like Boggle you must buy this. As soon as you do, you will not go back to the original version, guaranteed.", 5.0
"My duaghter (she just turned 2)loves the Backyardigan's (as do I) so I think that she love's just having this as a toy.  However, we cannot have a pirate adventure in the tub, because the figurines cannot stay on the boat unless it is totally immobile, and even then you have to place them very carefully.  They slip and slide as they are plastic and so is the boat deck.  The sail constanly comes off. I have had to glue it on.  We mostly play with this on the bedroom floor.", 5.0
"Also, it would be nice if the other pirate characters were available, even at an extra cost, but I have not seen them anywhere.  Argh!", 5.0
"All in all, I am disappointed.  They should be made to walk the plank for this", 4.0
"My 2 year 4 month old daughter loves the Pirate Tub Time Adventure.  She couldn't wait for me to take it out of the box.  No more than a few seconds later she was asking for tub time.  The boat floats well and the top lifts off to provide a convenient storage spot for Pablo and Uniqua.  Pablo and Uniqua do plop out of the boat when bobbing along in the tub, but my daughter loves "saving" them from the torrent-laden waters.  She has been playing make believe with this set for hours on end.  She doesn't want to leave home without the two backyardigans either.  It has made entertaining her a snap.  This toy also can be thought of educational in the sense that it helps her develop imagination and tactile skills.  She's learning how to put the removable sail back in--- basically she's learning a dexterity task with that.", 5.0
"The only sad thing is she wants to know where Austin, Tasha, and Tyronne are.  None available yet :", 5.0
"the boat does not stay together in the tub. my 2-year-old son enjoys the little characters but not the boat.", 5.0
"My son loves figurines and he loves the Backyardigans so this was a great toy for him. I just wish there were more Backyardigan figurines out there", 4.0
"My 2 year old and almost 5 year old love this toy.  Its cute and fun in the bath.  Only complaint is our sail/pole also does not stay in very well, it falls out very easily.  I am thinking about using super glue to fix it permenently.  Other than that, they love it!", 5.0
"I have one of these and have never gotton board. I play with it hours each day. It can bounce really high. Anyone who is looking for a fun toy or a great gift should buy this! There's some in stock at Target.Com.", 5.0
"I got a Pogo Roo for Christmas around 1991.  My parents were not sure whether I would like it or not.  I played with that pogo stick more than anything I else for the next few years.  I spent most of Christmas day trying to see how many jumps in a row I could get.  I used this same pogo stick for years, bouncing down the street to my friends' houses.  I started doing tricks like no hands and 360's by about 4th grade. The spring broke sometime around 1998 but it still worked pretty good.  I finally threw it away when I was in 17 in 2001 after 10 years and millions of bounces", 1.0
"The pump works well enough, but it produces a horribly houd screeching motor sound.  It terrified all the children--definitely not worth it!", 1.0
"Not sure if all pumps are this loud...but goodness this one is so loud it hurt my ears...also the attachments that come with it (for different size holes) are not affixed to the pump so you have to hold the attachments on the blower while it is filling up the item and the cord is not on the side of the pump, it's on the bottom so you cannot even set the pump down while it is inflating the item. It is just a bit awkward.  I used it to blow up an inflatable Castle for my 20 month old and there are several areas to blow up and some of them are a bit awkward and trying to hold the pump AND hold the attachments on the pump with one hand was a bit aggrevating", 1.0
"I purchased this pump for my sons inflatable pool.  We tried to pump it for over an hour.  Thought maybe was something was wrong with the pool. So I bought another inflatable pool (different type).  No, this pump does not pump at all.", 1.0
"This pump is very loud. It does hurt your ears.  It also takes a long time to blow up any inflatable pool. The valves that come with it are not small enough to fit into some pool valves.  Not worth the money", 5.0
"This pump is so terribly loud that it truly hurts your ears. First, I thought I'd tough it out to get my daughter's kiddie pool inflated. I thought it would take a couple of minutes. But the pump is neither powerful nor quick. I had to give up because me ears really hurt. I could feel the pain in my ears for hours afterwards. Who designs such a thing? This is a real danger to your hearing. Worse than a rock concert! Don't buy this item. I got the High-Output Air Pump - Double Quick III instead. It is a manual pump and gives you a bit of a work-out but in a way that's not a bad thing! It is a fast and quiet pump. A must better alternative.", 5.0
"La bomba realmente es muy ruidosa, al punto que cuando esta en operacin es imposible escuchar si una persona se dirije a usted.", 5.0
"Las boquillas no se mantienen en su lugar y, o bien, usted sujeta bomba y boquilla durante el inflado o se ve forzado a suspender continuamente el proceso para recolocar las boquillas.", 5.0
"Very loud, very slow - takes almost as long to inflate as when using a foot pump", 4.0
"We got this for my 8 year old son for Christmas and he had a blast putting it together.  My husband assisted him with the assembly, but I think he could've done it on his own.  The car has lots of neat details and he was impressed with the engine and the moving parts.  If you or someone you know loves Ferraris this would be a great gift.  The price isn't bad either", 5.0
"The LEGO Racers Ferrari 430 Spider was probably THE most popular item among LEGO fans this past Christmas!  It was the #1 request from my grandson, and I tried in vain to find it on the shelves at the BIG toy stores and big box stores.  Leave it to LEGO to make a quality product that appeals to kids of all ages, but this one especially geared to the 8 YO group (and up).  All pieces accounted for, assembly instructions concise and easy to follow, finished product true to the box picture, with a minimum of frustration on the part of my grandson!  And, leave it to Amazon.com to actually stock the product they sell, which has not always been my experience on other websites.", 5.0
"MY SON WANTED THIS FOR HIS 13TH BIRTHDAY. HE LOVES IT.  HE PUT IT TOGETHER IN ABOUT 1 WEEK & PLAYS WITH IT. IT DOES FALL APART ONCE IN AWHILE AFTER PLAYING WITH IT, BUT THAT IS WHATS FUN, HE CAN PUT IT BACK TOGETHER AGAIN", 5.0
"This is the best lego i ever had. You take a while to get situated but then it is fun going on and on through the tim", 5.0
"Do not even waste your time getting this. First of all it's very diffucult to get it to the proper consistency, not too watery that is slips off the spoon and not too thick or it won't go down her throat. Even my daughter thought it wasn't worth the hassell and said "let's just pretend". If you are lucky enough to get the right consistency and it actually comes out the other end (sitting her on the potty is another story), it takes a long time to all come out and then it's a pain to clean it up. Don't do it, I'm telling you", 5.0
"Yes this does have 20 packets of baby food in it, but they are extremely small...about the size of a sweet n low pouch", 5.0
"This was purchased for our two granddaughters (3 and 4) and they loved it.  Large  pieces made for easy manipulation for little fingers.  This is a "keeper"", 5.0
"My three year old LOVES this puzzle! He puts it together over and over. I like this puzzle for the sturdy pieces that are so large they are IMPOSSIBLE to lose. When put together the puzzle itself is a beautiful underwater scene. A Melissa and Doug hit!", 5.0
"The purchase transaction was the smoothest.  The box was a little damaged but the hut was in excellent shape.  The hut was much larger than expected", 5.0
"My son received this as a birthday gift, and has played with it since.  It is durable, easy to set up, and quite fun for mulitple children.", 5.0
"excellent choice", 5.0
"Hi everyone .. I ordered this for my Son's birthday (he will be 4).  As it is in October and he happened to see it, it is in use now and he loves it.  This is so easy to put up (pop-up style) and put down again for storage.  The one thing I would say is it's a little too big for one child .. great if you have a few but I can almost stand up straight inside it and I am 5 feet 5 inches tall!!  Still, he loves the movie CARS and Lightning McQueen .. so overall a great buy for hours of pretend fun at the pit stop!!", 4.0
"I bought this for my granddaughter who is in second grade. She has found the game fun, but quite challenging and occasionally frustrating at times. It has multiplication in it, which surprised me, as I did not think they did that in 2nd grade! Also, the game has prefixes and suffixes; also something I did not think they got to at this grade level. However, she IS learning,and generally having a good time doing so, and that is why I choose Leapster products", 5.0
"My granddaughter loves the 2nd Grade Leapster "game".  Not really a game, since it is based on the 3 R's but she says it makes learning fun.  She is very bright (aren't all grandchildren) but is often bored in school.  My son says that this has helped her tremendously and that she now relates her school work to her Leapster.  Not a bad thing when you consider that her generation is all about electronics. I will definitely buy one for my other granddaughter when she is ready for this level.", 4.0
"My son really enjoys this game.  He got five for Christmas and this is his second favorite after Batman.", 5.0
"When i checked it out at first i thought it was just a gameboy type rival, but there's lots of learning going on!", 5.0
"Great for a child who is comfortably in Second Grade.  For gifted it will not last long -- after two weeks my son is on the last level.  But he still finds it more fun than the gameboy games and opts for it over his Gameboy or computer games when given his free time", 4.0
"MY 7 year old daughter got this game for christmas along with the leapster game system and she doesn't seem to like this game as much as the rest of the games she has, why I'm not sure I havn't played this one myself, but there's a spongebob game that she likes much better, this one hasn't kept her interest as long as the spongebob game", 5.0
"My daughter who is 6 and my son who is 7 LOVES this game!  They like the idea that education can be fun.  They ask for this system more than there game boy and believe me that is alot! lol It teaches things like suffixes and double digit math, and lots more.  Lots of fun! When they start playing they don't want to stop..", 5.0
"Very cool critters! Hatched just fine following the enclosed directions. My saurs are 37 days old, over 2 inches long, and going strong. We have enjoyed them immensely.", 4.0
"Uncle Milton's product is so great.  I can hardly wait till my baby aquasaur is going to be a grown-up.  And I will still have much fun when it is a grown-up", 4.0
"this is one of the most dissappointing items i ever bought for my son.  we set up the tank and nothing grew.  called the company for money back and they did nothing save your money because you might as well throw it down the toilet if you buy this item.  hope i have helped.", 5.0
"wELL IVE HERD ALOT ON THESE FORUMS BUT I THINK IT IS VERT EDUCATIONAL. I HAVENT STILL GOT MINES BUT I CANT WAIT UNTIL I DO. IM GETTING IT FOR CHRISTMAS. SO I JUST HOPE ,Y AQUASAURS WILL LIVE LONG. AND IT WILL BE WONDERFULL IF 2 OF MY AQUARAURS WILL HAVE BABIES SO I WONT NEED TO BEG TO BUY MORE. BUT IF ONLY ONE HATCHES I HOPE ITS A FEMALE BECAUSE I HERD THAT MOST FEMALE AQUASAURS DONT NEED A MALE TO HAVE BABIES", 1.0
" I am 7 years old and my mom gave me these aquasaur pets as a gift. The aquasaurs hatched after 3 days.  It was so much fun taking care of them and I learned a lot.  They grew quickly.  Most boys and girls that love science and prehistoric animals will enjoy these aquasaur pets", 5.0
"I got this toy for my 7 year old son for CHristmas. What a waste of $25.00. This tank is soooo flimsy. When I buy a Coke I get a stronger plastic!! [...]We followed instructions verbatim and have had NO luck.AVE YOUR MONEY. [...", 1.0
"I actually bought this for my 82 yr old mother - who called and said how delighted she was with the product. She especially likes the feature where she can type in partial letters and get possible solutions.  She uses it to help her solve Jumbles as well.  It's easy to use, has appropriate words and lots of choices.   In fact, she asked me to order another one for her neighbor, who has tried many other types, but was never happy with them.  Now he's a convert to this one as well.  The only drawback, according to them, is the lid is a little flimsy and with lots of use, tends to come off.  Other than that, they love it", 5.0
"This works beautifully.  I have not had it long enough to know how well the battery holds up but am not too worried about that. The only reason I did not give this five stars is because I had a previous edition which was in stainless steel with a soft leather case, and smaller----and thus more handy. Further I am not "digitally gifted" so I fumble about a bit in trying to open it.  But it surely does a great job once I get it open.  I do not regret my purchase---not one bit", 5.0
"Had an old one for about 20 years. The on/off button was not working so well. Loved the product so much I bought another one to replace it. It's very similar to the original. The only drawback is that's twice the size of the first one I had", 1.0
"There's 2 areas which could be improved. Upon starting the clear button needs to be activated to stop a scrolling message. Would be nice to be able to use it without this step. The other area is the large size text is great but the letters are somewhat block like. Smoothing of letters would be better. So far, the solver does its job well", 5.0
"this works great i always do word jumbles helps me get the ones i can't highly recomen", 5.0
" I bought the Crossword Puzzle Solver for my wife.  She finds it very easy to use and very helpful in completing her daily puzzle", 5.0
"This Franklin puzzle solver is easy to use. I love having the sturdy cover. This hand held is not too big like some of their other models and not too small like their original model. The back lighting is much improved and it is a pleasure to use. Franklin makes terrific, long-lasting products and this one is no exception", 5.0
"This is an excellent accessory to use for solving your crossword puzzles.  Just put in a letter or two and it will find all associated words for you.  It is an invaluable tool", 5.0
"My Dad is a crossword-aholic. I bought this for him as a Christmas gift and he has said he likes it, but I KNOW he likes it because it is sitting on his end table on top of whatever crossword puzzle he is doing. Plus I always see him using it. He's 72 and he has no trouble. I feel this is a good sign this must be user friendly. I've also heard him say "This really works!" Anyway...I'm glad I found something he likes. He's not exactly easy to buy for.", 5.0
"I am not a big fan of board games, but my children love them. Both my husband and I along with our children ages 9,11 and 14, had a great time playing.  Unlike other games, this one can be played in a short period of time and you don't even really need to use the board if you don't want to. Even though we are a very close knit family, this game gave us a great opportunity to discover some little things that we did not know about each other. The game has a good mix of questions so that younger children can easily play.  We had to skip some of the questions to get to more interesting ones. Overall, I would recommend this game.", 5.0
"A game for the family--we played with my children, my brother and my step-mother, it was too much fun. We were talking about it the next day, the crazy answers and trying to figure out whose answer was whose.", 1.0
"I originally got the game as both an educational tool for my children to encourage their deeper thinking and communication skills, as well as for my classes (I teach English as a foreign language). And so far it has been a big hit, we can't wait to play it again.", 5.0
"On their turn, the player rolls the dice and moves accordingly. The spaces are all colored, using 4 different colors, similar to pictionary. The player then pulls out a question card and asks the question to everyone else. Everyone except the player writes their answer on their answer sheet and gives it to the person on the right of the present player. The person who has the answers then reads them one by one to the player, and the player tries to guess whose answer it was. If they are right, they move forward one. If not, they stay put.", 4.0
"It took us about 1 hour to get through the game, but we were never bored once the entire time. I would highly recommend this game as good fun for the family and sleepover with friends", 1.0
"I bought this for my girlfriend, who really loves Jane Austen's work. She liked it very much. It's a funny gift to give, and perfect to have somewhere in your house, between your Jane books.", 1.0
"But for me, not a great fan as her, I think the details and the painting of the action figure could be better. She didn't take out from the box, and it's fine that way. Wonder what would happen if you actually play with it like a toy.", 4.0
"This was a gift for a friend who is a big Jane Austen fan.  It was a big fun hit!! I found the doll to be beautifully made with charming detail.  I think I'll get another!!!  Actually, don't tell anyone, but right now she's sitting by a figure of Mozart and I'm not sure they're not up to something when we go home at night", 5.0
"I bought this doll for a friend of mine who is a huge Jane Austen fan, and it's adorable.  I love that it's an action-figure - and that writing can be considered an action (as someone currently writing a dissertation, it's nice to think that those endless hours might be considered "action").", 5.0
"This toy is pretty much all you could possibly ask for in a plastic action figure of an author.  Though I would love to see her battle Shakespeare or Joyce..", 5.0
"My little 6 month old boy just loves these two! Very soft, plush toys, that are easy to wash", 5.0
"We have been looking for Bert everywhere. These are nice quality and do not pick up lint/dog hair from around our house. (We've had other stuffed animals that do.)  They are just the right size to go with the rest of the Gund Sesame Street collection. Very happy with the purchase and the supplier", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my 2 year old grandson's birthday. He's in love with the "Cars" movie but unfortunately many of the movie's toys are not appropriate for his age group.", 1.0
"This plush toy is great for him and seems to be very durable. He tends to be rough on things but the toy is holding up very well. It's also very cute and says some FUNNY things.", 5.0
"For younger children, I feel the toy is well worth the money, but I think kids older than 3 would get bored quickly. Mater is cuddly and can talk but that's about it", 4.0
"This is a cute toy. My 11 year old even plays with him. I also have a 8 and 4 year old that enjoy playing with him. He is soft toy. When you switch him out of demo mode he is fun. You can shake him and he will talk or you can push his tow bar or bumper to talk. He shuts himself off when you leave him alone. He says later mater..He sounds just like he did in the movie. He even make us laugh(Parents). So all in all I feel he would entertain all ages :", 5.0
"If you've seen CARS, the animated movie, you know all about the tow truck called Mater, voiced by Larry The Cable Guy.  This soft plush toy has his voice saying one of 75 different phrases when you squeeze his tow hook or front bumper.  Some of the phrases are two-parters where Mater will ask a question and wait a few seconds for an answer, then add another quote.  It's not really interactive, but will seem so to a child.", 5.0
"Great toy for a kid of any age - I got it as a gag gift for my son, who is 31 years old.  It cracked him up", 5.0
"it didn't make me laugh. it made cheap jokes about cars and oil that weren't funny. I guess if it makes you laugh than you can give it 5 star", 5.0
"My 5 yr old attends a Montessori school that provides this toy as an activity. That is how I heard about it. My daughter talked about it so much at school, I bought one for her to use at home. The fruits and vegetables velcro together easily, and when sliced provide a realistic sound and feel. Lots of fun", 5.0
"I purchased this for my 2 1/2 yr old grandaughter for Christmas and she loves this toy! She had numerous other high tech toys that we gave her but she always comes back to this one and plays with this one for hours.", 5.0
"The only downside is once she "cuts up" her veggies, she cannot put them back together again. An adult needs to be around to put them back together which is okay as it's a good way to interact with your little one", 5.0
"Cutting food is so much fun for my kids.  They like to imitate adults, but this is a safe way for them to have their own knives.  Great for figuring out fractions too", 5.0
"My daughter has had this set for about three years, and she still plays with it! She's seven now, and would probably kill me for divulging this information, but she enjoys it now more than she did when she was younger. When our neighbors come over to play, all they want to do is "cut the food, please." I bought them their own set for Christmas this year. The pieces are very easy for little fingers to manipulate, and the quality is outstanding. I love the classic toy look. They are very easy to put back together, and you've gotta love something that comes in its own storage box", 5.0
"I had thought of getting wooden food for my sons, and wondered if the cuttable food was overkill. We tend to go with fewer bells and whistles in favor of toys that stimulate the imagination. Before I made up my mind a friend gave us this set. Her own children had outgrown it. Both my 2yo and 5 1/2 yo LOVE it. The cuttable aspect is the greatest feature. They rarely take the food to the toy kitchen or stove, but they can sit and cut it, put it back together, make mutant veggies (Hmmm, GMO perhaps?), cut them again, make sandwiches, pretend to eat them... for amazing lengths of time. I will be buying this for my niece as a holiday gift as well", 5.0
"I have twin boys that are 5 and my older twin is autistic. We started at a new school that had a special program for him. His teacher had this at his school she had him use this to help with his dexterity. He loves this so much he wants to play with this every day. I have been looking for this and now will get this for him at home. This is a great product and I recommend this to anyone my other twin likes the product as well", 1.0
"My children at the center thought this was the greatest thing.  Only problem is after 2 sets, it doesnt last.  The velcro wears out.  I ended up purchasing a plastic set that is lasting better", 5.0
"A friend of mine originally purchased this for my then 3-year-old daughter.  She LOVED it.  My daughter loves helping out in the kitchen and enjoys a toy that emulates cooking.  I would have given this toy 5 stars overall, but one of the velcro pieces fell off & that piece is useless.  Other than that, it's wonderful.  I just bought it for my nephew that is infatuated with it as a Christmas present", 1.0
"My daughter loves the backyardagains.  Austin completed her collection of all 5 of them, now she can't go to sleep without them.  She loves them all but Austin is her favorate because he's purple... it's great", 1.0
"Another cute beanie baby to make my daughters collection of all 5 complete.", 5.0
"MY CHild got all 5 of these for her birthday..... has not stopped loving them at all.... dido for the previouse review.... well finished.... vivid colors.... exactly like the tv show characters...... great price... good buy", 5.0
"I bought 4 of them for our 2 year old daughter, because Tasha was not in stock. They are really beutiful, very well finished, nice colors, excellent quality and exactly the same with the ones on the TV. Our daughter loves them, she sleeps with the four of them every night. I would strongly recomend buying them if your kid likes the backyardignas TV show", 4.0
"Humpty Dumpty - man this is a pretty gross looking figure and that's what makes it so good. It's nasty and repugnant but fits well into the "Twisted" series. This was the hardest figure for me to find but is worth the search to complete this brilliant set. While the series shines on the girls presented, this is the best male figure. This shows why gluttony is a sin", 5.0
"Have you ever seen the movie Se7en?  If you have, then you have seen Humpty Dumpty.  While Humpty was origionally an egg, here he's more like an obese (overly) man who, instead of getting cracked was more like disemboweled.  This is where simplicity meets detail and works, better than lets say 'Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater'...It's simple in that there are not a lot of small pieces and such...it's just a big blob of plastic, but it's detailed in that there is a lot going on here.  The detail is, for lack of a better word, disgusting, but then again, so is the thought of a broken egg (yolk is messy)...So, as I've mentioned before, these are less 'toys' and more shelf space and that's how we like them...on the shelf in their plastic and meant to be owed at because McFarlane is a genious", 5.0
"Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall.", 5.0
"Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.", 5.0
"All the king's horses and all the king's men", 5.0
"Couldn't put Humpty together again.", 4.0
"Although Humpty Dumpy is the anthropomorphized egg who appeared in the well-known Mother Goose rhyme, he also pops up in Lewis Carroll's "Through the Looking-Glass," where he has a most interesting discussion with Alice regarding semantics.  As to his origin there are theories that Humpty Dumpty was (a) a powerful cannon that was mounted atop a church in Colchester that defended the city against siege in 1648 during the English Civil War, (b) a reference to King Richard III, the supposedly hunchbacked monarch who fell off of a horse named Wall at the battle of Bosworth Field, (c) a Roman war machine called the Testudo that was used to cross moats and climb over castle walls, and (d) medieval slang for a short, clumsy person (the idea being that the explanation for the story is that Humpty Dumpty is an egg, which, you will note, is not mentioned in the rhyme).", 5.0
"None of those explanations suffice when it comes to McFarlane Toy's "Twisted Fairy Tales" version of Humpty Dumpty, who has just suffered the aforementioned great fall.  If you thought a cracked shell was a bad thing, wait until you get a gander at maggot-infested insides of this Humpty Dumpty.  This figure is not for breakfast, that is for sure, but the idea is a bit better than the execution.  The again, do you really want the insides of Humpty Dumpty to be so gross that you would swear you can smell rotten egg?  I think not, which is why I consider this the least compelling figure in the Twisted Fairy Tales collection.  This is a hit or miss figure as far as I am concerned.", 5.0
"Twisted Fairy Tales is the fourth series of McFarlane's Monsters, and the rest of the menagerie consists of Red Riding Hood, Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater, Little Miss Muffet, and the tag team of Hansel and Gretel (who are sold separately and not as a set, just to be clear here).  Once you look at Humpty Dumpty you know that these are sick, twisted figures, intended only for mature audiences.  That is because if you are old enough to know about the English Civil War, Richard III, Roman war machines, and medieval slang, then you know that most nursery rhymes originate from such fun things as the Black Death.  You youngsters probably just thought Mother Goose had a twisted sense of humor, and McFarlane Toys has certainly confirmed your suspicions with these figures", 5.0
"This Humpty Dumpty figurine, from the Twisted Fairy Tales series, is a fun toy.  While disgusting to look at, it is nonetheless fascinating.  The series Twisted Fairy Tales gives a glimpse of how these nursery rhymes and fairy tales might have looked if Stephen King or Clive Barker had rewritten them.  This is the first piece I collected, and it is a neat find", 5.0
"these batmans were larger than i thought they would be, which is ok. his arms and legs can move, but there isnt much else to the toy. since there are so many electronic toys out know, a child will get bored with this toy. ours is collecting dust now", 1.0
"Bought this as a present for my 3 1/2 yr old grandson & he loved it.", 5.0
"It's a large sized, colorful batman.", 4.0
"The foam "bullets" seem to be very soft and safe, and the price was a great deal for the product.", 2.0
"Would recommend this toy to friends with small children.", 1.0
"This is an amazing toy! It is durable and HUGE. The only downside is the "blaster" sticks - some of the foam blasters do not shoot. My son is very happy with this toy, and I intend to buy one for his friend soon.", 4.0
"It's the best[...] superhero toy I've bought", 5.0
"My 4 year old is in love with this toy. I am happy b/c the nerf like missles are heavy enough for good shooting but soft enough not to damage anything in the house. Happy with purchas", 5.0
"My 5 year old son loves this batman.  It is bigger than I expected and fun to play with.  Good quality (stood test of time with my 19 month old banging on it) and fast shipping.  I also got it at an awesome price...Amazon Rocks", 5.0
"lol, this was $9.99 when i bought it...looks like amazon jacked the price up but this toy is worth the current price all the way! This Batman can shoot 3 nerf like rockets from a shoulder mounted launcher! I just started toy collecting about 6 months ago and this is by far the highlight of my collection! Great toy for any Batman fan any age, period", 5.0
"My boyfriend's nephew loves this gift I gave him for Christmas. The blaster shoots pretty far for such a small product with enough force. The objects being blasted are soft & won't cause injury. Beware of an oncoming attack: we experienced a surprise one with foam bullets raining on us while watching a movie.", 5.0
"Its large, too. & as you know, size does matter. I wouldn't buy it for my two year old brother, but it was perfect for the five year old recipient", 5.0
"I ORDERED THIS FIGURE THINKING HE WOULD BE ABOUT AS TALL AS A BARBIE DOLL. WRONG!!!! HE IS MUCH LARGER!!!!! HE IS ALMOST HUGE! MUCH BIGGER THAN I WOULD EXPECT FOR A TEN DOLLAR TOY! THIS PRICE RIGHT HERE (OF ONLY TEN DOLLARS) REALLY IS A BARGAIN! WHAT'S MORE THIS DOLL LOOKS VERY NICELY MADE. HE LOOKS BOTH DURABLE AND ATTRACTIVE. I BOUGHT THIS FIRST ONE FOR SOMEONE ELSE SO I HAVEN'T OPENED THE PACKAGE. BUT I AM SO IMPRESSED WITH THE TOY'S APPEARANCE THAT I AM ORDERING ANOTHER ONE FOR MYSELF! IF HE PERFORMS HALF AS WELL AS HE LOOKS HE WILL HE WILL BE WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY. AND I USUALLY DON'T BUY "BOY" TOYS. BUT I HAVE TO SAY THAT THIS BATMAN ROCKS! 5 VERY, VERY BIG STARS! AND A NEW BATMAN FAN HERE", 4.0
"For the price you can't beat this toy.  My 3 year old loved it.  The gun by itself is worth it, the Batman makes it even better, 2 toys in one", 5.0
"This is really one of the best batman figures of all time. It is very tall and comes with a certain nerf like gun and a key that makes it work and extra foam things for the gun too. The back of the box has target practice boards for extra fun.The figure is really detailed and is alot of fun to enjoy", 5.0
"We bought this puzzle for our daughter's first birthday - hoping to counter some of the noisier toys we suspected she would recieve (and she did).", 5.0
"To our great pleasure it was well-recieved, and is something she enjoys tinkering with whilst making her rounds of the toys.", 4.0
"The pieces are large and - unlike so many first puzzles - are made out of thick, sturdy plywood. They are painted with non-toxic paints, rather than having a layer of paper like many other puzzles which so quickly become soggy and unusable the first time they find their way into the mouth.", 1.0
"The only downside is that the pieces do have slightly rough edges - I think I may end up taking a piece of sandpaper to them at some point just to smooth them out a bit. And, as the other reviewer noted, this can cause difficulty in getting the pieces in.", 1.0
"Despite this minor flaw this is an excellent learning tool for young toddlers, and I highly recommend it", 1.0
"We got this for our son's 1st birthday. He understands the concept of putting the pieces back in the puzzle but he usually thinks it's more fun to take one puzzle piece in each hand and bang them together like cymbals. The only negative thing I can really say about this is that for some reason the puzzle we got is really tight fitting, unlike the two other Melissa & Doug puzzles, one which was bought at the same time as this one. So that creates a little bit of frustration sometimes for my little toddler. But they're each cut by hand (with the proper equipment of course) so each puzzle will vary.", 1.0
"-knobs are perfect size for little hands", 1.0
"-colorful and attractive", 5.0
"-sturdy, well-made", 5.0
"-large pieces (easy to find when your toddler takes them to other parts of the house", 1.0
"  I just finished this painting. This is not appropriate for someone under the age of 15. The spaces are small, and for a child it would be difficult. This is not the first painting that I have purchased. I have purchased paintings from both Deminsions and CraftHouse. The only complaint that I have about Demensions is that they only provide one brush and most of the time the bristles splinter and it makes it difficult to paint the small areas. CraftHouse always provides 2 which is what I use on all of the paintings. I enjoy all of the paintings that I have purchased. I lean more to the scenery especially the sea scapes", 1.0
"I love awareness bears and ribbons.They get people attention when they see me wearing the ribbons or the seeing the bears in my car and home.the beanie bear is cute and soft it's my new favorite bear", 5.0
"My son has been seeing this toy in the stores for months and every time he would say he wanted it. Well he received it from Grandma for X-Mas. He loves it and has played with it every day since he opened it.", 5.0
"I really like it because it's a solid, durable toy and pulling the lever to make the T-Rex roar and chomp is fun!", 5.0
"My grandson just loves playing with the Imaginext Dinosaurs.  They are well worth the money and hours of fun..", 5.0
"My 4 yo is THRILLED with the Imaginext Dinosaur series.  They are so durable!!!  T-Rex has adjustable arms & legs and makes noises when you pull the lever.  We've had this one for several months and have NEVER replaced the batteries.  It also has a switch to turn off the sound, but the lever will still activate his head & jaws even when it's turned off!", 5.0
"I'm am extremely pleased with the whole series", 5.0
"I am 6 years old and Razor is my favorite toy.  I love his growls!  They sound like what I think a real T-Rex would sound like.  I like Razor's colors of blue and red.  I watch a lot of Discovery channel and have lots of dinosaur books and know that cavepeople and dinosaurs did not exist at the same time and that T-Rexes were probably green or brown or gray, but Mom says artists and writers mix fantasy and real life a lot.  It's ok as long as you know the difference.  Razor fights Thunder, the Brontosaurus, a lot and Razor always wins.  I have the whole collection except for Whip, the Parasaurolophus.  I wish every kid had these toys!", 5.0
"My nephew loved this gift", 5.0
"My four year old has several of the Imaginext dinos, but t-rex is his favorite.  He has a fantastic roar when you pull the lever and adjustable legs and tail.  It's made a great addition to our dinosaur collection", 5.0
"This toy is so much fun, travels well, and boys and girls will like it.  The best toy received this Christmas", 5.0
"This was a gift for my 6 year old son, and I can just tell you that he LOVES this toy! He has spent hours playing with this (we also bought the Imaginext Brontosaurus to go along with it) imagining all sorts of adventures. All the accessories are great fun too. The T-Rex makes "scary" noises that the kids can control by pushing a button near his belly that also makes the T-Rex "chomp". My 2 1/2 year old son loves this too, I will be getting him one of his own because my boys fight over who gets to play with this. Very popular toy in our house! The colors are nice and bright and the dino is very sturdy (it already has survived lots of fights!). Great price too. Overall I highly recommend this toy, in fact this was such a hit that I will be adding other pieces of the Imaginext Dinosaurs to our collection.", 5.0
"I wanted a play house that had both climbing and play options inside. This is a great one for just that. I am now ordering the 2 seat swingset extention for this and I think my 3 year old boy girl twins will love it and use it for at least 3 years. The total cost for the  house and swingset will be 700 - but if you buy this house when they are 2 a kid will have many years of use out of it. It is durable and can be sold or handed over in 10 years as well. I bought mine  over a year ago and it still looks practically ne", 5.0
"I was looking for some horses to give my daughter for her 4th birthday and these were a great deal for the price. I saw other toy horses that were just hollow plastic for almost twice as much and these have a nice soft coat. She loves them", 4.0
"My little boy is 2, and he loves to carry things around that are as big as he is.  So naturally, he loves the golf clubs and he also likes playing with the ball dispenser.  It's a cute kit and I think he'll have even more fun when he learns to putt", 5.0
"My daughter got this for christmas when she was 2 1/2 and she loved it from day one. Her daddy is a avid golfer and they have logged countless hours in the back yard together hitting the balls around. The educational value is great for hand eye and for patience. Also for sharing and taking turns when the other kids come over and want to play with it. ( they love it!!) As far as the durability..... if my daughter ( RAMBOETTE) can distroy something she will and it has held up beautifully. not a problem one. Found that regular golf balls work in it also wiffle balls and ping pong balls also to solve the missing ball delema. I am getting 4 of them for my nephews so that we can have our own golf tournie!!", 5.0
"My son received this set for his 3rd birthday.  Two years later, we still have it and he still plays with it.  I'm not sure what the problem is with the 'lack of durability' comments.  My son has thrown it around yard and hit on it with the clubs with no problems of it falling apart.  We were able to order replacement balls from Fisher Price with no problems.  The clubs have finally cracked so I'm looking into order replacement clubs now.  This is a great toy", 5.0
"My 3 yr. old received this as a gift. It would not stay together so my husband had to &quot;modify&quot; it the best he could. It still kept falling apart so into the trash it finally went", 4.0
"My son received this for his 2 year birthday, and it was a hug hit!!!  He loves it as well as his 5 year old sister.  They both like the ball release mechanism that is very durable!  A great toy!   We are missing balls though and I am searching for replacements", 5.0
"Fantastic toy that provides hours and hours of great entertainment for your little toddler.  It is fabulous and unique because it helps develop balance and equilibrium when setting up the tee", 4.0
"We bought one of these sets for our youngest child to get him interested in golf.  The set is reasonably well-made; the ball drop mechanism is a neat idea but not as useful as it could be as he just hit the ball from wherever it lay. While intriguing to him for a short while, the attention span didn't last as long as we would have liked. Once the balls were hit to locations unknown, he and his older borther have used the clubs collaboratively as swords or individually as brother-prods to get each other going", 5.0
"I bought this for my son and he loves it.  I have seen other ones and they are not as durable as this one.  Very real looking for an early learner", 5.0
"I have a family of 3 children and it goes girl, boy, girl.  As our children do a lot of imaginary play it is great to see male polly's as well. It gives a more rounded play and a more realistic playtime. We don't have a world without guys now don't we. My son loves his.... He takes it everywhere. I wish there were more male dolls.", 4.0
"Really cute cars that store in one another.  The only issue is that the baby wants to put them in his mouth and they are too bulky and hard so he gets frustrated with them.  Great colors and really cute from an adult standpoint", 5.0
"I thought it was an neat ideal but my grand kids weren't impress with it. I guess you have to be in your 50's to think it was neat", 5.0
"My son received this toy as a gift when he was 6 months old. He loved it from the start. Each car has a different activity- rattle, spinning , etc. He figured out how to "drive" them along the ground after only a day or two of carrying them around. (I swear no one showed him- how do boys instinctively know what to do with cars??) They encouraged him to crawl more. Numbers, colors, stacking, nesting, driving around- so many things they can be used for.  They are like several toys in one", 5.0
"This is a great learning toy.  The cars can be stacked up or nested.  Hours of fun for the little ones. ;)", 5.0
"Our son received these vehicles when he was a baby.  He is now 21 months old and still loves them.  They have endured lots of play time and we will keep these for when he gets married and has kids so his kids can play with them too", 5.0
"I bought these cars for my daughter when she was three months old.  She is now nine months old and she loves this toy.  She loves the wheels, and she especially loves that they can be stacked and that they are a nesting toy.  She likes to take them apart and put them back inside eachother.  My friends children have had so much fun with this toy that I keep extra on hand for gifts.  It is also an inexpensive gift if you like to keep gifts in the house for that unexpected guest or Birthday party.  Well worth the price", 5.0
"This is a VERY durable toy...the kids love for me to stack it so they can knock it over PLUS these are great first cars for a baby!", 5.0
"My almost two year old loves these cars.  Bright, durable and each interesting on its own with neat features, numbers, moving parts and wheels that roll!  Stack them, nest them, roll them around the floor!  You can even throw them in the tub the stickers stay on and remain in great condition!  Just a great value for all of it's punch", 5.0
"This is a great game for enthusiastic viewers of the show.  People who have not watch many shows are somewhat lost, but still enjoy the conversations.", 4.0
"I bought Friends Scene It for my son's girlfriend who is a Friends maniac!  She loves it - it makes a great game for groups, and best of all, you don't have to know anything about the show to be able to play, so EVERYONE can participate.  Highly recommended to add to any collection of Friends memorabilia", 4.0
"My six year old daughter received this for her birthday last week.  She loves the baby and has enjoyed playing with her in the bathtub.  My daughter has not had any problems getting the shower to work.  She is able to get quite a bit of water to come out of the shower.  I do think however, that the baby does take a long time to dry.  I have already noticed that the seams of the baby outfit are starting to rip and we have only had her for a week.  She has taken four baths with the baby.  I felt that her outfit could be a lot more durable.", 5.0
"My daughter has enjoyed this doll for over a year now, and the doll has never shown any sign of mold or mildew. We use it in the pool and the tub. There are small holes in the doll's heels that allow any water to drain from the body. I hang it over the tub nozzle so that water will drip in the tub and air will flow around all sides of the doll. We have only used the float and shower in the pool, and that may be where they work best since the water is deeper. To fill the fish with water we simply keep it attached to the tube and sqeeze the fish while holding it under water. My daughter likes to bath this doll with real soap at home and "pretend" soap at the pool. It has been very entertaining for her", 1.0
"Okay, I would not recommend this doll because she grew black mold inside her suit and around her legs. Yes, she does have a loop so that you can hang her up but she really doesn't get dry.  So . . . after a few months, the little lady grew mold.  I always squeezed her body so the water would squirt out the holes of her feet to drain her too but I guess we just weren't able to get her dry enough.  The mechanism for the shower is very difficult for a young child.  It's hard for them to attach the fish to the tube and then squeeze to activate the shower mechanism.  Well, the doll now sits in my garage and the fish is a nice chewing toy for my 16 month old daughter", 1.0
"This doll is cute to look at... until you use it and it begins to grow mold on the material. I took extreme care with this doll and it still grew black spots on the material. My daughter loved having a baby doll in the bath, however, the shower part never stayed together and was just a frustration.", 5.0
"I have to replace this doll have only having her for a few months because of the black spots (mold). Maybe I'll try the water baby that got good reviews.  Very disappointed in the quality!", 5.0
"First thing I would like to say is that the shampoo bottle that it comes with is a choking hazard. The cap comes of and its a small yellow tube that can get lodged in a child's throat. For this reason this doll was put on 2005's worst toy list. The good news? Simply throw away that part. My child had no interest in the shampoo bottle anyway. She loves the doll.", 5.0
"My daughter LOVES bath time now that she has a baby to take into the bath with her. She loves it. She can't quite get the shower feature to work on her own. (she's 2) but she loves giving her baby a bath. Another plus is that the floatie will also hold a water baby doll. SO she plays with her Water Baby doll and her little mommy bath doll.", 5.0
"My daughter received this bath tub baby for her second birthday, after receiving the regular "Little Mommy" baby doll for Christmas four months before, and LOVES it!! Mommy loves this doll because there's a hanging loop to hang her to dry when bath time is finished so she doesn't get moldy.  (There are holes in the bottom of the doll's feet to let the water drain out, such a great feature!) The floaty ring she sits in is cute and comes with a little wide mouth fish you connect to a tube under water and squeeze over and over to make the water come out of the "shower" part of the toy. You don't have to keep taking the fish off of the tube and re-filling it to keep the water coming out of the shower, just keep it all connected under water and squeeze again and again and again...very easy for small hands! She also likes to play with the fish as a toy for her baby and squirt Mommy with the water! I believe that the shower feature on this toy has helped my daughter get over her fear of showers--"Look, your baby likes it! You try it on your head..." We love all of the "Little Mommy" products, an excellent first baby and accessories (rocking puppy, shopping cart, stroller, etc.) for your toddler! My princess won't go anywhere without her "Baby Hope" (her name for the doll)", 5.0
"obviously as the package says. my daughter got this for her 2nd birthday and was very excited to use it in the tub. she got so frustrated with the bath ring that she tossed it aside and just played with the doll.", 1.0
"She was dissapointed when I had to take her "baby" away from her to hang dry, she wanted to dress her and keep playing with her- of course threw a tantrum. I only recommend this toy for older children who can understand this", 5.0
"We gave this to a 5 year old boy for Christmas and he loved it", 4.0
"I'm searching the web trying to figure out how to get blue moonsand color out of my carpet.  My kids like it and it is pretty cool, but whatever you do, don't let your kids play with it over carpet.  I figured I could just vacuum it up, but if the kids have stepped in it and smushed it into the carpet, good luck!  I'm upset right now, because I've spent 1/2 an hour with my carpet cleaner trying to get the blue out of my light tan carpet.  That's the only complaint I have.  Only play with this stuff outside and be careful not to track it into the house.", 5.0
"My husband and I saw the commercials for the Moon Sand products and got very excited because our daughter loves to play in her sand box when the weather is warm. We thought it would be fun to play with it indoors when it's cold outside. What a mistake! We bought the farm set and the castle set and just threw them both in the garbage this morning. In all fairness, the consistency of the product is pretty cool but there's not much of it. It's kind of like a cross between sand and playdoh or clay. That's also part of the problem. It will stick together when you mold it but unlike playdoh it is very fragile and comes apart easily, getting scattered EVERYWHERE, sticking to EVERYTHING. It's in our carpet, on the kid's clothes, in my tile grout, and I'm sure some other places I've yet to discover. The included molds are nearly impossible for a child to use and the sand gets stuck in all of the nooks and crannies. I had to use an old toothbrush to get all of the sand out of them.", 5.0
"After using this product I have a new found appreciation for playdoh. It may get hard after awhile, but it is cheap, clean, and consistently reliable.", 5.0
"It's an indoor sandbox. I love how easy it is to make things, and they stick together until you want to make something else. It is a really fun toy, and everytime I walk by it I have to play with it too", 5.0
"This is a very good first remote controled car for toddlers. Both my three year old and 20 mo old enjoy driving it around. The controls are easy to use and it goes fast enough to keep them interested. It's hard on batteries, but isn't everything", 5.0
"This was the hit of Xmas for our 23-month old. The remote worked very well and was more advanced than some of the other "beginner" RC cars. He couldn't care less about the animals--dumped them out and never touched them again--but was entranced by his ability to control the car.", 5.0
"However. He was carrying it about a 6 inches above a tile floor and dropped the car. That was that. It stopped responding to the remote and he was very unhappy.", 4.0
"Note Discovery will not help w/ the warranty; they direct you to contact the manufacturer. We have not gotten a response yet", 4.0
"My son got this for Chritmas, by Dec. 27 the toy did not work.  My son was very upset and so are his parents.  The car powers on but the remote seems to have some type of short.  It is sold as a remote control car for younger children, so it was very upsetting when a two year old could only play with his car for 2 days", 4.0
"Although this toy is a bit expensive, it is well worth the money. It is extremely well-made and durable, especially important for boys. My son is 18 months old and very much into "cause and effect". He loves remote controls of any kind and is constantly trying to figure out how his actions, i.e., button-pressing, with any kind of electronic device cause a subsequent reaction.", 5.0
"This toy is great because it taps right into his curiosity for that. Not only is it a shape sorter with the recognizable characters from "Ready, Set, Learn!", but the remote has two modes - forward and reverse/turn. The headlights even come on in forward mode. All in all, I highly recommend this toy from about 18 months up. Even my 4-year-old daughter loves it", 5.0
"I bought this item for a friend's two year old who is in love with Big Bird.  The item was exactly as described and in perfect condition. It even still had its official Sesame Street paper tag.  It arrived even faster then expected.  I would definely use this seller again", 4.0
"I've done my research and there is not a softer and cuddlier Big Bird out there. This is the quality that you expect from GUND. We have the whole collection. I highly recommend this product", 4.0
"The product came to me on time and was exactly what I ordere", 4.0
"Sorry folks", 5.0
"this one is a pain to figure out before getting knocked out by a flying plastic disc with scratch prone edges. Great for taking out an eye or blinding the user permanently.", 5.0
"NOT suggested for kids without protective face gear and an interpretor of the directions wlll need to be present at all times. Parents will be spending more time with it than the kids trying to get it to work properly.", 4.0
"My 6 year old was done with it as soon as I figured it out.", 5.0
"the upside", 4.0
"At least we spent more time together reading and doing crazy moves", 5.0
"I really love this toy. It's fun to practice your jutsus in it without looking stupid, and I like to dodge the discs when they come at me too. The only thing I don't like about it is that the sound effects aren't exactly welcome, but other than that, it's a great toy. I reccomend it. =)", 4.0
"-Meg &lt;", 5.0
"The instructions are complicated, the playset launches poker chip-sized projectiles at the child's face when the wrong hand movements are made, and the set is made of cheap plastic parts that don't stay together. I'd return it if I could find all the parts. A terrible toy.", 5.0
"My son really likes this toy, but, you have to have a lot of room so that you can be able to really appreciate the movement of the flying disks, and for easy disk retrival", 4.0
"I got this for my 4 and 8 year old grandkids for christmas when they ask for it after seening it on tv.  we were all very disappointed when it was unwraped.  It was hard to understand and get to work and after we did, it was nothing like they thought it would be.  now it just set in the closet", 5.0
"My daughter received this doll for her 3rd birthday, and wasn't quite ready for it.  The doll is larger than most, and heaftier.  The voice functions are plesantly self limiting when the doll is not moved for more than a minute - saving both batteries and my sanity.  Definitely seems to be made sturdy enough for the in and out of the car/shopping cart/playground use a favorite baby doll receives", 5.0
"After reviewing several ball pits, we chose the Sesame Street Ball Pit for our 19 month old; mainly because it had Elmo, was a decent size (although it's rather large once it's set up), and was under $40 with shipping.  My son loves the ball pit.  He jumps through the back doorway and side opening.  He plays with the basketball hoop and push-through hole, and buries himself in the balls.  There is not a slide which was listed on Amazon's description.  Although we have a lot of fun with the pit, there are some drawbacks.  Namely: it comes with only 75 balls (200-300 more fills it nicely), it is constructed of cheaper plastic, and the blow-up rails bend down so our son can jump in or out where he's not supposed to (he loves it...I have to correct him).  Overall, it's a lot of fun if you have room.  It will fit 2 children comfortably, up to 4 is a squeeze", 5.0
"My Son liked the sesame ball pit, I think its a very fun toy for him to play in.He has a lot of fun, the only 2 down falls is that it needs to come with more balls, It doesnt come with enough,also the other thing is that you would need a pump to inflate it. It does take forever by mouth.But other than that its a great gift for kids who like jumping in balls,Like my son.", 4.0
"This ball pit would not stay inflated.  It deflated the first day we got it. It would not keep air in it no matter how many times we pumped it up. The seems ripped in many places. This would have been a great product if it were made better. Good news is that Amazon accepted my return of this product and refunded my money.", 5.0
"I give this ball pit 4 stars because my niece loves it! However, I would agree that it looks bigger than it is after you get it blown up - and you do need more balls! I bought this for my 13 month old niece - and she absolutly loves it - however after only 2 months with it - it is starting to rip at the seams in some areas - this could be due to the fact that she doesnt care to use the door on it - she just climbs over the edges. However, i gave it 4 stars because it is one of her favorite places to play - its like her little playhouse! Also great buy since I have amazon prime and didnt have to pay for shipping!!", 5.0
"I bought this for my sons one year old party. He did not want to go", 5.0
"in it but the kids age 2 to 4 loved it! He did however love the balls", 1.0
"but you need to buy at least 300 more balls to really enjoy it.", 2.0
"They definately need to include more, but for the price you cant beat it.", 5.0
"And I recommend getting an auto air pump", 4.0
"with a little nozzle. Delivery was super fast.", 1.0
"We got this at the incredibly discounted price of $4.99 and at that price, it was a GREAT deal! My six-year-old daughter loves it and plays with it almost every day. She has a couple of the full-size mermaid Barbie dolls, and thinks this playset is a perfect "home" for them. Much to my surprise, my four-year-old son likes it, too! He can't get enough of sliding "Bibble" down the slide in the "bubble" - an added bonus for us! We are very pleased with this toy and were thrilled to get it at the discounted price because I probably would not have paid the full retail price for it.", 4.0
"We got this our 3 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it. The whole thing just snaps together, which was nice. It seems very well made too. Ava's already dropped it a few times and we just snapped it right back together. She has some of the dolls that go wth it but her Polly Pockets work real well with it too. I would definitely recommend this toy", 5.0
"This playset is LARGE :) It gives the mermaids a place to hang out rather than the barbie house. It took a lil time to assemble. WELL MADE", 1.0
"My granddaughter is almost 3 and has been playing with this playset everyday for the past 2 weeks. She becomes totally engaged with her dolls and the playset. We haven't had any problems with it coming apart; don't know if were are one of the lucky ones. I would highly recommend this for anyone with a child with a great imagination", 4.0
"My daughter got this for Christmas because of her love of all things Mermaids.  While overall I like the toy, I have to wonder if they did a test with actual children before production.  The side with the slide sort of tilts down and seems unstable (and sometimes the slide falls off).  The top comes off sometimes (would have been better if it didn't rotate).  But, my daughter (4.5) and son (2.5) both enjoy it quite a bit.  My daughter had Elina, and got another mermaid, 2 merfairies and a sea pixie to complete the set (she had no other barbies).  Both Elina and Shella fit on the sides and Shella can sit at the table and have a drink with a merfairy.  I paid $30 for this at the store in November, but even at $30, I didn't mind the price (until I saw that some of you got it for $4.99!!!).  It is by far the biggest hit from Santa this year!  Despite its faults, I would buy it again", 5.0
"I only purchased this item due to the 4.99 price. I must admit when I opened the box I wanted to stuff it back in and say forget it, but that could have been due to the other 25 things I had already put together and was just tired.", 5.0
"15 minutes later my 11 year old son had it complete and my daughters 6 & 10 were having a blast.  I figured I would have to go out and buy them a couple of the mermaidia dolls to go with but that wasn't true.  Any barbie works great.", 5.0
"It came with a table, 2 chairs, one character, mirror, sink, comb, hammock, a flying flower, and a slide.  The house itself is about 2 foot tall", 2.0
"We just put the pieces together and my daughter has not stopped playing with this underwater castle. Very pretty with lots of imagination incentive. The top room can be turned around to any direction and the water slide is really cool. We are quite happy with our purchase.", 5.0
"My daughter plays with this for hours, she imagines her dolls are living in an underwater castle. She just loves it, and I enjoy listening to all of her underwater adventure stories. The downside to the playset is that it comes unassembled in about 30 small plastic parts and takes about twenty minutes to put together. A no brainer if it is $4.99", 5.0
"I ordered this car one week before Christmas and it was shipped to the wrong address.  When Christmas came and went I checked my account with Amazon found where the address was off by one number and emailed Amazon with the error with no response so I emailed them again still with no response.  Yesterday a month after the original order I received an email from Amazon stating that they were not able to deliver the car so they were refunding the money back to my credit card.  I unfortunately have a very disappointed little girl and I am without a car.  If they had checked my emails to them they could have delivered the car to my correct address.  The service with Amazon is horrible but I bet the car is great", 4.0
"This is a great programmable toy. It has turn directions on the back that you push to creat your own unique route. You can program up to four functions. And to boot, there are a series of genuine Lightning McQueen quotes. This is a great toy, but I would recommnend it for a child over 5", 5.0
"I bought this car for my 2 year old daugther since she loves the movie "Cars". The car is capable of moving on carpet and it speaks loud and clear.  My brother came over with his 5 year old son and he enjoyed playing with the car so much he wanted to take it home with him.  I must admit I enjoy playing with it too.  This is a very good buy for your kids or as a gift.", 5.0
"This is a great toy! Designed very well and tough. Does exactly what it says and is great right down to the packaging. It has two plastic release levers instead of the stupid wires!!!! It is really cute too!!", 4.0
"To be honest we really didn't have high hopes for this toy when we initially purchased it for our nephew as a birthday gift. He's 2 Y.O. and at the time it was hard to tell what he'd like most. We decided to go with this, and it was one of the presents he opened up half way through the rest. We were so surprised with how much he loved it! Every other present after, he just completely ignored and went back to this car. He loves being able to push it around and the sounds are great. They can be a little bit loud but that's fine. 4 months later and this is still his favorite car! This is a great toy and I recommend it to anyone with small children", 5.0
"We bought this while on vacation in June so my 2YO son would have soemthing to play with in the hotel room.  Actually, he didn't take to it right away but now he plays with it at least a couple of times a day -- usually when I get on the phone and people ask:  What is all of that noise!!??.", 5.0
"It is extremey durable, the batteries are long lasting and it is very easy to operate.  We also bought my son the matchbox size of this car and he loves to play with them together like they are mommy or daddy and baby cars...cute!", 4.0
"All in all a great purchase that has held up very well", 4.0
"This was a gift for my son. After only a few minutes from opening it he manually pushed the car just a short distance (as most kids do with car toys) and it now suffers from inoperable clicking noise.  The programmable features, talking, mouth, etc still working but the clicking noise kills the batteries and is very loud.  It now frightens him instead of giving him enjoyment.  What a shame..", 5.0
"Villa Paletti is a classic game that will never go out of style. It teaches you the basics of physics, tests your nerves and can be enjoyed by young or old. Most of the people with whom I've played are over 40 and we enjoy this game", 5.0
"I ordered this (actually cheaper at Drugstore.com!) for my preteen and teen children to play.  There wasn't much interest on Christmas morning between all the other gifts, but once the novelty wore off from all the high tech gifts a few days later,  I challenged the kids to a game.  It's a lot of fun and is different because you can't really sit around a table to play.  Everybody is up on their feet looking at the tower from all angles to move their column.  I was the loser 3 times in a row, and I didn't do it intentionally like a parent would for younger children!  It was a lot of fun, and for parents with younger children it would be pretty educational to teach balance and physics principals.  Guess I had better get a grasp on them myself", 5.0
"We played Villa Paletti as a family when I visited them in Canada for Thanksgiving.  What a great game!  It has the coolest colors and neatest shapes.  Everyone was standing moving around the table with lots of laughter.  The best part was beating my husband, tee hee.  Villa Palett Rocks!!", 4.0
"THis game spanks Jenga.  Much deeper strategy in which pieces you move when and where to place them once you do.  This game even has a mess up the ohter players component.  This is truly a wonderful game that can be dumbed down for younger kids if needs be.  Great buy anywhere you can get it", 5.0
"Villa Paletti was so much fun, it made sense it was picked by the san francisco chronicle as the best game for Christmas 2004.  It's like Jenga on a runners high, you feel great playing it, even though sometimes you have to catch your breath after removing a column.  We had a good mixture of ages and all enjoyed it", 5.0
"My 3 year old has recently become interested in puzzles and this one is perfect for her.  Currently, its just a step too advanced, which makes for good mommie-and-me time as I help her with it.  She'll grow into it soon enough.  The pieces are very large and sturdy, the color is great and the picture very interesting.  After it is assembled, my kid loves to count the various bugs and name them.  Its a great learning tool on many levels.  It also has a unique shape which adds interest", 5.0
"I got several large puzzles to try and interest my niece and nephew in something other than dinosaurs.  This one was a big hit because we were able to find some bugs they had already seen.  Then we counted them all, named as many as they could, and then went outside to see if we could find any like those in the puzzle.  The puzzle is very wide when all together, and the colors are terrific", 5.0
"This puzzle is perfect learning tool.Its not boring and your child will love it", 5.0
"I got this puzzle for my daughter for her third birthday and she just loves the bright colors and the vivid images of the bugs and flowers. The first time it was completed she was so amazed by how pretty it looked and insisted on using it as a napping pad! Each piece is distinct enough to tell apart, and the adjacent pieces usually share some common feature (such as a bright-colored pedal or a wing of a dragonfly), so that even though she is challenged, she can complete it by herself after some time. In that sense the puzzle is great for fostering patience and building confidence. It's been two months and she still plays with it. Recently I brought it to my office and now we can both have our "quiet time" when she visits", 5.0
"We played Catch Phrase on New Year's Eve and laughed until we cried! It was an hilarious game.  However, you could sure tell we were all middle aged and older as we all had to use bifocals to read the tiny writing used by the manufacturer of this game!  I've never played the second edition or used the card version of the game, but perhaps they all have this fault.  With all the difficulty reading the clues, we still had a marvelous time", 5.0
"Catchphrase is a game that was played at our family gathering.  There were all ages playing - with a great deal of hilarity and fun.  This game is well worth adding to your stash for any gathering", 5.0
"Catch Phrase is alot of fun.  We played it with a large group of kids and adults over the holidays.  Would highly recommend it.", 1.0
"Great service, great product.  Recieved in a timely matter, and in great condition", 5.0
"This is a good game, even if people are not too focused or are slghtly inebriated.  I have played both the card version and the electronic version.  Both are fine, but I prefer the electronic version.  It is self-contained in one unit, the words are larger and easier to read.  The card version words are tiny and can be hard to read, even with the magnifying lense", 5.0
"Every family and friend get together, we play Catch Phrase.  It livens up the party, because it's such a fast-paced game.  It's also very simple to understand how to play so you don't have to spend so much time reading directions and explaining then as well.  We have so much fun and many laughs playing this game.  We've had it for many years and continue to play it every time we get together", 4.0
"Hey -- I've never played this 'card-based' version, but I've played the electronic version many, many times. It's just one gadget that displays the word and is the timer. You pass the gadget when your team guesses correctly. the team who is left holding the gadget when the timer goes loses. It even keeps track of the score.", 1.0
"For those of you who have exhausted the cards and don't want to keep buying more might find the electronic version to your liking. (Just search 'catch phrase' here on Amazon).", 1.0
"Regardless, this game is alot of fun and really easy to teach new players how to play.", 4.0
"Whether old or young, cold or hot ouside, sober or intoxicated, day time or night time, if you have 3 or more people together, than you have instant fun with this game.  This version with the paper card that rotates through the push button clue device has got to be the most durable thing ever created. When this game gets going, people get to hitting, punching, and tossing this as fast as they can. Once you start this game, you can't stop.  Well worth the investment, you will get your money's worth.  Enjo", 5.0
"My daughter got this doll for her first Christmas when she was [...]  She is [...] now and still sleeps with "baby" every night.  All 3 of my nieces also have this doll and loved it as well.  It's a nice size, slightly smaller than most, and has a soft body.  My daughter doesn't like to have clothes on her dolls, so my complaint is that the soft body is (was) white.  It's filthy.  I have machine washed it 2X, though I don't recommend.  It's hard to get completely dry, and the material at the connections has weakened and has had to be sewn.  The body shape has turned into a "pear," but my daughter doesn't seem to mind.  The good baby powder smell is still there.  Worth the cost", 5.0
"Great product.  Well-made, with nylon trim around the edges to cover the gap between the bungee cord and frame.  Product delivered on time, with an e-mail notification of delivery date.  Assembly a bit tough for one person, but completed easily with a second set of hands!  Directions stated the same, and they are correct.  Your kids will certainly enjoy it!", 4.0
"I am very pleased with this toy.  It is very sturdy and quite easy to assemble.  I also would like to mention that even though the weight limit is for under 70 pounds, my older child has played on it and did no damage.", 5.0
"One downfall, the pad that goes around the edge has velcro closures.  these come unfastened when the trampoline is in use.", 4.0
"This product is a wonderful way to give your kids indoor exercise without taking up too much space. My twin daughters love to jump and be silly on this. Assembly can be tricky if doing it by yourself, but is not too difficult. Product is sturdy and attractive looking.", 5.0
" Helped my son learn the alphabet in a fun way and the quality is good", 1.0
"I ordered 2 puzzles for Christmas presents on Dec 10.  They decide to cancel the order on Dec 19th.  Thanks.  That means I need to do more shopping with less than 1 week before Christmas.", 1.0
"My 4 year old still likes to put this puzzle together even though he has been able to do it for awhile now. We have had it several years and it is still in excellent shape. Fun, educational and very well made", 4.0
"My 2 year old loves this puzzle.  It is durable enough for a toddler - it has been a month and none of the pieces has shown any signs of wear-n-tear.  Putting it together with your child is quality time well spent.  It took about a week for my child to assemble this all by herself - and I was very proud when I saw it the first time.", 5.0
"The pictures are plain, not cute, but good enough for my child to recognize what they reference.  Due to the length of the puzzle (assembled in one big line), you'll need a lot of space if you want to assemble it as a train - need about 10 ft of space.", 4.0
"Overall, I would recommend this as the 1st puzzle for a toddler.", 5.0
"My 3 year old absolutely LOVES making this puzzle, with my help.  I give her about 5 pieces at a time, and she sings the song, and gets the right pieces... every time we make it she gets better and better at being able to name the letters, and their sounds, and the pictures.  Now she can almost make the puzzle by herself, and delights in doing so.  The pieces are sturdy; the pictures are bright and engaging.  I love it's size, because it makes the puzzle fun and there's no doubt as to which piece she's pointing to when she names a letter", 5.0
"Our son starting playing with this puzzel at 2 1/2 years and he's 3 now and still loves building the "alphabet train".  He loves trains and saying the alphabet, so this is a really fun activity for him and the whole family.  Each time he picks the correct letter to attach on the train, he shouts "chugga chugga choo choo!" with a huge, proud smile.", 5.0
"My three-year-old loves trains and puzzles. This is the best combination - he can put together a puzzle and play with a train all while learning the alphabet", 4.0
"My son loves puzzles in general but, he really likes this one for the alphabet. Each letter represents an Animal that starts with the letter. It helps him identify the animal as well as the letter. The puzzle just goes in a big straight line, so its very easy for the youngest of toddlers.", 4.0
"Quality isn't too bad.  All holes lined up.  Materials are solid.  A couple of small issues keeping this from being 5 stars.  1) Amazon is incorrect in their description, there is no vinyl seat.  Just the metal, see the picture. 2) the red paint was missed on a couple of spots and has started flaking right out of the box.", 5.0
"Took about 30 minutes to set up for one person, half that if I had a helper.  Compared to the plastic cars and trucks this one is a winner.  By the way I picked this up on an amazon sale day, got it for fifty something with free shipping.  Given that this is a 35lb it's a bargain.", 5.0
"Cheer", 5.0
"I bought this game to play with my husband on our couple's game night.  It is not as challenging as I thought it would be.  We have guessed the code within 7 or 8 tries every time we've played.  Nevertheless, we have fun playing it and it's a great change from some of the other games we play", 5.0
"This is a truly excellent game for two people. I have taken it camping all over Europe...it's perfect for playing in a tent on a rainy day. Takes skill and does not pit players against each other in cut throat competition.", 5.0
"I've had the original Mastermind for about 30 years, and it's a great way to hone logic skills.  My 5-year-old recently got Mastermind for Kids as a gift, and I was disappointed.  I guess it's "cute" to make the game look like a bowl of Lucky Charms or something, but in the kids' version there are NO PEGS - the pieces get scattered everywhere, ruining the game, with one false move.  Tedious and very frustrating, especially for little ones.  The kids' version is a bit simpler as it allows for only three combinations, not four like the original; BUT you can just as easily decide to do the same with the original version anyway.  GET THE ORIGINAL, IT's GREAT", 5.0
"This toy is enjoyable for everyone young and old. Your kids won't even notice that they are learning valuable logic and reasoning skills", 5.0
"This game has such a wide range of age appropriateness.  I started playing it against my parents when I was in my early teens, and we loved it.  My younger sister, probably seven or so, was jealous of how much we loved the game and taught herself the rules through observation.  Soon she was able to beat the rest of us at our own game!  If someone is interested in the kind of logic and systematic deductive approach required to play Mastermind, it can be enjoying by someone of any age.", 1.0
"I would recommend this game for people who have grown out of simpler games such as Connect Four.", 4.0
"This is a great game for grandparents to play with younger people, because the older person doesn't have to "dumb down" their technique to play a kids game.  It exercises your brain without having any overt educational tone.  Everyone can benefit from some good Mastermind strategy practice", 5.0
"This game will put your noodle to work big time. Plus it is a lot of fun and challenging. You will need to use your logic and deductive reasoning to the max.", 5.0
"The object of the game is to guess a secret code consisting of a series of 4 colored pegs, which will remain hidden behind a shield. The codebreaker has to duplicate the exact colors and positions of the secret code. Each guess results in feedback narrowing down the possibilities of the code. The winner is the player who solves his opponent's secret code with fewer guesses.", 1.0
"I have been playing this game for years. It still is one of my favorites. I am a game collector and got hold of ADVANCED MASTERMIND. To bad it is so hard to find. In the advanced version the color code is made of a sequence of five colors instead of four. Plus there are eight different colors to choose from, nine if you use vacant holes as a color. This raises the possible combinations from 2,000 in the classic game to around 60,000 possible combinations! Yet really advanced players should break the code in four to six guesses. You get a maximum of 12 guesses instead of the ten in the classic game. If you find this version you will love it and wonder why it's so hard to get.", 5.0
"The only bad thing about Mastermind would be the time it takes some players to make a guess. We resolved the problem using a chess player's clock. We give anything between 6 to 12 minutes for the codebreaker, obviously stopping the clock when the codemaker places the feedback pegs. If you run out of time you get zero points.", 4.0
"This game is for people who love to think. It is awesome for kids, and will help them develop their logic skills. Do have in mind that you will need to place the pegs in bags or they will get lost. Have fun!", 5.0
"My grand daughter loved this item.  I had not seen it anywhere else except on Amazon.  She received many gifts for her birthday, but since she loves to sing, that was the one she loved the best.  I loved that I was able to find something that no one else had in their stores and I became her favorite grand mother for the day.", 4.0
"Sincerely,", 4.0
"Barbar", 5.0
"This doll is the coolest and the prettiest of the entire collection.I agree with you 50%Chelsea50%Yasmin,Chelsea and Yasmin rock.They are always the most stunning.Hey 50%Chelsea50%yasmin,wanna be my friend.I'd really like that.You seem like a really cool girl.And would you please tell me how I can be your friend!", 4.0
"I have this doll and she is a Very, VERY good Yasmin! Her hair is very soft and smooth, and you have to admit the sunglasses and cell phone are pretty cool. She comes with her own Mic and Stand!! Her earrings are cool, too, although they're really stiff.", 5.0
"I love this toy,my dad brought it for me and i think its so cute.SO allyou oter bratz haters get real.BRATZ are in BARBIE is OUT", 1.0
"I have all the Rock Angelz dolls on my wish list.I`ve already got Jade and the songs in the mini CD are "So Good" and "Lookin`Good".I know that all the Rock Angelz dolls comes with the song "So Good" and another song from the Bratz Rock Angelz music CD.", 4.0
"Whitch song does Yasmin have?", 5.0
"SARA SIBLINI!!!", 4.0
"MY SCENE LOVER!!!", 1.0
"BRATZ LOVER!!!", 1.0
"*FOREVER", 4.0
"I love this yasmin doll so much. She was the 4th rock angelz i got (cloe 1st jade 2nd roxxi 3rd yasmin 4th n sasha 5th) When i bought her i couldnt wait to take her out the box.", 4.0
"When i got home and took yasmin out she was more beautiful than she was in the box. Her hair was a bit frizzy but i ran my straigtners over it (lol) and her hair was fine. Yasmin came in flairy jeans a rock angels T and a rockish leather jacket", 4.0
"She came with a collectible guitar, stand, microphone and stand, rock angel concert t, belly button piercing and tatto and a CD.", 5.0
"Yasmin is a greta doll and i would reccomend any one to buy her", 1.0
"Peace", 4.0
"Emma xxxxxx", 5.0
"First, I confess: I'm an adult and I love playing with Legos.  Thus this ship was something of a disappointment.  As other reviewers noted, it's very unstable; the hull wants to keep collapsing as you build on it.  The dragon figurehead will fall off if you breathe on it.  Since the set SEEMS to be designed to be played with -- i.e., fire the catapult, move the sea serpent, etc. -- I would think a child would be very disappointed in this as a toy. You can't play with it or even touch it.  So it's reasonably fun to build but that's it -- it's definitely under par given Lego's usual attention to such details", 5.0
"My son and I had a great time building this beautiful ship, but shame on Lego for not putting a dislaimer on the box, "Not for Play, Only for Show!"  You can't breath on this thing without the hull falling apart.  You expect small pieces to fall off, but the backbone structure?.  I will start tomorrow on some modifications (glue anyone) to make this thing an actual toy for a 7 year old with a great imagination.  By the way, whatever happened to making your own designs with generic bricks", 5.0
"My 7 year old had a great time putting the ship together, but I have to agree with the other reviewer who mentioned the durability factor.  Once the ship is together it needs to stay in one spot or it will fall apart.  Quite frustrating for my guys who wanted to 'play' with it after it was built.  Looks good up on the shelf though..", 4.0
"My 5 year old bought this toy with his birthday money.  The figures are great and the weapon and dragon are awesome, however, the ship will not stay together.  Every time my son plays with it, we have to rebuild it, making it not so much fun for any of us.  It probably is fine for an older child who can fix the ship on their own, but if you have a younger child you may want to pass on this one", 5.0
"I'm an adult.  I like LEGO sets, especially Star Wars LEGO.  I admit it!  Now that I got that out in the open, I must say that the LEGO Viking series has become my second favorite LEGO line.  The dragons, the ships, the little Viking minifigs - all amazing.", 5.0
"If you like LEGO sets too, or have a child who does, you or he or she will love this Viking ship.  I also recommend the Viking Fortress and the Viking catapult set.", 5.0
"My 6 year old loves underwater animals and this beautiful puzzles captures them all. Both my 6 and 4 year old have been making this puzzle for a year and they love making it over and over. It has nice big, strong pieces that won't bend easily.", 5.0
"I purchased this puzzle, along with the similar Rain Forest puzzle, for my 4-year old daughter's birthday.", 5.0
"My purchase was based on other favorable reviews and my previous experience with Melissa & Doug products. I was not disappointed, and neither was my daughter.", 5.0
"The pieces are large, bright and not terribly complex. My daughter needed quite a bit of help due to the complex image, but that's not a bad thing. I got to teach her patience, plus watch her work a complex problem and learn spatial thinking skills. And, since since she loves animals, I can tell she won't get tired of the puzzle(s) for quite some time. Even after she can do it herself, the chance remains to teach about the interesting/uncommon animals depicted.", 4.0
"One small issue -- probably just for me -- is what I expected the pieces to be made of. All my other M&D purchases have been solid wood items for my 2-year old. For some reason, I assumed these would be too. Instead, they are cardboard, albeit good solid material. I made the mistake of starting out on the floor, and then worrying about pieces getting stepped on and snapped.", 5.0
"All in all, this and the aforementioned Rain Forest puzzle, are of the same high caliber as I've come to trust from Melissa & Doug. I'll be buying their remaining similar puzzles", 4.0
"I was surprised at the quality of this puzzle.  It was a little too hard for my young niece and nephew, but with help, they got it together.  It was just beautiful, and they asked a lot of questions about the premise, i.e., from sea surface animals to those way down in the deeps.  We had fun counting all of the different animals, and imagining how they lived.  Sparked some lively discussion.  Make sure to have adequate space though, as this is really BIG when completed", 5.0
"My two girls (aged 4.5 and 3) love puzzles. They have different likes and dislikes so we have in our house "my puzzles" and "your puzzles." But this one is the first "our puzzle." It is challenging enough that both girls have to work together -- one on the tropical fish and the other on the dolphins, for example -- and what a joy when the patches would come together. The different areas on the puzzle would take on a different hue of blue (as the ocean goes deeper the color darkens, of course), so that the girls can sort out the pieces and start different "foci" on the floor. Therefore this puzzle really helps them learn multi-tasking, organization, and team work. It is definitely a step forward from the 24-piece or 50-piece sets, while still remaining manageable for preschoolers. My only minor, minor complaint is that one stretch of the puzzle (the sperm whale area) is dark, a bit simplistic in design, and somehow not preferred by either of the girls -- so I would always be assigned to complete that portion; just a little warning that you may find yourself putting together a giant sperm whale a couple of times a day. The bonus -- a chart that teaches the children names of all the sea creatures on the puzzle", 5.0
"My 3 year old daughter loves this doll! It's true that you can't play with the hair or change her but you don't have to do that to have fun with it. It lights up and plays a cute little number so it's great at night. What kid doesn't like lights and music?!? Plus it pretty.", 1.0
"I find it rather stupid that the dress is permanently fixed to the doll, but the shoes come off. I got this for my dd's 2nd bday because she loves Cinderella. Her feet look really dorky lighting up with no shoes on, but those had to be put up. Either way, my dd plays with it for the 30 seconds she plays with all of her other toys, so it was a good buy. Its also very beautiful. :-", 4.0
"Our 3+ toddler LOVES Cinderella, so this was under the tree this past Christmas.  Though the fancy shoes fell off immediately (I hid them since they pose a choking hazard to our 2 year old) the doll has withstood the tough toddler test of time since December.   Press the small button on her back, and the dress will sparkle and light up while playing the song, A DREAM IS A WISH YOUR HEART MAKES" (quite LOUDLY I must add)!    The doll is a beautiful likeness of the beloved Disney princess, but her hair is so stiff it doesn't welcome children to play with it, the dress does not come off, another NO-NO with little ones, and since the wand is a pointy piece of plastic, it went the way of the shoes to avoid a poking and/or choking hazard.   Though the box states for ages 3 and up, I'd recommend this one more for 5+ and even more so for the doll collector since the dress is so unique and well made.   It comes in a pretty box too.  Overall a really nice doll", 5.0
"Cute doll - the only complaint is that her wand doesn't stay on her hand and I always find it on the floor! Otherwise - my daughter loves it", 5.0
"My daughter loves this toy. She cant stop playing with it. it was worth the money", 5.0
"My 4 year old daughter is a huge princess fan, and loves Cinderella.  So when we got the full size carriage, we got the Twinkle Lights Cinderella Doll too.  But she's not very popular with my daughter, because you can't change her clothes.  Since her dress is wired to light up and twinkle when you press a button, it has to stay on her.    So if your child is like mine and loves to change her dolls' outfits, this doll won't be played with too much", 5.0
"Durable and beautiful doll that is great fun!  My daughter (almost 4yr old) loves to dress, undress, redress, light up, and role-play with the doll along with a movie or just playing with her other dolls.  Having the ability to dress the doll by herself with ease is a bonus for me.  I love the look of this doll and she has been quite durable. Even her hair - that has been plastered into position - is keeping is place even after a couple months of play.  I'm impressed.", 1.0
"- Heather", 5.0
"http://www.marykay.com/hbresse", 5.0
"Having a light up Cinderella is great! My 4 yr old daughter sleeps with her next to her bed every night. She shows everyone that visits how she lights up and plays music. I wish they had something this cool when I was a kid. The only down fall is that the wand broke easily", 4.0
"hello,i am typing about this beautiful doll.i LOVE her!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!the only thing is:you can't brush her hair.", 5.0
"she is GREAT!her music is cool,and she has a blue,sparkly wand!buy it RIGHT NOW", 2.0
"My daughters' eyes lit up like the night sky when she saw this doll. She thinks it's magical. It is as well made as any barbie doll and the dress and shoes light up in little twinkle lights. It is very cute", 4.0
"This tent is adorable!  Its great for anywhere not just the beach!  Its great when your at the park or picnic and need to have a little privacy to change baby without having to tote them back to the car, or when you want to put baby down for a nap but keep them close at the same time.  Has velcro closure door instead of a zipper so you do have to keep an eye out if your baby is big enough to push on the door.  Very light, easy assembly and comes with a storage bag.  All in all, very handy item for under $20", 4.0
"Santa gave this to our 6 year old daughter this Christmas. She loves it! She's glittery and lights up in pretty colors. The doll's singing can be annoying after the billionth time but most toys are like that. For the price and enjoyment my daughter got from this, I am more than happy", 4.0
"The commericial for this doll shows her swimming in water.  Now I wasn't crazy enough to believe that it could actually swim, but I did think the doll could be placed in water.  NOT!!111  My daughter was very disappointed that she couldn't play with it in the bath tub.  Also the dolls singing is annoying, you can't understand what she's saying", 5.0
"This was a gift for our 3 year old and our 1 and 2 year old are enjoying it just as much.  They love taking it in the bath tub and turning the lights off in the bathroom.  She also received the chariot and unfortunately, that hasn't been such a hit", 4.0
"It is really wonderful for any girl to have Princess Ariel, from the Little Mermaid, to play with. But, it is really AMAZING to listen to Ariel's sweet voice and to see the changing lights that come from her tail! This doll is really perfect! Your child will immediately fall in love with it!", 4.0
"I purchased the Melissa and Doug folding stable for my daughter on her 8th birthday although I had reservations because the age range for it says 3-8.  I was concerned she would grow out of it too fast even though she had insisted she wanted a stable for her set of horses.  I needn't have worried; she absolutely adores it and plays with it a lot.  Even if she loses interest in a year or two it is such high quality workmanship and such beautiful wood that I consider it a collector's item and to be kept for future generations.    For anyone with a horse lover in the family this is the stable to get.  Even the fencing that comes with it is exquisitely made!", 4.0
"My husband and I ordered the horse stable for our four year old grandaughter's Christmas gift....She was thrilled to find that Santa had left it under our tree with Breyer horses in it's corale when she came to visit Christmas morning....", 5.0
"There are several reasons why we chose this stable over the others advertised on the internet and in stores....The folding capability is an important feature since her parents can fold it and put it away when the limited space in their home is needed for other purposes....It also means that she can bring it to her grandparents house easily when she comes to stay with us.", 4.0
"The natural wood look and sturdy construction of the stable will allow it to be used through several children and still let it become an "heirloom" with which the children have had years of fun with their play horses...", 4.0
"The size of the stable is perfect for both the Breyer horse collections and for the "My Little Pony" series as well....Our grandaughter loves them both and has been playing with here horses and their new stable about 8 hrs. a day since she discovered this Santa gift with a squeal of delight!", 5.0
"We are very please with our purchase of this stable and would recommend this product and company to others looking for this sort of toy.", 5.0
"Grandparents (Santa) in New Mexic", 2.0
"We gave our 3 yr. old granddaughter this barn for Christmas. She already LOVES horses as her daddy takes her with him to the track or barns to check on his race horses. I own a riding horse,also, whom she adores. When she opened this gift, she and our other granddaughter,who is 2 1/2, just went "bonkers". We had to remove the barn from the scene because they wouldn't look at anything else! They also were fighting over it! We gave our 2 1/2 granddaughter another barn since she loves animals of all types, but THIS BARN was definitely the "Big Hit"! It is really beautifully made, large enough for the model horses of all sizes, and will last for many years", 5.0
"We got this for my daughter for Christmas - she really likes it. It is very compact and is able to keep her entertained playing with her horses.  I really like the fact that the fence is connected on itself - so I'm not left helping put the fence together all the time.  Great product!", 5.0
"The quality of this item was better than I ever expected.  My daughter loves it.  Only one minor issue but could have been major.  The box comes with giant labelling of what is in the box.  All other items ordered through this vendor had the same great quality. I will order again from them!", 4.0
"We got this for our 6 y/o daughter for Christmas, along with the small horses (that are really too small for the barn).  She played with it most of Christmas day and has played with it a couple of times a week since then.  We have real horses but this allows her to pretend and use her imagination, and give them the personalities she wants them to have.  I would highly recommend this product, as it is well constructed and easy to fold up, also.", 4.0
"I was shocked at how big this Horse Stable is! I had to run out and buy bigger horses! I bought the Melissa and Doug horses - 12 in a wooden box and after seeing the stable I thought those horses are way too small! Now we will have a family of horses for the stable. The Quality of the Stable is excellent! Worth every penny! Is it not cheap or flimsy. I can't say enought good things. And the Seller was excellent! I ordered it a the last minute as a Christmas gift and they got it here in record time!!!!!", 5.0
"I bought this for my horse crazy 4-year old two years ago and we still get lots of use out of it.  Very durable as I have walked in to kids standing on it on numerous occasions and it takes everything my now 6-year old daughter dishes out as well as my VERY rough and tumble 3-year old son.  Seems like the price has gone up, but I think it's worth the expense.  I think this won't have any trouble being an "heirloom" toy for years to come", 4.0
"the stable was easy to put together and my 11 year old has enjoyed it immensly. she loved that she can access it from all angles and it is light enough she can move it from room to room", 2.0
"My 8 year old horse crazy daughter got this barn from Santa for Christmas. Unfortunately, it arrived from the &quot;North Pole&quot; in a huge box on my front porch clearly labelled in large letters on all sides as to the contents and she is a good reader. Also the glue from the labels is impossible to remove and the barn has a habit of flying open when you try to carry it spilling horses and gates out everywhere because there is no latch to keep it folded. Despite these concerns, my daughter LOVES it and I've barely seen her since Christmas because she's had her head stuck in the barn caring for all her horses in her own happy little world.", 5.0
"These little dolls are so much fun. My daughter loves them. We still have my 20 year olds original Polly Pockets. My 6 year old loves them too!! Polly is here to stay!!!!!!!!!", 2.0
"I love this toy! Polly's hair is very pretty! But here's the weird thing: insted of a rabbit, I got a dog! My favorite part of the set was the outfits. They look perfect on the doll you get! I hope you like my review~Libb", 5.0
"My cousins daughter 3 yrs old loved this Dora the Explorer.  Lots of fun playing with it", 4.0
"My [...] son is a Dora/Diego freak and he got this for Christmas.  He loves it!  We also got the little expansion set that has Dora and Boots in bathing suits and a couple other beach things (a crab, sandcastle, sand slide).  I just wish they made more parts that can go with this.  They make a lot of pieces for the Dora's talking house and stuff but those figurines are bigger than these.  And there are a couple little sets that will go with this (like the beach one I got) but they all have Dora and Boots again... I want other characters like Diego, Tico, Benny, etc.  Although, I did see the schoolhouse which I will probably order now.  But they still need more compatible pieces", 5.0
"I was a little leery of assembly for this playset after reading the reviews on here, but my husband put it together by himself in about half an hour (the two tunnel pieces were already put together) with no problem. We bought it secondhand off of craigslist, and I would say the only wear on it is scratches on the slide from shoes/gravel, but that's to be expected. Our 21-month-old loves it, and our 6-month-old will love it eventually, and both of them will be able to play on it. This is a great substitute for the park when my younger son is napping and the older one is bored to tears. It's light enough to move it around while mowing the grass but sturdy enough to stay in place when a toddler is bouncing around on it. Money well spent", 5.0
"This climber is awesome, the kids love it, not only mine but all of the neighborhood ones too.  My 1 year old was climbing through the tunnel before we even put it on the tower.  The only glitch was putting together.  4 grown men were trying to get these walls to get together.  They just kept coming apart.  We took it back, rather than spend 3 hours and use a screwdriver, like some of the previous reviewers.  We also spoke to Little Tikes.  They suggested taking it back, as the notches and holes just would not stay together.  If it is difficult, take it back, the new one went together with no trouble!  A one man/woman job if the pieces are not messed up like our first one was", 2.0
"I decided to get the Slide and Hide Tower because it was $100 off at our local Toysrus... It came in a really big box and we had to take it out of the box in order to get it into the back of the truck with a topper on it.  I put it together by myself in about 3 hours.  It was really difficult to get the first to walls together, however, they came together nicely after a few squirts of cooking spray.  I had some problems with the arch piece that goes over the slide and did have to have somebody else do that part.  Even he had difficulties getting it to pop down.  I am not sure that it will stay.  We will see.  Other than that, I had to drag it from our front yard (where I set it up) to the back yard (where outside play things go) and it stayed together just fine.  It looks nice when set up.  The colors blend in well with the back yard.  My son is afraid of the tunnel and would not crawl through it (hope he will come around) and since it has slots instead of and actually ladder to climb up he has some problems with that.  The big slide is really cool and works a lot better than our stand alone slide, in that he actually slides down really fast and flies off the bottom.  So far we are thrilled.  I have never been disappointed by Little Tikes.", 4.0
"I had bought this climber for my daughter before reading the posts about how hard it is to put together.  I am glad I did as this has been a great toy and went together pretty smoothly.", 5.0
"The only parts that were in ANY way difficult to put together were putting the slides in place (especially the longer one), and the header over the longer slide.  Otherwise, this was NO problem.  Of all the toys I've put together this would fall into the easiest 1/4th and the kids LOVE it.", 5.0
"Also, the toy held up just fine with over 400lbs on it (my brother-in-law and myself).  I don't know how people can be concerned over its sturdiness as the limits are pretty clear on the deck.  100lb limit per child, limit 6 children... 600lbs total!!", 5.0
"I put this together with my kids aunt in 30 minutes. To get started was hard but once we got the first two pieces together it was easy and my kids said , "Wooo" when they say it and started climbing and sliding. The color is nice too  This was so worth the money.", 5.0
"This is the worst climb on ever made.  It was a xmas gift for my kids needless to say it was not put up in the morning.  We had 3 adults and it would not stay together each time a different spot would pop out.  We took it back to toys r us and they had to use a huge mallet and bang on it to put in in the right spot.  Well then the gardner came and the whole thing fell apart and that is how it is now.  It is going back to toys r us tonight.  This is the worst piece of junk, please dont waste  your money.  The kangaroo climber is awsome and didnt fall apart once!  Forget this one they need to take it off the market", 4.0
"We got this on sale last Spring and it has been a wonderful purchase.  Our son is two and loves to climb through the tunnel and go down the big slide.  It has been outdoors for almost a year and doesn't look like it.  It hasn't been damaged at all by the sun or weather.  This wasn't our first choice but it was the best deal when it went on sale.  We definitely do not regret buying this climber", 4.0
"This climber isn't the one I initially wanted to buy, but after visiting three different Toys R Us Stores and not finding the one I wanted, I "settled" for this one, and I am so glad I did.  The assembly really isn't so bad if you do like the instructions suggest and use liquid dish soap.  I probably used about half a bottle of Dawn, but it made the pieces slip right together.  My husband was at work so I did it all myself, and in total it took me no more than 20 minutes.  Our two year old loves it.  The tunnel and different sized slides make for different challenges.  Plus this climber has a variety of ways to assemble it, so you can change the arrangement of the slides and tunnel.  I run a daycare center with children ages 2 - 5 and they all love it.  It even keeps the school aged kids entertained.  Little Tikes has once again proven their commitment to fun, durable toy", 4.0
"I purchased this Slide & Hide Tower for my 2 year old daughter. I just got done assembling it and I have to say one thing. I read the reviews about how hard or easy it was to put this thing togother and I was very nervous about putting it togother by myself. I am a 30 year old woman that assembled it on my back patio with my 12 year old daughter while my husband was at work and my little one was napping....using no tools. Done in less than 20 minutes! Simple! USE LOTS OF LIQUID DISHSOAP IN THE JOINTS! There is no possible way that anyone should have any issues with assembly. Feel confident when purchasing. Great quality. I cannot wait for my little one to wake up and try out her new slide", 5.0
"I love leap pad my daughter is doing work above her grade level because of these", 5.0
"My son loves Cars and is collecting each of the Matchbox type cars.  He said he wanted a Mac, so I found this one on-line.  I was extremly disappointed in the truck, especially for the price.  It is cheap plastic and the trailer doesn't not click onto the front of the truck.  Therefore, it pops right off all of the time.  It would be better if the truck was either one piece or would snap together so as not to fall apart by a slight touch.", 1.0
"Why oh WHY did they make them grow up? Now they are creepy. :'( Bring back the babies", 1.0
"Great for the price. I may buy a second. My daughter even keeps up after it putting it away properly at 4 since she likes it so much", 5.0
"I bought this for my [...] nephew and he absolutely loves it.  Keep in mind it is pretty big!  He has alot of fun with it though and that is what matters!  Nothing is better when you find a toy a child actually plays with and sticks with it!", 5.0
"This toy has been played with and miss treated, left outside and then brought in. It has held up real well. We have a 3 & 6 year old boys and they have done about very thing a child could think of and it has held up. It will take sand, dirt, mud, and rain. It still works good. We have two of them and they even crash them together", 5.0
"I love this item it was more then I expected.  I was glad to find it on the web. I get tired of looking in stores and not finding what I want, then I come home and find everything on Amazon.com.   In the future stores can close up as far as for me shopping in them. It is hard to find good boy toys that make a kid use his imagination.  I have two new little grandsons and bought each one the tonka truck and loader,  and they loved them. Come Spring we are building them each sandboxes and I can not wait to play with them (if they let me", 5.0
"The trucks (I ordered two) were a great hit with my two and five year old nephews at Christmas.  They want to play with them constantly.  I'm am positive they will provide many years of fun and will be one of the treasured toys of their boyhood as the large Tonka trucks were for my son", 5.0
"I bought 2 of these trucks for both my nephews who are 1 year old.  They both absolutely LOVE them!  These trucks are HUGE!  Large enough for the boys to sit in the back.  (supervised of course)  My 1 year old daughter also loved getting in it and being pushed around.  Very solid construction, as you would expect from Tonka, should provide years of fun!", 5.0
"My son received this truck as a gift for his second birthday.  He is a huge truck fan and was thrilled.  It is large enough for him and his 8 & 5 year old siblings to sit in.  It is also easy enough for him to maneuver around the house, even with someone sitting in it.  I love the fact that the wheels don't make any marks on the floor either.  The only con is that it is really large and hard to store indoors.  Even with that. . .a great gift for a truck loving boy", 5.0
"Hands down, the best toy for a boy.  It's tough, it's cool, and it is so much fun for my 2-year old.  He will get years of use out of this.  Still looks brand new after a year in the dirt!", 5.0
"I purchased this for my 2 year old son, it is a safe product and he just loves it!  Like many children he is fascinated by dump trucks and he plays for hours with this very durable toy.", 5.0
"The manufacture recommends this toy for children who are 3 years old, however it is safe for younger children", 4.0
"Both my boys received this for Christmas last year.  They were ages 5 and 3.  Both boys thought it was the best present they ever had. My sons sit in them and ride around.  Very sturdy and durable. Every little boy should have one of these trucks", 4.0
"The products came quickly and in brand new condition...I am very pleased with this selle", 4.0
"I can't say enough about these toys! They are so nicely made and feel great in your hands. Small enough to carry around and big enough for little hands. Great quality, sturdy and superior look. Collectors are buying these up like hot cakes and ebay is living proof that people are willing to shell out the cash for these. Especially for the ones that are harder to find.", 5.0
"People have written reviews on these that no stores carry them. They have been sold out because there has been a rush on these toys even before the movie release. Hopefully as time goes on and if they keep producing them they will be easier to come by. That's what I am hoping for. I don't have all the characters yet and would like at least one of each for my son, maybe even more for collecting.", 5.0
"Good luck on your search!", 5.0
"I purchased this for my 6 year old son.  He loves it!  He starts running around like a ninja when he has it on.  He always wants to wear when Naruto is on", 1.0
"i bought it a my twelve year old brother, and he loves it . the band itself is cloth and the gray art is plastic . it has some black swishy thing on the back too. all in all i think it was a good buy. i know for a fact that he loves it, he refuses to take it off", 5.0
"I buy this ninja head leaf beacuse i'm a big fan of naruto and i wanna look like naruto, and this product is really good, it's almos the original naruto head leaf but it's made of plastic that's the only difference, i reccomend this to you if you wanna buy. Sorry For The Bad Englis", 5.0
"My kids love the Naruto show and so do I. They like wearing the headbands around the house and outside..It is small enough for their heads and not as cumbersom as the real metal headband", 5.0
"This product is good for children. Although it is plastic, it is still durable enough for my 8 year old boy and my 10 year old daughter, who are both Naruto fans -- I am using this as part of their halloween costumes.", 4.0
"I bought this jeep for my 3 year old daughter's birthday.  We are seeing the same problem as another reviewer - that she is not heavy enough to weigh it down and the wheels spin even on small hills.  Also, it seems to jerk her when she first hits the "gas" pedal.  However, when her 3 year old cousin is in the jeep with her - (totaling about 60-63 lbs.) it seems to ride a lot better.  I suppose weighing it down with something until she gets bigger would help.  As for the battery problem - ours is fine so far.  She has ridden her jeep for maybe two hours total so far, and I have not recharged the battery yet.  Maybe the first reviewer had one that was defective or something.  All in all, this toy may be a little old for a three year old (at least mine), but I think she will grow into it.  I will update about the battery soon", 4.0
"Ever since our grand daughter took this out of the box; she has not been able to keep her hands off of it.  She drives her little brother around and they play the music together.  Overall, I would say that this was a great buy for my grand child.  And a good way to get back at my daughter (wink wink)", 5.0
"I purchased this item with reasonable expectations. I wanted it to move forward and backward and be able to drive along my blacktop driveway and maybe even my grass a little. It barely moves. My daughter is an average size 3 year old so she is not weighting it down. Its main issue is the battery. It takes 18-30 hours to charge - that's a minimum of a day and a half, yet if you get 30 minutes of drive time you are lucky. and even then, it moves so slowly its a crawl - hardly the 2.5 MPH promised, forget 5MPH.", 4.0
"Also, the plastic is rather thin so I doubt it will hold up to any inadvertant taps.", 5.0
"Think twice about this - it might be cute but it doesn't move worth a shoot", 5.0
"This is such a wonderful toy for teaching put and take.  The birdhouse and birds are so colorful and there are lots of different textures.  There are also several holes in the birdhouse - so there are different ways to move the birds.  My daughter LOVES put and take - so I knew this would be a big hit when she got it for her 1st birthday.  And it was - she still likes to play with this toy at 19 months.  It has a carrying handle, which is good for kids who like to carry things around (as my daughter does).  This birdhouse is also great for practicing fine motor skills - pulling the birds out and putting them back in.  Opening the door and roof is excellent practice as well!  Awesome beginning learning toy", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my niece for her first birthday and she LOVED it.  The birds were a big hit and she still plays with toys many months after her birthday", 5.0
"My daughter received this for her first birthday, and she has played with it every day for months! The bright colors and interesting patterns are wonderful; the birds double as rattles and have a variety of textures; and the multiple openings into the birdhouse give her different ways to put the birds in and take them out. A big plus--it's a "no-battery-needed" toy and the only noises associated with it are the child's giggles and talk to the birds", 4.0
"My daughter is 13 months old and got this birdhouse for x-mas 3 months ago and its been a big favorite.  The little birds are so cute, she loves taking them out and putting them back in, and lining them up on the coffee table, etc., and I've found all sorts of stuff in the birdhouse, other small toys, her binky, etc.  She just loves putting things in and taking them out.  The birdhouse is also a great toy to take when going to Grandma's etc, thanks to the handle on top, just grab and go", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter's first birthday and she absolutely loves it!  In a house full of toys, she constantly reaches for this bird house over and over again.  It's bright and colorful and she'll sit for 10 minutes at a time putting the birds in and out of the house.  I've begun taking it in the car and on the go and it keeps her entertained.  This is a great gift to give too...especially for those hard-to-buy people!!", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my daughter to take to church when she was probably 8 mos. or so.  She is 18 mos. now and still likes it. It keeps her interest for a long time.  The roof opens, the door at the end opens, and she can put the birds in the hole in the top of the bouse.  The birds do make a little noise when you shake them, which is good for her to hear, but quiet enough for church.  And she loves carrying it herself!  Great toy!", 5.0
"My 14 month old still loves this toy.  She has grown into it.  Through this toy, she learned what a birdie was and loves taking the birdies out of the various openings and putting them back in.  A wonderful take out and put in toy", 2.0
"My daughter received this as a gift and I must admit I would never have selected it for her. She absolutely adores this birdhouse and can spend an hour at a time putting each bird in and taking each bird out. There are a variety of ways to do both and she tries them all. It is brightly colored and a good size with little birds that fit her little hand. Even at her crabbiest, she can be distracted with this", 5.0
"This is a fabulous toy!  My son received it at around 8 months, and still loves it as he approaches his first birthday.  We often spend an hour straight playing with it; he loves to examine each bird, to put them in, peek into the birdhouse to see what they're up to, and pull them back out.  Between the large door, the small hole and the roof that opens, there are lots of options.", 5.0
"The engineering on this is exceptional.  The fabrics are bright and stimulating.  I highly recommend this for your own child, or as a stand-by gift for any child between 6 and 24 months.", 5.0
"I owned the original Balderdash game many years ago and loved it.  I recently ordered the game on the internet and we played it the other day for the first time.  This game is a variation in that it has 5 categories where the original only had unusual words.  Quite honestly, I enjoyed the original much better than this newer version and we only played the game using the first category (unusual words) rather than all 5.  The other 2 players were new to the game and really enjoyed it", 4.0
"We played this game after dinner on Christmas day with my family and boy we found a lot of people out of their comfort zone trying to come up with "spoof" answers. You will discover right away who the "creative minds" are. Not good for those who need parameters or right and wrong answers", 1.0
"We've had a great time playing this game.  I would not recommend this for anyone under the age of 14.  The idea is to fool your opponent with complex definitions or believable ideas.  It would be tough to keep up with the adults at the table, in this respect.  Happy playing.", 4.0
"We have the most fun with this game and always get it out on holidays to play with large groups. It works well to pair a youngster with someone older. Playing in teams allows young children to help with ideas for clues and they can also help with the guessing for the right answer. We've sent it as present to two other families this Christmas.", 4.0
"Balderdash is always a lot of fun to play, and a good way to help you stretch your mind and your creative side.", 5.0
"We really enjoy playing this game. It is good for a wide range of ages and is a great mixer game.", 5.0
"I started playing Boulder Dash back in 1996 and since then it has become one of my favourite games. There is no limit to the number of players that can participate in the game. Actually the more that are playing the more fun it is. You DO NOT HAVE TO KNOW the meaning of the words to have fun. What you need is a wild imagination and good skills in bluffing. The game now includes more categories such as dates, initials and movie titles but still the word category I think is the best. If the cards that are provided in the box are finished no problem you can use scrap paper and honestly I have never used the board of the game while playing.", 4.0
"Be ready for rounds of loud laughs and why not be ready to enrich your vocabulary with words you will never use anyway!", 5.0
"Barbie is tottaly cool! I love her pink shimmery bathing suit,her sunglasses,and her suntan lotion!!!! her pink beach outfit is perfect for a fun sunny day!!!", 5.0
"bye-bye! and three more words Barbie you ROCK!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"I think Barbie looks fabulous in her hot pink beach outfit!  It is very hip and trendy.  My fave is extra little bonuses that come with the Barbie like sunscreen!  I really appreciate that Barbie is being modest by wearing a lace beach cover-up! This is a must have for a low low price", 5.0
"My 3 yr old son loves this book.  I was concerned that with him having Bob the Builder and Jay Jay that he'd not use this one, but the draw of fire engines, garbage trucks, crane, cement truck, excavator and other cool things that vroom draw him to this one like a magnet.", 1.0
"My daughter and I played with this right away and we finished it that day too!  A very good investment that was fun and educational", 4.0
"I've always believed that Wheel of Fortune was the best game show on television.  It's so addicting to tune in every night at 7:30 pm and watch people solve puzzles and win money.", 4.0
"This board game is certainly deluxe, because it's so big.  It's also the ultimate Wheel of Fortune board game.  Now you can pretend you're a contestant winning money and prizes.  I think every family should own one of these games.", 4.0
"My 4 1/2 yr old really likes this toy.  The back area, the "cargo" hold does not stay together well, the doors fall down.  If your child is easily frustrated, I wouldn't recommend it.  Otherwise, it is fun and looks really cool", 5.0
"My son got this as a gift and I am going to take it back.  Nothing fits together and the directions are so small I cannot read them even with a magnifying glass.  There is no way to contact the company either.  It is very poorly constructed and the pictures on the box are very misleading.  Do not waste you money on this piece of junk", 4.0
"I would have never bought this item if I had read the other poor reviews first.  The toy is made of very cheap looking plastic and it is much smaller than it appears on the box.  The pieces just do not fit like the box displays them (what appears to be a large command center where the transformer can slide down the wire is just a little over an index finger long). I wish I could take it back but my son has already broken a couple of the cheap pieces.  My 4-year old was so disappointed because he could not stop talking about how this would be the first toy he would play with on Christmas Day", 5.0
"This may be the biggest piece of junk I've ever purchased. None of the "features" work properly and it falls apart every time it is touched. My 4-year-old, who is a huge Power Ranger fan, was very disappointed as we couldn't even play with this toy. I hope to return this to the store tomorrow", 5.0
"This is the classic Etch A Sketch, but just a bit smaller. Amazon's listed it as an office toy. I'd have to agree with this bacause whenever you're stressed, you can challenge yourself to draw a picture of your boss. It's  a really a great deal", 5.0
"I have one of these sitting right next to me on my desk at work! I use it from time to time when I feel the need to doodle or just be silly. It's great for all ages and has always been a toy that's well-loved. I've given  some to friends as well as mini-gifts for the times when nothing is being  celebrated but they need something to cheer them up. I'd highly recommend  it", 5.0
"I purchased this item for my six year old grandson. He and I worked on putting the different projects together. A different one each night. The instructions seemed a bit difficult for him to understand on his own. It was good quality time working together on the projects and a lot of fun.", 4.0
"My grandson is 7 and he likes building things from this set.  He can do the simple ones by himself; the more complex ones we do together. I agree that younger children would be frustrated trying to do it alone", 5.0
"My 5yr old son LOVES this toy, he has always loved to build things.  But as with most educational toys a 5-6yr old needs some guidance.  This isn't the kind of toy that you just plop your kid down in front of and walk away (see "playdoh"), they'll just end up hating it.  You need to take the time to show them how it works, what they can do with it, and pretty soon they'll get the hang of it, and as a bonus you get to spend quality time with your kid. Everyone talks about quality time vs. quantity time and use it as an excuse to spend less time with their kids.  The simple truth is you cannot spend quality time without spending a SIGNIFICANT quantity of time!!", 4.0
"This item is too difficult for a six year old even though advertised for 5-8 year olds.  You cannot return the item once opened, so do not order", 4.0
"My son and I love this toy!  He will build "things" with it on his own, the pieces go together easily and in any combination he wants.  When we play together we can build more elaborate trucks.  The toy develops spacial relations as well as fine motor skills, but my son just thinks it's fun.  He received it when he turned 5 and I am back for another set as he turns 6 so his creations can get bigger", 2.0
"My 6 yr old LOVES this. He is very much into building things with blocks, legos, boxes and whatever he can. The best thing is that he can make ANYTHING, not just one thing. Dad does help him with putting it together, but it is a great activity for BOTH of them. I'm sure in time, my son won't need any help. The plastic materials are safe and sturdy. Very quality product! Very happy customers here", 5.0
"I would say that while I think 7 bucks is a bit much my son has had constant play using this and has definitally put 7 bucks worth of use into it I think. I do agree that they should be included and I also would like to find one of the lego tables although someones suggestion of fixing them to a board or something might just be an idea. My son has used them to build hotels on or even makes his own "game grid" or mazes or even maps. He is 7 and I have to say he loves this thing and I plan on maybe getting him another. I nearly forgot to add that while some people have seen durability problems we haven't. It has even been stepped on by his older sister and while it left a faded green mark it did not bend it or anything. It has been very durable for us.", 5.0
"These baseplates are important if your little one likes to build structures with Legos.  I'd recommend attaching them to a board (I wood-glued 6 of them to a board, added some molding, and put sliders underneath so I could store the board under beds or sofas) so they won't flex.", 1.0
"Otherwise, you'll definitely need to encourage your child to play with these on a table or other hard surface, and warn them that moving their constructions to another spot might result in the creations coming apart", 4.0
"What do you do with this? Oh!!! It's a stamp! put some ink on the bump that says LEGO and keep on printing it on a piece of paper with five-hundred prints saying LEGO on them!!! What fun!!", 5.0
"What can you do with 1024 green bumps?", 5.0
"1. Build something on it.", 5.0
"2. Put it on a shelf and admire it.", 1.0
"3. Test it's aerodynamics.", 5.0
"4. Paint it whatever color you want.", 4.0
"5. Put a piece of paper over it, and use the edge of a pencil to make a rubbing.  Frame the paper that now has 1024 LEGO logos.", 5.0
"6. Use it as a tray to eat your lunch on.", 5.0
"7. Trade them with friends.", 2.0
"8. Play peek-a-boo with your little brother (but don't let him touch it if he's under 3).", 2.0
"9. Balance it on your head.", 5.0
"10. Lay your face on it and fall asleep to get a really cool polka dot tattoo look.", 4.0
"11. Wave it in the air to fan yourself.", 5.0
"12. Learn to count to over 1000.", 5.0
"13. Use it as a bookmark.", 5.0
"14. Fend off a dog who wants to eat your ice-cream.", 4.0
"15. Splash water out of the tub with it.", 4.0
"16. Take it on board an airplane to use as defense against terrorists who only have plastic sporks.", 2.0
"17. Dig out of prison using it as a shovel.", 1.0
"18. Place it over your keyboard to keep dust out when you aren't using it.", 1.0
"19. Sell it on eBay in order to buy illegal substances.", 5.0
"20. Use it as a percussion instrument and start a garage band.", 5.0
"21. Find the temperature at which ABS plastic melts.", 5.0
"22. Hide the fact that you melted a hole in your desk.", 4.0
"23. Prevent the sprinkler from popping up and getting you wet when having a picnic in the park.", 4.0
"24. Use it as a backdrop when making a puppet show.", 5.0
"This is a comment in response to the completely irrelevant post from tiffkilner; perhaps she should get a life instead of attacking honest helpful reviewers on the site. It is clear that the BIG GRAY BOARD is 125 sq in. larger than the the LARGE GREEN BASEPLATE and that the previous reviewer erroneously lists as an extra 25 sq in. in extra play value. Considering that the market for this toy is aged 3 to 12 years old, pointing out such a significant error is quite valuable. I do not know of many 3 year olds that can compute the area of a basic shape so having such errors pointed out is imperative for such audiences. What is of importance is how the LARGE GREEN BASEPLATE rank in value versus the BIG GRAY BOARD -- to make an asinine remark just because you do not share the views of the commentor is truly unwarranted.", 5.0
"To the reviewer named "G-Had", it is a shame that you do not fully accredit the LARGE GREEN BASEPLATE as a full-blown toy -- merely a "part" of the toy. Such debasement of an integral and vital component of the Lego universe shows how narrow minded you are. Must I remind you that there have been other reviewers that have been able to obtain hours of replay value with just the single BIG GRAY BOARD piece alone. I concede that the versatility of the LARGE GREEN BASEPLATE is somewhat dimished by the smaller surface area and the green color. However, this piece deserves to be honored as one of the major innovations in the Lego brick system.", 2.0
"Furthermore, I suspect that you may have been posting your review of this product fraudulanetly as your review hints that you do not comprehend the basic facts of this product. Please recheck your facts and **PLAY** with the toy before posting a review. This toy is clearly 10" by 10" not 15" by 15". Your lack of knowledge of such a basic fact about the toy suggests that you have never played with this toy before let alone had the pleasure to enjoy the pure delight from playing with this piece. I deplore you to please remove your review of this product or revise your rating until you have had a chance to play with this piece. I would be interested in your honest opinion regarding this piece as well as the much-vaunted BIG GRAY BOARD **AFTER** you have played with them", 5.0
"Honestly, I found these plates a LOT cheaper in my local meijer's store, plus they were on sale to boot.  That said, you really can't do without these baseplates if your child is going to build anything with legos.  It's a bunch of fun anyway, seeing how high you can make towers, which is impossible to do without one of these.  They should include these in the sets and how about different colors too?  Gray and green get a little boring.  You really can't use those colors when you're pretending to be out in the desert with your big army tanks, now can you?  Sure wish I could find one of those big legos tables - if anyone sees one, please let me know.  They would be an even better investment over these baseplates", 5.0
"Hello my name is Alexander Marie Blah Blah and i talk crap and love this pretty doll. Iam old fashioned!!!!", 4.0
"what are you talking about??? and im talking to the girl below me... with her "girls should stay home and be wives at 15"", 1.0
"uh sorry. i dont like barbies now... i really dont have anything against them... um this doll looks cute. i wouldnt buy it though. i CAN recommend a Bratz IF YOU'RE INTO THAT KIND OF STYLE ^__", 5.0
"Every year I go on this website to see if there's a new toy that i might want for Christmas. I DEFANITLY WANT THIS DOLL!!!!", 5.0
"She's BEAUTIFUL! I'm a big fan of LeAnn. Now only if they'd make a Cher doll, hee hee! =D", 5.0
"Last year I decided to stop collecting Barbies I was very disapointed with the big headed dolls that were showing up like the Cali girl, fashion fever ect  now I see that these celebrity dolls have the regular head size I was very pleased this doll is so pretty although she doesnt have the exact likeness I still think she is OK the outfit is wonderfull and has a pretty hair Mattel please stop making bigheaded Barbies and keep  making pretty dolls like this one dont mix MYSCENE with the regular doll line", 5.0
"I received these as a gift for my son when he was still really small.  I really liked the sturdiness of the plastic...no denting no matter how enthusiastically he chewed them!  The colors were great, bright and well-combined for eye-grabbing contrast on the individual beads.  My son found a lot to do with these...snap them together, line them up, take them out of the container and put them back in again, use them in pretend play.  They were a great gift and I think just about any parent...and their child...would be happy to add these to their stock of playthings", 5.0
"My daughter received these for her 1st birthday.  She loved them immediately, and particularly enjoyed the bucket they came in.  She would fill and empty the bucket, over and over again, putting the lid on, taking it back off, trying other toys to see if they fit (your ball is too big!  But look, the block fits inside!), putting the beads into other containers... you get the picture.  She learned a lot from these beads.  Now, at 15 months, she has just started being able to snap them together, and is getting a whole new experience with them.  These are one of the first toys she pulls out of her play bin every day, and they get played with throughout the day until it's time to put the toys to bed.  While I agree that these beads are heavy, I find that they stay together without a problem (but aren't hard for her to pull apart, either).  To me, they feel like good quality toys, and you won't find them denting easily like cheaper snap-beads.  I highly recommend this toy for a toddler", 2.0
"My 3 year old loves making patterns with her snap beads. I was so excited to find these beads with the cute designs. However, I was very disappointed when they arrived. The plastic is too thick, making the beads very heavy. They do not stay together well at all. We ended up buying her some of the "original" snap beads and giving these away.", 5.0
"My daughter got this for a 1st birthday present and it worked well at that age, since she was into filling and emptying the container. Only starting at 18 months has she been able to work snapping and unsnapping the beads, which she now loves to do. A great low-tech toy for ages 1-2", 4.0
"Our daughter plays with these a lot...takes them apart and puts them together again.  I don't think these ever wear out...good learning skill...amazing how they figure things out on their own!!!  Every little one needs a set of these!!", 4.0
"Booooo. Not fun, don't waste your money on this one. Talk about disappointment. I have searched for cool tub toys for so long and thought for sure I had a winner. Nope! 1)The little clown head doesn't stay on. 2)the beach ball that you squeeze to make the water run down the slide, simply doesn't provide enough umph to get the water really going 3) the slide keeps falling off 4) the suction cups don't hold really well. I took the slide off and now we just pour water into the cup at the top and call it a day", 1.0
"I purchased this toy for my son because as a kid Tub Town was my favorite toy in the world!!  I was so excited for him to use it.  From the moment I took it out of the packaging I could see how cheaply it was made.  So cheap that even the suction cups do not suction for more then a few minutes.  The parts that attach don't fit properally and pop off!!  The plastic used is flimsy and showed stress marks before it was even used!  More then anything, the Tub Town product was a HUGE disappointment!", 5.0
"The girls loved this habitat.  They can watch bugs without worrying the bugs might get out.  Hoping the educational side will help alleviate some of their fears.  So far, so good!!!  We got the habitat in conjunction with the bug vacuum.  They LOVE the vacuum!!", 4.0
"Nothing fancy, but works as advertised. Great to watch crickets and spiders crawl around in", 5.0
"My granson loved the airport set so much I got him this one.  He loves these things and they provide hours of entertainment for him", 4.0
"This is a terrific game for all.  So much so that I got 1 for my son and his kids as well as my husband to play with the grandkids and by himself.", 4.0
"We all have fun with it.", 5.0
"This plug n play version of Golden Tee is fun if you like the original.  The graphics were not great but acceptable.  Track ball works well.  Only one 18 hole course.  I had a good time playing it but of course the original is better", 5.0
"This has been a favorite toy from age 1 and is still in use from time to time at 3+. There are multiple levels of activities, each a little more challenging than the last, so it gets rediscovered every few months. I tend not to like battery-operated toys, but this one is not offensive. The voice and music are not annoying, and it has two volume levels", 5.0
"We bought this for our son when he was about 13 months. He loved pushing the buttons (numbers) and colored animals to get the toy to talk to him. He learned his numbers from this toy! He is now 18 months, and can reliably pick any number the toy asks for or I ask for. He also knows the animals and colors of them. The toy has 3 or 4 different settings that ask for different things, such as "find the number 5..." or "which animal says "Moo"?", or "find the orange cat". It will respond with the animal sound, and the voice saying" this is the orange cat".  Our son gets them all every time!", 1.0
"We haven't used the Spanish setting, though our son loves to flip to it, and then he has NO idea what the voice is saying, but he keeps doing it anyway!", 4.0
"Great toy, well worth the money", 4.0
"My son received this as a Christmas gift (was 10 months old) and instantly loved the colors and sounds.  Now at 12 months he still plays and pushes the buttons, we are working on knowing the animal to the sound.  But he just loves it!  We are looking into now buying Noah the other toy to go with it for his 1st birthday.  Great Sounds, Great colors", 5.0
"We purchased this for our son Christmas 2004 -- he was 18 months old then. He loved it right away and played with it EVERY DAY for 6 months. Travels kept him away from it over the summer, but since then, he still plays with it often, and has now mastered three of the (four) levels of games, in which the user listens to increasingly complex instructions and responds by finding an item or items. And now our daghter, soon to a be a year old, enjoys pressing the buttons and listening to the songs (which still inspire adorable little dances by her big brother).", 5.0
"The bilingual feature is great (we have it in German/English). Our son mastered 1 - 10 in both languages quickly, thanks to this toy. But don't tell him he was learning; to him it was just fun", 5.0
"I think it's important to note that this toy is in Spanish, but in proper Spanish from Spain. Many of the animals' names differ from more common Latin American names. Another more minor issue I have with this toy is the male voice that announces the names and instructions. It's very monotone and not "fun" to listen to", 5.0
"I bought this for my one year old granddaughter for Christmas.  It is a little too old for her.  She did press the buttons but could not play the games.  Now that she is 18 months she does press the buttons more and knows the names for the animals.  This is a great toy to sit with the child and interact.  It is durable and so far has not needed new batteries after 4 months.  I would consider this a toy for a 2 year old", 4.0
"This is a game that is easy to learn and strategy develops the longer you play. It doesn't take very long to play and has growing potential with expansions", 5.0
"We've played this game about 10 times and each time it played out differently. It takes about 40 minutes to play out a game; there are not that many decisions to make each turn so the game can move quickly. We've played both two and four handed - it worked both ways. The counter for keeping score is a bit funky, but does not distract.", 2.0
"As you can tell from the reviews, this game is awesome.", 4.0
"My girlfriend and I love to play it together, as it works very well with two players.  Lots of the great strategy games work well with 4-6 players, but Carcassonne manages to be great with only two as well", 5.0
"     When I first read the description of Carcassonne, I dismissed it as something that I wouldn't really enjoy (I've never really liked how luck is the dominant element of tile-laying games).  But there were so many fantastic reviews that mentioned how `strategic' it was, we decided to dig into our game fund and buy it!  It was an instant hit with family and friends including my wife and daughter, who are not avid game players.", 5.0
"     I won't waste time explaining the rules or details of gameplay, but I will say that learning the game is very easy.  The game plays in about a half hour (a bit more with expansions), which is great because people can come and go as they please - no long term commitments here.  Even adding `The River' (included in the basic game edition that we bought) and the `Inns and Cathedrals' expansion rules isn't a burden.  The only area that can be a bit confusing is scoring for farmlands.  We did it incorrectly the first night, but as I was re-reading the rules to clarify it, it became clear on how they should be scored.", 4.0
"     The mechanics of gameplay can be tinkered with to produce variations that you may like.  For instance, we don't use the standard rules for placing the river tiles at the beginning of the game.  We shuffle all 12 tiles, picking and laying tiles to build the river only until the two ends (the spring and the lake) have been placed.  This way, the length of the river (2 to 12 tiles) varies from one game to the next.", 5.0
"     The tile laying aspect of this game is, of course, mostly luck.  There's no strategy that can give you the tile you need - you'll either be lucky or not.  On one game, my son and I were both waiting to finish cities near the end of the game, needing identical pieces.  He drew the tile and scored, I ended up with a zero for that city and lost the game.  Had I drawn the tile, I'd have won.  Of course, the more players you have, the less chance you have of getting that tile that you really need.", 5.0
"      Placing tiles carefully is the key to strategizing.  Should you build a bunch of small cities, or a lesser amount of large ones?  Should you finish that road or try to build it as long as possible?  Should you expand your own farms, roads, and cities, or `steal' points from another player?  There is no one strategy that is fail-safe (at least none that I've found).", 5.0
"      Strategy comes in not only in where the tiles are places, but also in the placement of your followers (`meeples') to score points for roads (as thieves), farms (farmers), cloisters (monks) and cities (knights).   Since you have only a small amount of meeples, so managing them wisely is of the utmost importance.  .", 4.0
"When it's all put together, these elements combine to make a fun and unpredictable game that is different every time you play it.", 1.0
"      We purchased the "Inns and Cathedrals" expansion, in which Inns can double the value of roads and Cathedrals score you additional points in cities.  But if those cities and roads remain unfinished at the end of the game, the whole city (or road) is worthless!  This set also comes with a large follower (worth 2 regular followers) for each color, a complete set of followers for a sixth color (gray), and `50/100' tiles to make keeping score easier.", 5.0
"     There are several other expansions for Carcassone, each adding a twist here or there, as well as increasing the number of tiles.  We hope to add some of those to our collection over time, but we don't really find the game lacking anything the way it is, either.  While these expansions aren't necessary to enjoy the game, the additional tiles, rules, and strategies really modify the game up nicely.  There is also a `big box' available which includes the base game plus five expansions.", 5.0
"      I recommend this game highly.  While I can't say that it will replace game nights of taking out a large board game for a 2-3 hour showdown, this game stands on its' own merits, being a fine game for 2 to 5 players (six with the I & C expansion).  But more importantly, it's the kind of game that can entice non-gamers into the fold, and every person that I have introduced the game to (both gamers and non-gamers alike) loves it.  Carcassonne is proof that a game doesn't have to be massive or have highly technical rules to be challenging and fun.", 5.0
"This is a tile game based in the Middle Ages when there were walled cities in Europe. Carcassonne is in southern France, but we've stayed in a similar German city -- Dinkelsbuehl. Grandpa got it for a Christmas present in 2005 and since then we've bought extension sets and played it with the adult children.  Somewhere along the way, the grandchildren (ages 5-9) discovered this was a game they could play with the adults and so we gave the game to two families this Christmas.  The grandkids love playing with the grown-ups and don't have to understand the strategy in order to enjoy playing and sometimes to win.  The game goes faster than others we play like Settlers of Catan and Rail Baron", 4.0
"Carcassonne is an excellent game that is not only simple and fun to play, but chock full of strategy and planning.", 5.0
"The game is great for family and friends, and simple enough to teach to the kids.  It takes about an hour to play, so it's good for that after dinner game, or whenever you don't have multiple hours to play.  That said, the game is fun and diverse enough to play several games back to back when you do have several hours at hand.", 5.0
"As simple as the game appears, there's a lot of strategy that can get involved in the placement of your Meeples.  You can spend the game trying to look like you're working on your own territory, hoping the other players don't notice you trying to rob them of their end-game points.  There is a bit of luck that comes into play, and it can wreck your genius strategy, but that's the fun of the game.", 5.0
"I highly recommend this game to any board gamer, to anyone thinking of playing board games, or to any gamer trying to recruit friends and family into the joys of non-electronic games", 4.0
"Great game for the entire family, especially kids 8 or older!  Strategy is what makes it fun--but you can play and have fun even without "thinking" too much", 1.0
"I am glad that I bought this game.  It does not involve any money or any pen and paper (which is rather unusual!)  Scoring is done by moving people around a 50 point track, and if you lap it, you get a 50 point card in addition to whatever else you have on the point track.  This keeps the focus on the game-play, while still allowing for a point reference throughout the game.", 1.0
"The pieces (and the box) are of high quality, and the game can be enjoyed by children as well as adults.", 2.0
"Another reason I like this game is that two players can play this game alone, and sometimes it is hard to find games like that. You typically have two owners of a game and a third person (a friend?) who comes over and plays less often and is always at a disadvantage.", 5.0
"Also, the game doesn't last too long. You are not going to get bogged down for hours, and you can "get a game in" before you go to bed, or before you go out.", 4.0
"If you enjoy this game, there are some expansion sets to this game that you can also purchase.  They each add additional pieces and additional rules, and they change the strategy and make it more interesting (just when you might have been getting tired with the game!)", 4.0
"They are the following:", 5.0
"Carcassonne Inns & Cathedrals", 1.0
"Carcassonne Traders & Builders", 1.0
"Carcassonne The Princess and the Dragon", 4.0
"Carcassonne The Tower", 5.0
"Carcassonne The River (sort of a mini-expansion)", 4.0
"If, however, you think you would like to purchase them all at once, instead of one by one down the road, you can elect to purchase the "Carcassonne: Big Box" instead.  This contains the full original game as well all of the expansions listed above.  It is bundled together at a big discount, and as well as with a big space savings -no extra boxes lying around.", 5.0
"In addition, if you enjoy Carcassonne, you can also purchase separate standalone games related to Carcassonne, but which are NOT expansions, and which cannot be played as part of the original game (or any of the expansions listed above).", 5.0
"They are the following:", 4.0
"Carcassonne Hunters & Gatherers", 5.0
"Carcassonne The Castle", 5.0
"Carcassonne The City", 5.0
"Carcassonne The Ark of the Covenant", 5.0
"Finally, for those who enjoyed this game, I must also recommend other strategy games from the manufacturer, Rio Grande Games.  I have also purchased the strategy card games "Lost Cities" and "San Juan" from this manufacturer, and have enjoyed them immensely as well!", 5.0
"Love it.  When a friend explained it to my husband and I...we thought "how lame", but once we played it...we loved it!  It's easy but also strategic (but not nerdy strategic).  Even my 8 year old nephew loved it.  Seriously, you just need to try it out.  We must have played it a dozen times over the Christmas holiday. Great to get a gang together and do a little thinking and have some fun", 5.0
"My family and I all love board games and bought this after reading the great reviews. It lived up to all expectations. My husband read the instructions and easily explained the game to us. Strategies are quickly realized but are varied. The game is different every time and can be played in under an hour.", 5.0
"This game comes with the free "river" expansion pack so you can play with or without. I like with the river better.", 5.0
"The game is most fun with two players, but we've played with up to four and still had a good time. Strategy changes with more people", 5.0
"My 4 year old daughter loves this lap desk!  It is very durable and functional.  There are holes to hold the crayons and markers that are included in the set.  Both sides open to reveal storage space to store the markers and crayons when not in use.  The pink pillow that is used to set the desk in your lap is detachable so can be used on the floor also.  There is also a clip to hold paper in place.  This is a great toy and I would recommend it for the princess lover", 5.0
"this toy is only good for decoration.  it collapses very easily and its parts, some of them small and necessary, are quickly misplaced.", 5.0
"My daughter received this for a birthday gift and was thrilled when she saw the box.  However, after taking the pieces out and putting them together, and putting them together, and then putting them together AGAIN, she lost all interest in it.  She loves the 2 cats from the movie and was most excited they were included.  The wedding arch falls apart if you look at it wrong.", 5.0
"I would not spend my money on this unless you intend to sit there with your child and reconstruct the thing every time she moves.", 5.0
"My daughter received this toy for Christmas.  We have no trouble with the pieces falling apart.  My daughter loves playing out the scene from the double wedding of Annalise and Ericka.", 5.0
"My daughter got this for Christmas and she was so excited for us to open it. It is the most flimsy and cheap toy. It will not stay together or stand up. The only durable parts of the toy are the wedding cake and the cats. Please, do not waste your money on this toy", 5.0
"I am satisfied with the product.  The kids enjoy it.  The only thing I noticed was the picture on the web and on the box, show the part that shoots the ball down the lane as being made partially of metal.  I guess that has been changed and the ball shooter is all blue plastic now.  It works fine though, so it's not really an issue.  I'd recommend Rack n Roll bowl", 5.0
"Just took ours to Goodwill - kids played with it once or twice - not nearly as fun as advertised", 5.0
"This is a great game. It is a lot more fun than some of the bowling games in the past. You can keep score on the computer and also adjust a ball hooker that is used to knock the pins down.Includes ball return and resets pins easily. :", 5.0
"Much needed with our RC car.  We purchased a RC car and were unable to find the battery pack at the store.  As a result we had to purchase normal AA's while we searched out the battery pack.  After 2 days of having to replace the batteries 3 times we told our son to wait till this came.  It was great once it got in the car.  Like others have said the car worked much better.  It was faster, more powerful, and a lot more fun for my husband and son.  It lasted about an hour and then just died when it lost power.  An excellent product.", 4.0
"When using this battery in our RC dune buggy, it gives consistent strong power under heavy use for about an hour or more before expiring.  It basically stays strong the whole time and when it's out of juice it stops, it doesn't fade or wear out slowly.  It takes 4 hours to recharge after the first two charges", 4.0
"Whereas it is great info for others to know what this does and doesn't work with, by giving this product a 1-star rating you are saying the PRODUCT is bad/poor, which is not the case.", 5.0
"This battery is the best battery I have ever had.This battery is 9.6 volts.It is great for the Hotwheels FURYFTX.Infact it makes it 30% FASTER.I would love too have another one", 2.0
"i bought the batman tumbler rc for christmas for my 5 year old son. We still are unable to purchace a batttery for this toy, and today is March 7th. maybe next year i can get him a battery for the 60 dollar car that has been decorating the toy shelf all year. When, I wonder, should i expect to be able to get the battery for this "great toy"?", 4.0
"We bought this battery pack since it was the recommended pack for the Terrain Twister, only to find out on Xmas day that the Terrain Twister was a dud because of incorrect battery pack.", 4.0
"We decided against the Tarantula so the battery pack was not necessary", 5.0
"My son loved his r.c dirtbike.  It rides really well esp. in the dirt and asphalt but broke the first day he played with it.  Sad for him", 5.0
"I got this for my 5 year old. After a few hours, it stopped working. Even before that, it was too fast to be controllable, even for me. My kids got a laugh out of it but couldn't really play with it. We returned the first one, got the second, and it never worked. I had enough spending shipping costs each time and gave up", 4.0
"I've been looking for Bravemore Castle since November and still no luck!", 5.0
"Anyone have any information/leads as to where I can get one (without being gouged!!!)", 4.0
"Thanks!", 4.0
"Grace E", 4.0
"Dragomont has dragons who fight for him, so good King Bravemore has a roc (a large eagle).  This is a fun playset that has some nice features.", 5.0
"The scene is the stronghold of King Bravemore, or perhaps the roc's lair.  The Imaginext medieval series is just bursting with creative energy and storytelling potential.  Who is this roc?  Where did he come from?  How did he meet King Bravemore?  All questions that we can answer for ourselves as we build the castle and take the valiant king on countless adventures.", 5.0
"The castle features a lowering door/drawbridge, a break-apart wall that collapses, and a large eagle head sculpture with talons on a string that drop down to grab intruders.  The castle stands atop some rock formations and has two floors: ground floor and battlements above.  It also has a nice round tower.", 5.0
"The set is comprised of interlocking pieces that snap together.  Rock formations, walls, round towers, floorboards, and battlements all fit together in various ways.  Constructing a fortress of your own design is as easy as coming up with an idea.  Assembly instructions are easy to follow.", 5.0
"The castle looks good and has some nice detail in the walls, windows, and eagle sculpture.  Fully assembled, it's quite durable.  It can be moved around without falling apart.  The pieces themselves are solid and attractive.", 5.0
"The yellow roc has posable talons and wings, and he can shoot large, flat projectiles.  Load them into his back and push the trigger on his tail to fire away.  Hitting a target above the front door will lower it.  Likewise, a target above the eagle sculpture drops its claws to grab intruders below (it doesn't retract, though).  If you remove the brown tower and place it elsewhere, the roc can perch atop the tallest tower to keep an eye on his domain (his talons fit onto pegs on the battlements).", 5.0
"Also included is King Bravemore.  He has some good posability in the arms, and he can also ride the roc.  He comes with a helmet, shield, and two weapons (sword and staff).  His hands do a great job of grasping the items.  He's a cool action figure.", 5.0
"All you need are some more characters to liven things up.  I went out and got Prince Truman with his winged lion to keep the king company.  This set also works nicely along side the Dragon Keeper Dungeon and/or Dragomont's Fortress.  King Bravemore can fight Dragomont and his minions while the roc faces off with the dragons.", 4.0
"For the target audience, this toy is probably loads of fun, as it can be built and re-built in different configurations.  It's also compatible with other Imaginext sets.  I had a great time assembling it and playing around with it.  This is a quality piece of work.  Attractive.  Durable.  And it looks great.  My verdict:  thumbs up", 5.0
"first of all, it's not a toy, it's a hobby plane and i agree with the people who say it's not for 10 year olds. every one who wrote a bad review was either too impatient to fly it and didn't read the instructions which say it is a pro level plane and to fly it, you need to read the instructions or you'l regret it or they're just not good pilots. my experience with the storm launcher was excelent. you need to drive it on the ground the first 8- 10 times so the motors can get used to it. then, before flying, you need to do some small jumps for practice. before you know it, you can fly it for almost 6 minutes and do loops.", 4.0
"go ahead, ignore all the other reviews, hear this", 5.0
"you get one extra propeller", 4.0
"that goes on the first day", 5.0
"second day", 5.0
"another propeller breaks", 5.0
"out 100", 4.0
"I carefully read the instructions but could only get this thing to fly for more than 3-4 seconds. Once the toy is aprx 200 feet away from the controller, it shuts off or control is lost even after a full recharge of plane battery and with brand new set of fresh remote control AA bats. I gave it 8 tries in six different days and it is difficult to get it to fly or do things on the ground after a certain distance. very frustrating, do not bu", 4.0
"The products is made almost entirely of flimsy styrofoam. Pieces break every time it is used.   Have plenty of glue and packing tape available to keep it together.  You need to buy the separate battery and charger for another $30.00 - which doesn't last all that long.  All in all - its a $100.00 tissue - you blow it once and its in the trash.", 5.0
"Geeze what do you expect?  Yes it's a $100 toy and being capable of flight means it's going to be light and delicate.", 4.0
"But make no mistake:  It is an amazing toy - flat out impossible when I was young.", 5.0
"So have a care, realize what you're buying and have fun.", 5.0
"I bought this set for my friend's daughter's birthday.  She is 8 and loves the set.  My 8 y/o daughter also loves all her Littlest Pep Shop toys and we have never had a complaint with anything.  But her daughter apparently broke the head off of the dog that comes with this set and the dog, which is supposed to catch a frisbee, is sold exclusively with the set.  I would like to help her get it replaced but since I misplaced the receipt I think they are stuck.", 4.0
"Still - these toys have been great fun for the girls and it isn't a complaint about the quality of the toys", 2.0
"I just recieved this game yesterday and I love it.  The first time I played it I won a million dollars, to bad it wasn't for real.  The thing I like about this game unlike some other hand held ones I have played is that you can turn it off, it has a little blue button at the top that turns it on and off.  It will save your game too if you have to turn it off for some reason, which for me is great cause I have 4 little kids that don't always let me sit for very long.  I got the electronic game too but haven't played it yet, I like to watch the show but I love to play the game, I got tired of playing it on the website so I purchused this to see if it was funner and it is.", 4.0
"This handheld DOND game isn't totally bad for the $15 it cost. Here's my review, and I hope to get a user pic up online of my unit too.", 5.0
"PROS -", 5.0
"I like the on off button at the top, alot of these handheld games just don't have one, so its a nice feature.", 5.0
"You have the option of turning the game sound on or off, even during the game, there is no volume control, but as the "duct tape" can fix everything, you could always cut a small piece of duct tape and place it over the speaker if you wanted sound, but didnt want it loud! Or other methods of just covering the speaker w/a napkin or something..", 5.0
"The game is quite addictive and you always seem to want to play, "just one more" game before finally determining that there are other things in life to do! (the NBC DOND game you can play online is much quicker and is visually better)", 5.0
"CONS:", 5.0
"I really dont like that the numbers are so small, it makes it very hard to see if you don't have light at the right angle.", 5.0
"It would be nice if had a backlight, that would make those late night games alot easier!", 5.0
"I wish that there was a screen contrast adjustment, especially at the bottom, the case numbers to select are in 3 or 4 rows, are font size maybe 5 or less and are just very small, they all start off as black numbers and when you arrow to select one, the case you land on flashes between black and a light grey, once you select the case it turns light grey to show you have already selected that one.  It would really help if they ever make a newer version of this game, it wouldn't be that bad if the game itself were a little bigger to enable a visually friendly screen.", 5.0
"------------------------------------------------------------", 5.0
"Ah, its not that big of a deal there is really no vocal sounds, the music is kinda cheesy, but all in all its a fun game for $ 15.  It's fun, all a game of chance really, and hey on my 3rd time playing it, i actually picked the 1,000,000 case ! and got the million, no bells or whistles happened after that, the scrolling marquee at the top, which is where it gives you instructions and deal offers did say something like "SWEET!"", 5.0
"I did stop in the middle of game to do something once and the game was waiting for me to select cases and it said in the marquee "Let's go already.."  guess it was impatient!", 5.0
"Wouldn't hurt to buy this game, $ 15 won't really break a bank and it's a fun pastime.", 5.0
"This is a very fun game to play.  I'm sure everyone who is a fan of the show (as well as most people who aren't) would like to play it.  I hope for those of you who have posted that the game only turns off by itself read this, because you can manually turn off the game by holding the on/off button for a couple of seconds.  To turn on is a simple click, to turn off is holding it.", 5.0
"The sound is very interesting when it calculates the odds, just like the sounds of the show.  Just stinks Howie doesn't speak in it, it would have been good to hear him say Deal or No Deal.", 4.0
"I certainly recommend the game thoug", 4.0
"While I'm not a big fan of "Deal Or No Deal", I have seen the show and understand why it has been an overwhelming success for NBC.  The game is brilliant yet simple, and fun to watch.  However, its even more fun to play and this handheld version does not disappoint.  Even though the unit comes with instructions, the interface is very simple to operate and most users won't even need to consult them.  Being an "old-school" LCD game, the graphics and sound are obviously very simple, yet adequate enough to convey all the excitement of DOND.  The gameplay presentation is well done and you need not be a fan of the show to become addicted.  This is one of the most entertaining handheld games I have ever owned!  My gripes about the product are mostly minor.  The ON/OFF button is not responsive at times, but the unit will automatically power down after five minutes of idle time anyway.  While batteries are included, they are the disc-type (LR-44) instead of standard AA or AAA.  Aside from these two insignificant issues, this product is very enjoyable...and I'm admittedly not a big fan DOND.  I can only imagine how much more exciting it would be for someone who is a fan of the hit game show", 5.0
"When Deal Or No Deal debuted Christmas week last year I was keen on watching it because of my dislike of bald guys but when I saw Howie Mandel on it I fell instantly in love with him.  And so when my dad bought me this game I could've never been happier and so far it's been my favorite personal item to take in my Baby Phat purse,", 4.0
"WHAT I LOVE ABOUT THIS GAME,", 5.0
"Very addicting { I once held up a  mall trip by playing it},", 4.0
"Has the actual music though it's not the rock version of the theme,", 5.0
"Has a resume option to continue in case you go to the grocery store and you want to put it on hold,", 1.0
"WHAT I HATE ABOUT THIS GAME,", 5.0
"No batteries in some games,", 4.0
"Howie Mandel's voice is not featured in it,", 4.0
"Overall a wonderful game for the DOND fan,", 5.0
"Enjo", 1.0
"I can't praise this product without stepping on the toes of 40 other reviews!", 5.0
"I'll just say that my 5 year old daughter is a BIG dinosaur buff and she knows her stuff.  She has the nature videos, the books, the everything! and she thinks this set is A-Okay.  She loves setting up "dinosaur land" with the bright colored mat that comes with, too.", 5.0
"My 2 year old son, who is not the "paleontologist" that my daughter is also loves playing with these cool dinosaurs.", 4.0
"We got this for our son's third birthday.  He knows the dinosaurs' real names and he and his older sister will play with these for hours!  I love how they are sized and that they have their own storage bin...  Except for throwing away the boulders, which fit neatly into a three year old's mouth and can also kill your feet when stepped on, we have enjoyed everything about this toy!  Well worth the money, very much recommended, and I have already told 5 other mothers about them!", 1.0
"My two year old son keeps one to five of these with him at all times. He brings them to the bathtub, dinner table, carseat, park, bed. There's a Grandpa, Littlefoot, Sarah, sharptooth. No Petri though.", 4.0
"I have a daycare in my home. I bought this as a gift for my son because he loves dinosaurs. However, after one night of playing with it he had to have it in the playroom the next day. Every day since then that is one of the first toys that is taken out. They all fight over playing with it until they realize that there is enough dinosaurs for everyone to play with. There are valcanos, trees, and rocks in there to. I wish that the play mat was a little less flimsy, however it is very easy for the children to wad up and put back in the box. Overall this was a great purchase", 5.0
"My 4 year old recently experienced "dinosaur month" at daycare and the teacher had a bunch of larger scale dinosaurs that my daughter fell in love with. I couldn't find anything comparable in any stores, so I took a chance purchasing this item.  I'm glad I did as they are very comparable to the dinosaurs at daycare. They look real and are very durable.  It comes with a mat as well as plastic mountains, trees and rocks so it allows her to imagination to go beyond just dinosaurs.  I'm very pleased with this purchase", 5.0
"My 34 month old is obsessed with dinosaurs.  He loves this toy.  It says for 5 years and up, but it's worked fine for him as he is past putting non-food items in his mouth.  Dad & I get "chased" around by the dinosaurs and he loves to do a dinosaur theater for us as well.  He gets good pretend play that encourages his creativity and imagination", 4.0
"This was for our 4 year old son and he and his 8yr old sister and 9yr old brother have an adventure putting together the dinorsour scenes.  They are learning the different types of dinorsours and their habitat (as we adults best know it)", 5.0
"if you have a dino lover, this is the toy for them.  my nephew had a ball with it.  and it comes in a storage box that his mom love", 5.0
"My mother bought this set in Illinois for my 2 year old who loves dinosaurs for Christmas. After he opened this present he didn't want to open anymore and actually cried when we took him outside to see the go-kart Grandpa had bought him. The day after we came home our dog ate the two biggest dinosaurs and about 4 others. My son cried himself to sleep over it. I went to every toy store in Indianapolis looked everywhere online, and had my mother go to every place she could find in Illinois and this toy was sold out everywhere.", 5.0
"I have finally found another set and I have never seen my son happier. He will sit for hours playing with this set. He has almost every toy imaginable and all he wants is three or four of these "saurs" as he calls them to take everywhere with him and he is happy. He even sleeps with the big ones. This toy is great and at a good price there are so many in the box I was surprised.", 5.0
"I love this toy. It is great for any kid who loves dinosaurs!", 5.0
"I am a collector of McFarlane action figures and continue to collect different ones from different sports figures while keeping them unopened and in mint condition~ This is one of my collection and it is good to find a collector at the price this was~ A young star definitly on the upswing", 5.0
"This was the perfect size for my 4 year old son who LOVES anything with Pirates!! It doesn't float in the bathtub though so that was a little disappointing to him.  But he plays with this for hours!", 4.0
"This is a great little ship. My three pirate enthusiasts (6, 4, and 2) love playsets and figures. Since these are so tiny, they love them even more!", 5.0
"I would agree with the first reviewer that the masts come off, but they are not too hard to get back on (half the time, they play with them without the masts). We keep everything in a plastic box so we won't have trouble finding the pieces when it's time to play. My boys also love the micro world treasure chest playset and the other ship sold separately(the Edinburgh).", 5.0
"Santa brought these to our little guy this x-mas, and as usual Santa picked good ones!  Our son is currently 19 months so we took away the little pieces the firefighters are holding, but kept the hats.  Our boy likes to take their hats on and off and put them in and out of his huge (& equally fabulous) electronic Tonka hook & ladder truck.", 4.0
"These figures bend, their shoes are permanently on, their clothes are sewn on, and the paint they used for their faces and bodies holds up extremely well to a still teething toddler.", 5.0
"We like them so much, we are hoping Santa brings more next year", 5.0
"I checked the instructions that were found on Lego's website and found that there are 102 steps for creating the tow truck and 92 steps for constructing the alternate with ministeps in between.  I plan to get this since I grew up with Lego.  Hope other Adult Fans of Lego will get this model and other models with lots of pieces with them.", 5.0
"My son got this pull toy for his 1st birthday.  He loves chasing it around the house as we pull it.  He isn't walking yet, but I know he will love to pull it when he does.  He had a frog-themed birthday party, so this frog was a hit.  The legs move up and down as you pull it, which makes it interesting to watch and so cute.  The quality is pretty good.  The rubber on the wheels isn't consistent all the way around, so some of the wood touches the ground.  The paint is wearing off in those places.  Other than that, it is a great toy.  That one thing would not keep me from buying it.  Also, unlike many pull toys, the string seems long enough for pulling (some have really short strings).  My 5 year old twin girls have a blast pulling it around for my son", 4.0
"My kids love it, but it is loud! It is really sturdy and the rubber on the wheels makes it much easier to push than the plastic versions for my 11 month old son. It does its job well as a walker, but beware if you like peace adn quiet in your home.", 4.0
"We fell in love with this push toy at the store after our little guy, who at the time was only 7 months, started pushing this around.  We have watched him tackle crawling and standing up really early so he's been an old pro for a couple months at those things and we were looking for a good push walker.  This is by far the most sturdy one we tested.  It works great on our carpet and on our hardwood.  It doesn't get going too fast out from under him yet and it does have little things for him to spin if he's sitting on the ground.  Eventually we'll get him a ride on push toy but this is a great start.   Everyone comments on it when they are over about how cute looking and durable it is.", 4.0
"Our baby loves this push toy. It helps him walking and makes a funny (not too loud) clacking noise as he pushes it. When he is tired, he loves to play with the wooden beads decorated with butterflies. This is a really nice and sturdy toy", 5.0
"Sequence is a game that I've been playing for over a decade, and am still loving it. A friend introduced it to my family during a vacation when I was a teen. The following Christmas, both my mom and I unknowingly happened to give it to each other as gifts. We love the gave so much we kept both of them. And I'm glad because I've been able to keep mine with me as I've moved around.", 5.0
"Now married, my wife has become hooked and we play all the time. We live in South America now and have introduced it to friends that we've made here. We literally get phone calls asking if we can come over and to bring Sequence with us. It's great because it's so fun, easy to learn,and there's no language barrier.", 5.0
"I have the standard edition, so I don't know too much about the Deluxe or Jumber editions. But through the years and as much as I've played, the folding board is still in great condition.", 4.0
"Also, I've read in other reviews that the chips in the deluxe version are painted white on the bottom to easily show where sequences have been made. You can do that if you want, but for me, part of the strategy is to NOT let your opponent(s) know that you've already made a sequence. If they don't see it, that makes it easier for you to get your second one. So I think the standard version is just fine the way it is", 4.0
"Sequence is a great family card game, it is easy to learn and we do not get "bored". There are no math problems to be concerned about. It something you can take when you travel. We played sequence  at our local pool and quite a few people watched us and inquired what kind of game is was and where to purchase it.  Of course I told them to go on Amazon.com. It is affordable as it", 5.0
"comes in various sizes from a small board to a jumbo board.", 5.0
"We play squence with our Grandchildren and also our mature friends also love the game.", 4.0
"Thank you.", 5.0
"Jenna in South Carolina", 4.0
"Our family really enjoys playing and so do our friends. It is very addicting", 4.0
"We LOVE this game.. It is great for ages about 10 up.. Nice family game that can include many people!!...Have to concentrate on entire board!! Challening and fun!", 1.0
"My girlfriend introduced me to this game- it's appropriate for many ages and even though there is strategy involved, we're able to "catch up" and talk to each other while we play.  It's also very easy to learn, so that really makes it fun for all", 5.0
"We have 5 grown children that love to play games.. we play Sequence by the hours.. it is good for two players to 8 ! we divide up into teams.. the guys against the gals... couples against couples.. we just love this game.. a 5 year old can play as easily as an adult!", 5.0
"I know you'll enjoy this if your family enjoys playing games", 4.0
"we've been playing this game in my family for a few years now and we all love it! it is addictive! we play for prizes which makes it even more fun and exciting. We have players/teams from the age of 12 up to 80 years", 5.0
"I purchased this item for my mother who is an avid crossword addict.  She just loved it, it has so many different subjects to do, and the set-up was really easy to use.  this really is the best crossword puzzle ever.", 5.0
"I highly recommend it to any avid crossword puzzle addict.  It has something for everyone.", 5.0
"You may have to move the entertainment center out of the living room to make room for this on your wall, but it'll be well worth it.  This crossword puzzle is a good combination of easy, difficult, and impossible clues, so the whole family (or the whole office) can participate.  I'd suggest a crossword dictionary for the harder clues.  This is loads of fun!  It's the best crossword puzzle I've ever worked on - when does the next one come out", 4.0
"Our grandson loved his Magineatos Curves and his older brother & sister join in the fun", 1.0
"I bought the Moon Shoes not sure how they would work, how long they would last and so on.  Needless to say I was very impressed!  The black bands allow for weight modification so that as the child gets older and heavier you add more bands - so they can use them for many years to come.  The kids love them and they help with coordination and balance!", 1.0
"I just don't understand why other kids aren't able to figure these shoes out.  My daughter just barely turned five and picked out the purple moon shoes for her birthday.  I'm a 26 year old woman, and I didn't have a single problem putting them together, it wasn't near as hard as other people have made it out to be.  Now, I know that these shoes are for ages 7 and up, but I figured my energetic, boisterous wild child wouldn't have a problem.  She LOVES them.  I spent the first five minutes holding her hand and helping her balance, and she took off on her own after that.  I will not let her wear them without supervision, as I'm a very responsible parent.  She fell over a couple of times, but she's a kid, so she handles falls well.  I don't see these shoes being any more dangerous than a trampoline.  If my five year old daughter can handle these shoes, I don't see why anybody else can't.  Just be a responsible parent and watch your kids closely, just as you would if they were on a trampoline", 5.0
"My daughter is 7 and very active. We're constantly looking for new, fun items to put all that energy to good use. Although a little wobbly at first, and requiring thinking minds to figure out how many rubber bands to use per the weight of the child, these are a hilarious romp if your child doesn't mind falling a bit. Our daughter laughed the whole time, got some great bounces and some great wipe outs. Wouldn't recommend for asphalt or other hard surfaces. Best in wide, open spaces with grass and soft landings! Best for 50 lbs and up. Requires a fair amount of coordination and will certainly build on that!", 1.0
"We got these yesterday, I have an active 6 and 4 year old.  They were a pain in the butt to put together and I had to have my husband do it.  I'm 37 and found it tough, don't know how a kid could put them together for what you pay for plastic the company could atleast put them together.  My 6 year old was hurt within 5 min.  He has good coordination so I thought he could handle them even though the box says 7 and up.  The shoe base is big hard and clunky, He skined his shin on the base of the shoe just trying to get up from one of his falls.  I had visions of going to the hospital so we put them back in the box.  [...", 1.0
"My 9 year old daughter is very athletic and excells at all sports but these things are difficult to master.  Very large danger of ankle and leg injuries from falling and twisting the ankle.  Maybe it depends on the body type of the kid; mine is tall and thin, built for speed not strength.  Maybe a stronger kid could do it.  These are going back", 5.0
"Bought these last year for my 8 year old couch potato video game playing nephew. This got him off the couch and bouncing. One year later, and his Mom  tells me he still plays with them every day.", 4.0
"Since he likes bouncing so much, I bought him the pogo stick this year. Hope he enjoys it as much as the Moon Shoes", 4.0
"Some reviewers here give these shoes a bad rap.  OF COURSE you should wear a helmet and wrist guards with these shoes, just as you would with a skateboard.  Then you won't be in danger of 'busting your head open,' like some reviewers warned.  My 5 y.o. daughter and 8 y.o. son LOVE these shoes.  They jumped and ran in them for hours - usually under my supervision.  Two recommendations - 1) put on more rubber bands than recommended for your child's weight so they aren't so 'squishy', and 2) buy extra because they break kind of frequently.  But well worth the active fun", 5.0
"I was wondering about putting moon shoes on my wishlist, but I'm wondering if they're too dangerous. I'm almost 11 and if someone would be helpful enough to write a review explaining and answering my questions, that would be most appriciated. Thank you", 1.0
"I got Pablo for my 4 year old son and he hasn't stopped playing with it, sleeps with it and goes well with all the Backyardigans DVD's we got him as well as they come to life through this doll.", 5.0
"Received my order in record time which surprised me as I expected to have to wait at least a week before receiving my order.  The game arrived in excellent condition and is all that was advertised.  It is a perfect size for ease of playing", 5.0
"Well worth the extra money for this game format. Purchased a closable travelling soap dish for the cards, and better Ziploc bags for the chips - and throw everything into the tube.  Having read some comments about the flexible board curling gave some hesitation for going this route.  This was solved by rolling the board with the printing on the outside, so that when the board is unrolled the natural temporary edge curl is downwards.  The only possible negative is the tube is not handy for travelling or storag", 5.0
"My friend gave this toy to my one year old for her birthday. It makes the cutest sounds! It's a great idea for a toy, it's three puzzles in one. Even my five year old likes to play with it. My one year old just pushes the cubes to make the sounds but my five year old can do the puzzles. I love the sounds too and don't get tired of hearing them like other toys that have sounds. The only reason I gave it four out of five starts is because we have only had this toy for a few weeks and the paper stickers that are covering the cubes are already starting to peel off. My baby wants to tear them off so I have to keep sticking them back down. I will probably have to use some glue to keep them down. Besides that this is a really cute toy", 5.0
"I have a 1 year old girl and a 2 year old boy and both of them love this toy! My youngest loves the sounds that it makes and my oldest loves changing the tiles over to reveal a new piece of the puzzle. They don't understand how to make a new picture (by flipping the tiles until you get a matching piece of the puzzle. there are 3 puzzles) but that will come in time. It keeps them busy in the car which is great, and its educational because its a puzzle, but it doesn't have lots of pieces that would get lost. I think that it is totally worth the money and a great itea!", 5.0
"my first daughter loved this item in 2003 now its being past down to her sister", 5.0
"A friend bought this table for my daughter when she was about 18 mo old.  She is now 3 and I have a 8 1/2 mo old and we will be throwing this table in the trash.  First of all, the cookie monster part does not work - it never has.  Secondly, at odd times e.g. 3 o'clock in the morning, it will start making it's noises and singing songs for no reason.  Finally, and most importantly, it falls over whenever my son leans on it.  We were going to give it away because it was kind of annoying but because it is also dangerous we will now just throw it in the trash.  Do not buy this toy", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my son when he was 7 months old, and he loved it!  It is still his favorite toy - he is 12 months old now.  He used to crawl over to it and pull himself up.  Now he is walking, and he will make a beeline for it whenever he sees it. He loves the little spot under Cookie Monster, he likes to hide things in there.  And he also likes to press the buttons on the front and dance to the music.  I have found it to be pretty sturdy, since all the chewing, pulling, banging, etc. haven't broken it yet. He is now starting to try to climb on top of it , which is a problem, because it can tip over. The other issue is that the sound is really annoying.  Maybe it is that I hear it so much during the day, but the whole "Eyes! they help us see our friends" thing is echoing in my head while I try to sleep.  There is an off switch for the sound, but then my son gets sad that Elmo isn't talking to him.  Overall, great toy", 5.0
"We received this as a gift for our daughter. She is now 9 months old and within 2 weeks of playing with it (again, she is 9 months old) elmo's head broke. The table no longer operates as all electrical is centered in Elmo's head.", 5.0
"A toy that we were very excited about turned out to be a dud.", 5.0
"This is one of my son's favorite toys.  He has no idea who Elmo is but he still loves it.  He started playing with it before he could walk...he loved to crawl over to it and stand up and dance as he pushed the buttons.  Now he is two and the batteries have been dead for months--but he still likes it.  He uses the pretend phone and hides things in the little cookie spot.", 1.0
"This toy has been on its head more than once and I was pleasantly surprised that Elmo's head didn't break", 5.0
"my child loved this toy. my only problem with it, was that it tipped over easy.  so i just set the back up against the wall or something and kept an eye on my child.", 5.0
"I bought this canopy for my daughter's room and she LOVES it.  It is VERY reasonable priced compared to most canopies.  If you like to do craft projects this is for you.  I did decorate it for my daughter (she's only 3), so I could see it being difficut for younger children. the pens are small and do not have enough glitter.  I didn't have a problem with the drying time though. I decorated the butterfly at night and glued the gems then too, and it was ready for assembly in the morning.  I am going to get some of the coordinating items to finish off her room", 5.0
"Have looked high and low for a MATCHBOX (not Hot Wheels!) case for my 5 year old son.  Ended up buying two of these.  Well made and reminded me of what I used to have as a kid...  I only wish they made them in a 48 car size...  Have had them about a month, and they are holding up to the use by a 5 year old fine", 5.0
"MY GRANDSON LOVES THIS HE CARRYS AROUND HIS CARS GOING TO HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER", 5.0
"Since Matchbox is now a Mattel item, these are the same as the 24 car Hot Wheels cases found at Target every other year (it seems).  These are far superior to what the Hot Wheels line has right now.  They have a "throw back" design of a black wheel and they have the dreaded 100 car case on wheels.  Both of those allow the cars to bang around on the hard sides and scratch them.  These are the classic soft trays that stack.  Even has a couple slots for longer cars.  With the exception of eBay, this is the only place I've found this type of case.  Excellent for your redlines or the latest from the pegs", 5.0
"It would be just fine if not for the fact that the case tears easily.  It is made of thin vinyl and cardboard.  It wouldn't be a problem if not for the fact that the handle falls off easily, and it doesn't close tightly.  Unfortunately, I haven't seen more than this one and the 48 box for the Hotwheels, which is much larger which makes it less portable.  This one annoys the heck out of my wife and I, as the handle falls off while carrying it and the cars spill all over the place at inopportune times", 5.0
"My 28 month old has an obsession with Matchbox or Hotwheels cars and he loves to carry them around in various baskets.  That worked until all the baskets broke, so I got him this.  It actually comes with 2 black inserts that hold the cars, but my son is a little to young to figure it out, so I've hidden those away and he just tosses the cars and closes it and is off.  I think it's a great value, too, at the price", 5.0
"Yes, the case itself is made of the generric flimsy plastic that they used to make Halloween costumes out of back in the 80's.  However, so far, I have not had any durability issues with it.  The big selling point for me, though, was that it included two of the plastic trays to put the cars in.  I first got a Hot Wheels car carrier made of solid plastic, but it did not hold the cars securely and while carrying the case, the cars would move around inside and scrape each other up.  The removable divider trays in this case are perfect and do not allow the cars to move at all, even if you tip the case upside down.  I highly recommend this portable case", 5.0
"We purchased this case for our son, for him to take on a family vacation.  It's good to carry the matchbox cars.  It's not too heavy and easy for a child to open.  The plastic casing inside holds different size cars.    It's good for the money.", 4.0
"It seems like every Christmas there is one toy that is at the top of the list that is a major bust, and this year it is the Love N Licks Puppy!!!  This was the only thing my 5 year old daughter really wanted, and she is so disappointed we can't get it to do anything than bark (or whine as it really sounds)!  She is sad feeling like it's her fault, like she's not 'loving it enough'.", 5.0
"I thought maybe we had just gotten the one lemon, but it looks like they are all like this.  I can't believe a manufacturer would put this out and set up so many kids for disappointment.", 4.0
"Major disappointment!!  Don't waste your money or set your kids up to be extremely disappointed", 5.0
"This is too difficult for my 5-year old to work. Initially I couldn't get it to work...it took 20 minutes of rubbing to get it to lick. Now I can get it to work much faster (5 minutes...still pretty long for a child) by rubbing EXTREMEMLY hard and fast. At first the tongue was not wet, but eventually after getting it to work several times, it did become wet (guess it takes a while for the water to work its way into the tongue?). Don't waste your money or disappoint your child", 5.0
"So we just got this gift for Christmas for our 8 year old. Took me almost 10 minutes to get it to "lick." The review that mentioned rubbing hard helped. I shouldn't have to come to the reviews to figure that out. Once I got it to lick once I'm 5 minutes into trying to get it to do it again. Just WAY to much work. Not looking forward to Christmas morning and my 8 year old's almost assured disappointment", 4.0
"I bought this item for my son and the Love and Licks Jack Russell for a Christmas party gift.  The "bark" sounds more like a whine and I have yet to get either of the dogs to wag their tail or kick their leg like the box says.  Followed instructions to the letter and neither of them licks.  Sounded like a great gift.", 4.0
"Update, I contacted the manufacturer and was told by the customer service rep. that she too had trouble getting it to work.  Suggested that I try rubbing "extremely" hard under the collar on the neck.  This did work and after getting the dog started it is pretty cute.  No where in the directions does it tell you about rubbing under the neck.  If buying this for a smaller child, be warned it will definitely take and older person to get the dog barking, wagging and licking", 4.0
"This is a good toy for keeping your brothers and sisters of out of your room at all times so get this if you don't want anybody going and taking anything out of your room!!!!!!!!!", 1.0
"I love the idia and its helpful to keep my 3 brothers and my 4 sisters out i love it its so much fun!!!!", 5.0
"at first i thought it was really cool but in the end i had to return i", 4.0
"I'm 35 & had this electronic game (and still do) when  I was a kid.  I loved this game & it kept me busy for hours.  You can play music, tic-tac-toe, Blackjack against the computer or others, and many other games.  It doesn't compare to a Game Boy Adv of course, but it's still a fun electronic game!! Simple even for the little ones!", 5.0
"I had high hopes for this game, but unfortunately, this product is average at best. The use of the DVD's slow the game and the questions are limited on how many times you land on a wedge before it stops giving questions and tells you to just ask from the deck.", 5.0
"Also the questions are lame, What faze of the moon was it when Golum climbed down the cliff in Eming Mul' (sp?), What color was someone dress in a particular scene, How many days did Gimili, Aragon, and Legolas track the Hobbits? Who cares, and the questions on movie making are even worse, really.", 4.0
"LOTR trivial pursuit is just as good as it sounds.  Anyone who considers themselves huge fans of the movies will enjoy this game.  The nerdier you are the more you'll like it.  The dvd's, however, are really only impressive from a visual standpoint.  The questions are a little too easy and don't seem to get harder as you go on, like they're supposed to.  The cards are mixed with easy and more difficult questions.  All in all, LOTR trivial pursuit is definitely a must have for any fan.", 4.0
"So you think you know everything about the Lord of the Rings movies?  You may be right, but Lord of the Rings: Trivial Pursuit is a fun way to confirm it.  The questions asked range from easy to hard- so you definitely get your LOTR knowledge tested.  In the game, there are six categories to choose from:", 5.0
"1. Good Characters (Green): Who plunks himself down in Denethor's throne for a smoke after its owner's demise?  (Example question from one the game cards)", 5.0
"2. Evil Characters (Blue): What substance on the leaves of the trees in Fangorn does Gimli taste, then spit out in disgust?", 4.0
"3. Places and History (Orange):  How many months, to the day, are the Hobbits out on their journey before returning to the Shire?", 4.0
"4. Things (Red): What dangles from the left side of Gandalf's cart, as he enters Hobbiton?", 1.0
"5. Warfare (Yellow): What two spots are the Uruk-hai's body armor weakest, according to Legolas?", 5.0
"6. Making Movies (Brown): Who skipped the world premiere of FOTR to take her newborn baby to the supermarket?", 5.0
"On the DVD, questions come with cool clips, sounds, ect.  In addition, the game-winning question is asked by Andy Serkis (Gollum).  There 20 separate Trivia `games' on the DVD, where you begin at the Shire (game #1) and end at the Gray Havens (game #20).  While LOTR Trivial Pursuit can be played without the DVD, the addition of it makes the game-play much more entertaining.  This is a must-have for Lord of the Ring fans!", 4.0
"Even though the description typed on the websites are way off base, it's called read the actual box on the game to find out that it is 600 questions on 2 DVDs, the game is wonderful.  Even my wife, who HATES Lord of the Rings, enjoyed playing this.  Being able to use both the cards and DVDs is a wonderful feature, you can literally play dozens of times without getting the same questions twice.  If you like the movies, if you think you know them like I do, you will love this game.  Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!!", 4.0
"We bought this trike for our daughter's first birthday.  She loves it!  She is a little small to reach the pedals but she loves to hang onto the handle bar and swing her legs.  The only issue I have with the trike is that there is no seatbelt.  If you are getting it for an older child, it doesn't matter but we made a seatbelt from a camera strap to help hold the smaller kids in the seat", 4.0
"Our son loves to go on walks with this.  Everyone is always stopping us telling us how adorable it is.  Since my son was only 9 months when we started to use it, we bought a Kettler seat harness and attached it to the seat - it will leave permanent holes, but it is worth having the safety feature.  I'm glad we bought the upgraded model, the steering is great, my sister has the base model and the steering is a little difficult.", 5.0
"This item is ok . . . maybe it's just me, but we have had some issues with it.  It was ok at first (age 1), because my son couldn't reach the pedals, and his feet just kind of dangled.  But as he got a little older, he always seemed at a loss with what to do with his feet.  (There's nowhere to rest them.)  He would try to rest them on the pedals, and inevitably jam them with his foot.  Now he can reach the pedals (age 2), but hasn't mastered them yet.  But his feet are dragging the ground.  I guess I can raise the seat up, but this still won't solve his dangling problem.  Secondly, the canopy and cup holder are useless, and our bike doesn't steer particularly straight, even though we have tried to correct this.  My sister's son is same age as mine, and she has the same problems.  It is very cute, and we always get compliments on it, but is not nearly as functional.  Wish I had gotten something else", 5.0
"I really like this toy.  It was a little difficult to assemble.  I did have help from a college student who was visiting thankfully. The directions could be a little more informative.  We almost packed it up and took it back.  This will be perfect for the beach and boardwalk.  It saves your back, teaches steering, and attracts a lot of attention.  People think it is so cute.  The other review was correct the visor does nothing.  We use it at night and in the morning or indoors.  At $84 dollars and some change it was a tough pill to swollow, but well worth it.  I hope I can hand it down.", 5.0
"Thanks college student/niece", 1.0
"olivia's mo", 4.0
"We just gave this tricycle to our daughter for her 2nd birthday and she loves it.  It is well-made and lots of fun.  It is very easy to control the steering with the parent steering bar.  She loves to be pushed on her tricycle while her feet freewheel on the pedals.  The bell is a hit along with the cargo area where she puts some of her stuffed animals.  I do wonder if the tires have enough air in them.  They seem a tiny bit soft and there were no instructions about filling them.  Also, I question whether the canopy would survive if a strong toddler pulled on it a lot.  Our daughter is not very rough with her toys, so I don't see this as a problem.  Overall, this is a GREAT first tricycle and I would recommend it to anyone.  It is a reasonable price compared to other trikes with adult push bars and a lot of fun for a toddler", 5.0
"My son received this trike as a Christmas present from his grandparents. He is only 14 months old, but big for his age, in any case he cannot pedal yet. The best features of the trike are that it is easy for Mom or Dad to steer, it has a seat strap, and its just plain cooler than going for a walk in a stroller. My son loves it and anytime he gets a peek of it he points to it and squeals, if we don't let him ride it he gets upset. He feels like a big boy, especially since he always sees the older kids in our neighborhood on their bikes. The features you can live without include the sun shade, which I haven't noticed actually blocking any sun, and the cup holder which doesn't really work out that well, the slightest turn and the drink tips and spills. This only detracts slightly from the overall impression of the trike, but you could save some money by buying the model without the useless sunshade. The seat doesn't seem adequate for a five year old, which is the age the trike is supposed to be used until. I don't think we'll use it much past three years, but all in all it is a sturdy little trike and my son loves it", 4.0
"It was exactly what I was looking for, very easy to order and delivery was on time or earlier. I would definitely order again", 4.0
"I bought this for my four year old grandson for Christmas.  It has been a huge hit.  He loves it.  Nothing like being run over by a fire truck that a four year old is getting such pleasure from.  I highly recommed i", 5.0
"My 3 year old son received this as a Christmas present and jumped up and down continuously for about 10 minutes while his father cut it out of the box. He was so excited, I thought he might wet himself! He's had alot of fun with it", 5.0
"Bought this for a Christmas gift for my daughter, and it was the hit of the Christmas season.  Just like the games at the arcades.  Both of my children have already spent hours playing this.  The ease of the plug and play makes this an extremely portable game, allowing it to easily move between TV's at home, or make the trip to a friend's house.   Bottom line, money very well spent", 5.0
"I bought this for our 11 year old for Christmas and he loves it. My husband is a little past the weight limit of 200 lbs but the rest of us love to play it.  Our 5 year old, so far, is the best at it.  He has scored the most points.  It takes a little bit to get used to doing the tricks but it is fun trying to figure it out.  I recommend this game for kids of any age.", 1.0
"I bought this toy for my 9 year old neice for Christmas. I wasn't sure if she would like it but it was a hit with all of the kids and adults too! Easy to use, even my 5 year old son was in line for his turn. By the end of the weekend everyone was doing flips on the board and getting high scores. This toy was a big hit and highly recommended.", 5.0
"I found a Play TV SSX Snowboard on clearance at a local store. (The screw to the battery compartment was stripped, but I was able to open the compartment using a utility knife. But, I digress.) In the short time I've been using it, my legs--especially the calves--are getting really toned. And it's so much fun that an hour just flies by.", 4.0
"EA really should consider marketing this item to adults as well as children. It makes exercise enjoyable. Now, if I could just find a Xavix port on sale..", 5.0
"This game is amazingly addictive. It was a whole-family Christmas gift and was the hit of the season. Everybody took a turn and most of us spent many hours on it over the week. It provides a lot of fun not only for the rider, but for all others who watch and cheer along. From the 4-year-olds to the grandparents, all had a blast.", 5.0
"The game is pretty simple, the hard part is learning how to work the controller and pull off tricks. Its one of those things that's easy to get started, but hard to master. There are a number of courses and three characters to keep things interesting. We mostly did the half-pipe which seemed to be the most fun.", 5.0
"This thing is built, as they say, like a tank. You use your back foot to control turns and you lean forward/backward to control your speed. The weight rating is something like 240 or 280 -- we had a number of grown-ups that pounded on it, with one in particular that jumped on the board like a maniac. It really was impressive that it didn't just crumble to bits under the punishment. (You can imagine the enteretainment that provides.)", 5.0
"This is a great game for groups to gather round and have some fun. Its also a whole lot more active than your typical console or pc game. You can certainly work up a sweat playing. Get this game, get on and give it a chance. It takes a while to learn how to control the board, but you can do it, and once you do, you really get hooked", 4.0
"We bought this game for our 12 year old. He loves it. It just plugs right into the tv, you don't need a game system like xbox or PS2. Its easy to figure out how to use it and his friends have fun with it too.  And if you're not the one playing it, its a lot of fun watching the player trying to keep their balance.", 5.0
"Excellent game.  I did not want to get a console game system for my son because I knew I'd never see him again.  This game however gets him up and moving. (Read...tires him out after awhile)", 5.0
"    The controller is very responsive, yet challenging enough to make sure you've got to practice a bit to do some of the trick moves.", 5.0
"   Alas...my weight keeps me from enjoying this fairly (200lbs. limit) but my son and I have a lot of fun with this new game and I expect his friends will be having competitions with him.", 4.0
"   It is one of the best electronic games I've ever bought for pure enjoyment.  I'd buy it again.", 5.0
"The buid of this toy is solid and it's suppose to be proper for kids around five. I got two, one for my wife and one for my labmate. I am surprised that both of them love it very much. It's cute and the movement of Pikachu is so dumb.:", 4.0
"My 23-month daughter fell in love with this gift a year ago and cannot live without it.  So I found it online on Amazon and purchased three more.  Now my wife and I keep the extras in the closet and rotate them out as they get dirty.  Well made, takes the abuse she gives it", 4.0
"Puddles the Duck is an adorable Ty Pluffie. He has an adorable beak and face. I like the wings, feet, and body too. Five dollars is a very good price for this cutie. I would recommend Puddles for all ages", 5.0
"My son has had this toy for almost a year and has used the crayons every day since he got them. They are still about 1/2 of their original size! I was really surprised by some of the reviewers who said their crayons were melting away fast because I have been amazed by the durability of ours. Maybe they haven't been letting them dry out between baths?? My son has no problem getting them in and out of the little fishbowl. Only bad thing I can say is that although my son LOVES elmo the doll hasn't really captured his attention, and I'm absolutely sure that's just a personality issue with him. The doll is in great shape, still looks like it did when we first got it.", 5.0
"Cute bath toy.....", 5.0
"I don't know why people are trying to sell it for so much.  It's available at Target for $9.99", 2.0
"THIS IS A VERY CUTE ELMO AND I CAN SEE ALREADY THAT *ALL* ELMO ITEMS ARE HOT THIS YEAR NOT JUST THE TMX ELMO DOLL. HOWEVER AMAZON'S PRICES ON MANY OF THESE ITMES ARE JUST WAY TOO HIGH. THIS ITEM HERE (SPLASH & SCRIBBLE ELMO) IS AVAILABLE AT TOYS R US ON-LINE FOR ONLY $10.99. PLEASE SHOP AROUND BEFORE YOU MAKE YOUR HOLIDAY PURCHASES THIS YEAR. SOOOO MANY SELLERS ON THIS WEBSITE ARE JUST OUT TO MAKE A FAST BUCK AND DO NOT CARE ABOUT YOUR HAPPINESS (OR YOUR POCKET-BOOK!) AT ALL. GO TO TOYS R US. ALL OF THEIR ELMO TOYS ARE CHEAPER. AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!!!", 5.0
"My 2-year-od daughter is a huge Elmo fan, so this toy has been a big hit with her.  Much to my delight it has been very helpful during bath time as well.  If my daughter is ever resistant to something in the tub Elmo is a great example.  Elmo has often gotten his ears, hair, neck, face, etc. washed first.  Once his turn is finished my daughter is anxiously waiting her turn so she can be just like Elmo.  Many times she will imitate what I'm doing and give him a bath too.  The crayons are great as well, we have so much fun drawing on the sides of our tub.  They wash off very easily and won't stain washcloths", 5.0
"I don't know if this happened from using the hook to hang dry elmo,  but now his neck is ripped half way around and stuffing falling out.  We have been using this toy for about 5 months, since my daughter got it as a christmas gift.  She really enjoyed the crayons and even coloring elmo.  The crayons are still holding up and haven't worn down as fast as the other reviewers said.  She did draw on our bathroom wall, though, which was a not too pleasant side effect of the tub crayons.  We have a plastic  tub and the crayons were not a problem as far as staining goes.", 5.0
"Overall it was nice while it lasted", 5.0
"This is a fantastic gift for children from 10 to 13.  My 11 (almost 12) year old absolutely loves it.  She took it to school to  her Social Studies and Science classes and the teachers both loved it and pulled a pop quiz on their students.  It is timely information and a great tool for teaching.", 4.0
"This is great.  It really gives some class to yahtzee-  no red plastic cup making alot of noise while someone rattles the dice.", 5.0
"It is great for travel since you do not have to worry about someone throwing the dice off the table.  Just roll them in the felt lined area.  It is quieter than the red cup.  Otherwise, the game is the same.", 5.0
"I liked this version.  It also looks attractive on a bookshelf rather than a loud red box.", 4.0
"One suggestion as an alternative-  if you want the game to travel and you cannot find anyone who loves the game as much as you do, check out the electronic version.  Also, with the electronic version, you do not have to keep up with score sheets.  The computer does all tha", 5.0
"I held out from buying this version of Yahtzee but eventually gave in because I love the game so much. What an attractive set! This Folio Edition zips open to reveal a handy pocket sleeve for both the instruction manual and a Deluxe Yahtzee scorepad, with room for another scorepad or two, a loop holding a pencil with "Yahtzee" in beautiful, shiny red letters and a sturdy built-in tray lined with red felt at the bottom. Dice holder compartments are conveniently positioned below the tray's recessed roll area. The dice are a glossy cream color, nicely designed and sized with bold black pips, and rounded corners. The dice cup is just the right size for the dice, shaded a beautiful red on the outside and felt-lined black inside. The zipper handle is covered with a firm, spongy material with the "Yahtzee" logo in raised letters making the zipper easier to grasp when opening or closing the folio. A wonderful touch!", 5.0
"The game's portable size ensures that you can take it and play anywhere, although the Folio when closed is a bit bulky. The game description claims that the felt-lined dice cup and dice tray softens the noise the dice makes, making play quieter. This is true for the dice cup and the dice tray bottom, but the dice tray is made of a hard plastic; if the dice hit the wall of the tray, it is a bit loud, but this is only a minor complaint, and makes less noise when fewer dice are tossed in the tray or if they are tossed in more gently. When you are finished playing, the game zips closed with ease and the dice fit in the dice holder compartments, but I prefer to keep them in a small plastic zipper bag designed for dice stored in the dice cup.", 5.0
"The game has a classy, elegant and sophisticated look and feel; the makers did a splendid job with the Yahtzee Folio Game, it is beautiful! The sturdy design and ease of play of this edition is excellent for both Yahtzee lovers and first time players at home or anywhere you wish to play", 4.0
"This is one of the games my friends and I played to death. It is very fun and simple, yet having some mathematical skills on probabilities doesn't hurt. The purpose of the game is to fill your score sheet as much as possible by making the different combinations required. The more you do the higher the score, and multiple yahtzee's (five of a kind) scores you bonuses. There are different editions of this game but this one is the best. Here is why:", 5.0
"REDESIGNED:  This edition of Yahtzee comes with a felt-lined cup and tray. Remember how loud it is to use the plastic cup in the original edition? Well now it's very quiet and the tray keeps the dice from going everywhere. The dice are over size which is a nice touch. It also has a dice keeper where you can place the dice you will not re-roll.", 5.0
"PLAYING MATERIALS: The folio comes with a score pad and an engraved pencil. But it also has room to store more pencils and pads. You can even store a Triple Yahtzee pad if you have any. Triple Yahtzee is kind of a Yahtzee Advanced that isn't sold anymore although you can still find the scoring pads and instructions on the net (which is all you need).", 4.0
"PORTABLE: You can drag this game anywhere. And since you can play solo it's great to take to your doctor's appointment. That is if you don't mind people asking where you got that cool Yahtzee game. It's perfect for travel and the zippered case is very nice and durable.", 5.0
"Overall the game is great and this folio edition is a must buy for any Yahtzee fan. By the way I saw someone once roll three yahtzees in a row and finish with ten yahtzees in a six round game. I know you can do better... if you try. Have Fun!", 5.0
"My step-daughter and I recently had to take a fairly long flight with a 2-hour "lay-over".  I bought this version of Yahtzee to take along since we both love the game.  It was perfect for use on the flight because it was neatly self contained; dice, score sheets, padded dice shaker and well lined pocket to shake them in to. Since it was so easy to take anywhere, we rarely got bored when my husband had business to take care of.  Watching her use strategy and taking what she learned from previous games was great.....it taught me a few things as well.  This is a perfect travel companion.  I'm buying another one for my son", 4.0
"Bought this game for my daughter who is 5 she loves it and it is not hard for her to play, nor is it boring for me to play with he", 1.0
"Just a really cute, mid level game that both of my kids can play.  My daughter is 5 and can play it on her own (against an opponent), it runs a little easier if my three year old plays on a team with his mom or dad.  Highly recommended", 5.0
"I loved Clue growing up, so when my mother asked me for gift ideas for my 8-year-old son, I suggested Clue Jr.", 5.0
"Among other board games geared to his age, he received Clue Jr. as a Christmas present and was THRILLED. (He likes mysteries just like his Mom!) Unfortunately, our glee was short-lived.", 5.0
"My brother's girlfriend, her 12-year-old son, my son, and I sat down to play this game. My brother's girlfriend read the instructions, and we tried to figure out what to do with the color coded stickers--and how to even BEGIN play. Now, let me just say that both of us are board game aficionados who played zillions of games of Clue in our day. I have a genius IQ and she's a pediatric nurse. In short, we ain't stupid.", 5.0
"Yet, even mid-game, we had a hard time figuring out how to move the game pieces, how to discover clues to mark off the checklist, and so on. You see, each player does NOT have a specific game piece as in regular Clue. Instead, you peel off small stickers to place under the white bases (the green "crumb" label indicating the culprit and five time labels) and yellow drink labels to the five yellow bases.", 5.0
"Then, you roll a color-coded die to determine if you should look under a yellow furniture pawn, under a white character pawn, or move ANY CHARACTER forward up to the number rolled on the dice. If a character lands on a yellow space, look at the bottom of the furniture piece that's in the room (for example, the plant on the patio). Then, secretly look under the furniture pawn that's next to that room.", 5.0
"Even now, as I'm re-reading the instructions, I'm having a hard time understanding what to do! (So it doesn't make for easy reviewing, let alone playing!) Not only that, there's not a lot of room on the game board for putting furniture pieces BESIDE a room...let alone IN it!", 5.0
"We were so frustrated and bored that all four of us agreed to quit--and play Pictionary Jr., instead.", 5.0
"If you're feeling nostalgic and are tempted to buy Clue Jr. for a child, RESIST THE URGE. You'll be wasting your money and time in my opinion. (We're returning the game this weekend, in fact.) The pieces are chintzy, the game play is confusing, and it doesn't even come with pencils", 5.0
"I love this new edition of Clue Jr.  It actually looks like Clue now.  My 5 year old is a little slow with the strategy, but she might do better playing against kids her own age instead of her older sister and her parents. :)", 5.0
"Easy to set up, no shuffling of cards, you put each of the characters on a "stand" that has a different time on the bottom of it and put different things in the room (like a plant or a pool table) on a stand that has a beverage on the bottom of it. The extra time and beverage stands go in the middle and you try to figure out what they are.", 5.0
"No one has a character so you can move anyone around the rooms making it more equal for everyone.  And you don't hold any cards in your hands so its easier for the kids to keep track of.  Still comes with clue sheets that have places to mark off what you find out.", 5.0
"My son received this game for Christmas and it is by far his favorite game.  He enjoys pretending to be a detective and the game is easy enough for him to play and understand.  I just have to figure out how to get more of the scoring sheets", 4.0
"My 2 sons are 3 1/2 and 5 years old and they both absolutely love this game.  We play it everyday.  They never seem to get bored with it.", 5.0
"Finally I found a Clue Junior version that has the original Clue atmosphere! This version comes with the famous Clue suspects and a classic looking board with differnt rooms. It's the perfect game to get my five year old daughter ready for the original Clue that she is so curious about", 5.0
"My daugther just received this game for her 4th birthday.  She played it once at a friend's house and had been talking about it ever since.  She was SO excited when she opened this present.  The game is so much fun.  It is a kids game that I actually like playing.  (nice to get a break from Candyland and Chute and Ladders) It is easy to figure out how to play -- just a matter of reading the directions, which are simply written and easy to understand.  The object of the game is to find out who ate the cake, what time they ate it and what they had to drink with it.  The figures slide into the disc shaped stands and which ever figure has the picture of cake crumbs is the one who ate it.  The stands slide off so the person who ate the cake is never the same.  It is similar to the original clue game in that you go to the different rooms etc.  It is just simplified.  The game is designed for 5-8 year olds but my daugther just turned 4 and loves playing it!  I do have to help her out a little but eventually she'll be able to play it with out my help.  When we're not playing the game, she loves to play "house" with the figures.  I'd recommend this for any young dectective or any parent who is looking for a break from other child games", 5.0
"My son received this set for his eighth birthday.  It was frustrating for him, as well as myself, at first as the rods have to really be pushed hard into the balls in order for your creations to not fall apart easily.  Afer hours of working with the set we have found it to be truly contagious.  He has made some really amazing &quot;buildings&quot; and never wants to dismantel them so the 900+ piece set is very handy to have.  I have a hard time seeing the price value in this product.  It appears to be a very inexpensive product to manufacture and it sells for a fairly steep price", 5.0
"Zome is a great step beyond knex -- at least as far as geometry and shape exploration.  Very durable and well made!!", 4.0
"We bought this game last Christmas and have really enjoyed playing.  The kids (10 and 13) beg for it.  Settlers seems a little confusing at first, but that's only if you try to jump in without thoroughly reading the instructions!!  The interactive nature of the game is wonderful and the fresh board arrangement for each session keeps things fun and interesting", 5.0
"While I wouldn't consider myself an expert on games, I certainly play my share of them, and have freinds who take gaming seriously. Settler's of Catan became our favorite when we opened the box and remains so to this day. The various expansions you can buy for this game (Knights, Seafarers, etc.) only make it more enjoyable and strategic. There is the right balance of strategy, luck, complexity and risk in the game, which makes it so enjoyable. The aspect of trading resources with other players--the interactivity of it--also sets it apart.", 2.0
"The only downside is that it takes at least 90 minutes to play a game, longer the more people are playing. But it's well worth the investment. I really can't say anything else about the game in a negative way. It's fun with friends, it's fun with your family. All right, enough already...I gotta go play", 5.0
"This is an excellent game but it is much better with the cities and knights expansion. I haven't tried the seafarers expansion yet, but I would imagine that would add another dimension that added to the fun level. (Although the manual does note that only certain scenarios in the seafarers can be added with cities and knights due to the fact that it would be too hard to protect against barbarian attacks and fully explore the sea)", 5.0
"The neat thing about this game is the island is different every time due to the island tiles that can be shuffled upside down before they are turned over and placed. Players start the game by placing settlements and roads near the resource tiles. The tiles are covered with randomly drawn numbers and people receive resources based on whether the number on their resource tile is rolled on the dice.", 5.0
"The goal of the game is to attain 10 pts before anyone else by building more roads, cities or armies (this is harder than it sounds). Fighting each other is really not an element of this game. The army is built by drawing "soldier" cards and having more of these cards than other people. The biggest component of this game is the bartering. Some people will have more of one kind of resource than others, and everyone needs to be cooperative on some level in bargaining in order to build. The key is not helping your opponent too much while not making an enemy.", 1.0
"My niece who is 7 years old was able to pick up the rules of catan right away.  The knights expansion with probably take her a little longer but I see no problems with her being able to play on her own eventually.", 5.0
"If I remember correctly, I think the box says the game takes 2 hours. It takes my family more like 3-4 hours to play a game. Learning the rules for the knights expansion turned the game into an 8 hour game, but I am sure now that we know the rules it will go down back to a 3-4 hour game.", 4.0
"The biggest downside to this game is how critical it is in the beginning to choose where to place your settlements. Depending on what numbers are rolled the most next to the resources will determine who gets the most resources. This can lean the advantage more towards certain players.", 4.0
"There are also things called development cards which can be purchased with resources which add a component to the game. They can be used to steal resources from other players, build roads without spending resources, etc.", 5.0
"The game pieces are made of wood, and the island tiles are made of a sturdy cardboard.", 5.0
"This is an enjoyable game, but far simpler than I expected, and I enjoyed the added dimensions of the knights expansion because it added barbarian attacks against the island and the ability to purchase knights to protect the island. The knights can also chase the robber away and block others roads. There are also more interesting cards that can be drawn (progress cards) that add more action to the game. It seems easier to get more resource cards. Overall, there just seems to be a lot more ways to win the game and much more action each hand. There are a lot of rules in the expansion and it is a little challenging at first to remember all of them, but regardless, i would still buy the knights expansion right away along with this game. With the expansion I would rate this over 5 stars.", 4.0
"Makes you hate your friends and develope feuds.  When my roomate in college presented this game to us, we all laughed.  Then we played it and now we can't get enough.  Probably the greatest board game around.  It does develope feuds between you and your friends.  In the end though everybody is cool,and it is an enjoyable experience.  Frustrating, difficult, and great.  Settlers is flat out the best board game ever", 5.0
"So uncomplicated that our six-year old can play, but so well-designed that it remains fun for our teenagers as well as for us parents.  Acquiring resources is just hard enough that you must cooperate with the other players - there's no way just to "go around GO" and accumulate property - you've got to maintain a trading posture throughout the game.  Your choices of how to develop are close, and since the board representing the geography of the island is set up differently each time, players need to be flexible in approaching each session.", 5.0
"Several expansion kits are available, "Cities of Catan" is one we purchased and enjoyed", 5.0
"My kids and their friends love playing this game.  It's a game of strategy", 1.0
" I went online looking for something unique in a board-type game.  There I discovered the Settlers of Catan.  I bought it for my 13-year-old daughter thinking that it was probably not going to be her favorite game (she's more of a mall shopping kind of girl). Well, our entire family LOVES IT!!! We began playing it Christmas day and can't stop.  I am so glad I got the Seafares expansion as it adds a wonderful new dimension and strategy to the game.  Highly fun, highly addictive and the best Christmas present I shared this year", 1.0
"BUY THIS! We were given the card version of this game as a gift and were so addicted we purchased the board game version which is even more fun (but better for 3+ players). Anyone who visits at our house gets hooked as well. The card game is good for 2 players and makes a good gift at about $15-20, the board game is more like $30-40 but totally worth it. We have also invested in some of the expansion sets and a computer version. Don't let the rules bog you down in the begining, you will enjoy this game!", 1.0
"I received this game as a gift.  Previously, I had thought about purchasing it, but opted out because I had read comments about it before.  Sooo, when I got it as a gift I thought, What do I have to lose?  I attempted to play it in one DVD player.  As soon as it got to the menu part, the darn thing just shut off!  After trying this several times, I decided to try it in another DVD player, a newer one, and found that I could make it to the menu, but I couldn't scroll through the cases!  I am so disappointed that I never got to actually play the game! I also feel bad for the person who bought it for me because they knew how much I enjoy the show and was trying to make me happy. It is called DEAL OR NO DEAL, and I got the NO DEAL.  Anyway, I would highly recommend not buying this game.  I think I am going to stick to board games for awhile.", 1.0
"Really 0 (zero) stars but not an option. This game was awful on the DVD player but found that if you could keep it from freezing up on an X-Box, it moved a little quicker...until it froze.  What's wrong with it?  I don't think I read one good review and wished I had investigated before buying the second one after thinking maybe I just got a bad one the first time.  Why does everyone buy two?", 5.0
"I was a bit hesitant about purchasing this game after reading some of the negative comments, but since my wife & I are big fans of the show, I decided to take a chance. We purchased two games, one for our daughter & her husband and one for us. We have enjoyed this game and have had no problems with the game "freezing". The DVD game is a lot slower than the actual show and the makers could have made it more user friendly. It is a little tedious having to scroll through the cases but it's still a fun game to play.", 5.0
"The process of scrolling to choose case numbers was very slow and we quickly lost interest", 4.0
"Game is fun, but is slow in trying to choose numbers", 5.0
"In the past 4 months, we played with this twice. It has poor graphics and slow response time. I really didn't expect a whole lot for the price, but the pictures are grainy and hardly recognizable. It isn't exciting and my daughter learns more watching the show. I am disappointed since I really hoped for a little better in this kind of game.", 5.0
"We just bought this for our three year old granddaughter for Christmas. (she will be four in January). She loved it. She also has a little brother (1) and it was something that she could do all by herself while mommy had to feed  brother. The biggest hit was  she had her video game just like daddys. The only problem that we have found with it is we can not find the key that they talk about on the package to get more games. This is troubling because other video games now come with two keys . Dora  you have to buy the key seperate and not everyone has them not even toys r us. But I would still buy this Dora game .My granddaugther loves it.", 5.0
"i just bought this for my daughters 3rd bday and she loves it. the grafics are good considering that its just a plug in and play game. good quality though. the games are easy enough for her to understand and its already midnight and i still cant get her off. i would recomend this to any parent. also teaches shapes and matching plus taking turns and sharing. it has a built in board game.", 4.0
"I bought this item for my 3 year old daughter and she loves it.  Her room was one of her less favorite places in the house, until this game arrived. It has so many different cool adventures that she can't seem to put it down, it keeps her entertained for hours.", 4.0
"This game includes: Dig Dig Dig.. A tunnel through dirt and stones and reach the bottom before Swiper the fox. Steer clear of the reaaly big rocks!  River River Race Adventure.. How quickly can you race Swiper the Fox down the river?  Saltador, the jumping star will help you jump over frogs, crocodiles and whirlpools. Rainbow Balloon Race... Sail across the sky rescuing stars and butterflies from Swipers bubble machine. Avoid the grumpy rain clouds along the way! Puzzle Bridge Repair... Oh,no! Swiper the Fox has remove pieces of the bridge and mix them up.  Will you help return each piece?.", 1.0
"Another cool thing about this game is that up to 4 players can play to help solve puzzles, win races and stop Swiper the fox.  This game is early childhood intended for children 5 and older.  My 3 year old has her 10 and 9 year old sisters on her side to help her along the way.", 5.0
"This game was definately worth it and I would highly recommend to all who are thinking of purchasing one.  This is definately going to be one of the most requested for Christmas so dont wait till it's sold out buy now", 5.0
"I LOVE THE TOMAGOTCHI V4!!!  ALTHOUGH I AM 23 WHICH IS SAD, THIS TOY IS GREAT TO PLAY WITH. I WOULD RECOMEND THIS TOY TO EVERYONE", 5.0
"My 11 yo DD wanted a Tamagotchi really bad so we made a deal she did a bunch of chores and she could have it. Well, I had no idea it was THAT popular. Not one store in our area had it. I found it on Amazon and for the same price sold in the stores. I got a second one to give to her friend for her birthday and got free shipping as well. Works great and all the kids at school want one now", 5.0
"Other than being larger than I would have liked, this toy is fantastic. My 2.5 year old is obsessed with pushing buttons. Remotes, cell phones, you name it. We've been trying to teach him the alphabet since he was about a year old, with limited success. The child doesn't doesn't have the attention span for anything we've tried (flash cards, drawing, associating with words, etc). He'd watch DVDs like Leap Frog's Letter Factory, but there was still no visable improvement.", 1.0
"We had picked up a little kiddie laptop during our time here in Holland, but it only speaks in Dutch. We realized that while nothing we did was helping, he was getting very good with the Dutch version of the alphabet (same letters, different sounds for most) and was engrossed with this laptop.", 5.0
"My husband and I talked about it and nostalgia brought up the old Speak N' Spells we had as children of the 80s. We soon found out they have been discontinued, so I came to Amazon to hunt for something similar and found this product.", 4.0
"Two weeks of ownership later and my son is now very good at not only recognizing the alphabet, but also the words that it teaches and basic shapes. I actually heard the machine praising over and over again last night and went searching for my son and my husband, who I was certain was helping him.", 4.0
"Imagine my surprise when my son was sitting alone and doing it all by himself. I was so terribly proud and impressed.", 2.0
"We've put a piece of tape over the speaker, as a note, because it is terribly loud and has no volume control, but it's a small price to pay for how much it's taught my child in so little time", 4.0
"In the battle of metru nui ,the six toa hordika stops the visorak from getting inside the gates when they finally unraveled the problem they go to the gates of metru nui to stop them in leauge with the toa hordika named Vakama, whats more worse of the visorak the leader that they are leading is the most powerfullest visorak of all , now the toa must stop the visosrak to save metru nui. packed with bigger features a spinner will gaured them but, thats not all, metru nui has launching fireballs to defeat the visorak army and remember that it is in your hands that who will lose and who will be able to win the battle of metru nui", 2.0
"I bought the puzzle for my autistic nephew and he likes it as much as his other favorites", 4.0
"My nephew loved his puzzle.  It is the shape of a Farm and the peices are huge so that he has no touble manipulating them.  He just turned 3 so it is a little difficult for him but we put it together 7 times in a row after he opened it for Christmas", 4.0
"I bought this for my 3 year old goddaughter.  I helped her put it together and I enjoyed it as much as she did.  It is an excellent product and I highly recommend this.  The colors were fantastic, pieces were easy to put together, and also sturdy.", 4.0
"I purchased this puzzle for my three year old. He enjoys putting the puzzle together all by himself (with VERY sturdy puzzle pieces) and naming the animals in the barn. The illustration is beautiful, and the pieces are a great size for toddlers/pre-schoolers. Every Melissa & Doug toy that we have purchased has been of excellent quality, and very appealing to my son; this puzzle continues that tradition. I know that this will be played with over and over again", 5.0
"My son received this puzzle for his 3rd birthday and he loves it! He is a puzzle fanatic and has quite a stack of them. This is the one he selects the most. Like a previous reviewer said, he likes to put it together in sections, which is really neat to see.", 4.0
"I like how thick the pieces are. So many other puzzles of his have bent pieces that no longer fit together properly. Hasn't been an issue with this one yet. And considering how often he puts it together, that is a great sign", 4.0
"My son received this puzzle as a gift for his third birthday.  Right away he wanted to put it together.  At first I had to tell him where every piece went but it wasn't long before he wanted to put together certain areas (like the cows and horse) together by himself.  Within a few weeks he was putting it all together without help.", 5.0
"Because the topic is interesting and there aren't many solid colored areas, this puzzle is great for stimulating the minds of toddlers and preschoolers without being overwhelming.", 5.0
"I would highly recommend this puzzle and other similar puzzles.  Don't be fooled by the fact that some puzzles have large pieces.  That doesn't mean a young preschooler will be able to discern colors and patterns.  Look for puzzles like this one where it is easy to break down into sections.  Again, a great puzzle", 5.0
"My 2 year old son just received this for his birthday.  He thinks it's ok, but my 3 year old daughter absolutely LOVES it!  As soon as she's done putting it together, she takes it apart and puts it together again.", 5.0
"I hope that Santa brings her more Melissa and Doug floor puzzles for Christmas", 5.0
"I purchased this for my 2+ year old daughter who is an AVID Dora fan.  She can't put it down.  Every time the doll says one of her friend's name- she starts jumping up and clapping. It's very easy to program - you don't even have to take the doll out of the box to do so. You can also change what you've programmed at any time which is also extremely easy. The doll itself is very durable and the sound is very clear when the doll speaks. Great investment", 1.0
"My 4 yo Daughter loves her talking Dora Doll that Santa brought her.  Dora can remember friends names, favorite foods like pb&j and hot chocolate.  She plays guessing games and "can you find games".  My daughter talks back to her just like a real friend.  While eating diner at 6pm last night Dora exclaimed "Allison I'm hungery, let's eat!"  My daughter giggled and said "silly Dora we're already eating".  Every few evenings I take Dora to the computer to change-up her settings.  When Allison hears something new she gets so excited and brings Dora to me saying "Did you hear that mom she knows...".  Allison would have rated Dora 5 stars for sure.  The only reason I gave her 4 stars is that I purchased Dora because of the daily planner idea.  I was hoping that Dora would remind Allison when it's time to brush her teeth and practice violin or clean her room.  The daily planner only gives choices of: wake up, breakfast, nap time, lunch, dinner,& bedtime.  It would be nice if you could type in other options.", 4.0
"All in all it was definatly worth the money.  I was afraid that it was going to be one of those things that sounds good in theory but doesn't really work.  And though it doesn't have the daily planner options, Dora has hundreds of other options to keep my 4 yo entertained for a very long time.", 5.0
"ps: This is the ONLY "doll" that my little girl has ever played with. :", 5.0
"My daughter loved it, then lost interest in her and has started playing with her again 9 months later. A little high priced I think, but still very cute.", 4.0
"My daughter loved this doll.  We gave it to her for her 2nd birthday and she was so ecstatic when Dora said her name. I agree with a previous review that you do have to update the information quite frequently or Dora will keep repeating the same things over and over.  The information did take up a lot of space on my computer, but you will be blown away at the options that come with this doll.  She knows your childs name, friends name, favorite: food, color, animal, song.  She is also on a timer.  She'll say things like "time to get up," "time for a nap," "time to go to bed," etc.  It really is cute!  Excellent quality too.  Comes with everything you need, definetly worth the Money!", 5.0
"To me the only downfall was having to update information so often.  Which you don't have to, but children change their minds so often, that you will probably have to", 5.0
"This doll is perfect! How many dolls can you say is educational, encourages your child, and knows your child's name? My 3 1/2 year old just loves it!  I was worried it wouldn't know her name but it did! Your child won't have to worry about being lonely or having an imaginary friend because this doll will become her best friend!!", 4.0
"I bought this toy for my 3 yr daughter. You must buy from the stone and not online. The store has a computer where you can type in your child's name and it tells you which of the three interactive dolls has your child's name in the software", 1.0
"as my little girl open up dora ,she was saying her name,and her eyes lite up ,she did not know how she knew her.just to see to look on her face was worth every penny", 5.0
"I was excited to buy this toy for my 16 month old daughter intill I was programming dora.  While programing the doll it would not take in her name or any other name that was not on the list", 5.0
"I PURCHASED THIS SNAKE FOR MY SON'S 6TH BIRTHDAY.  I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED IN THIS ITEM.  FOR STARTERS, THE SNAKE DOES NOT MOVE VERY EASILY.  YOU HAVE TO MAKE SURE YOU ARE ONLY ON HARDWOOD, AND EVEN THEN, IT IS SOMEWHAT DIFFICULT TO CONTROL. THE REMOTE CONTROL HAS A VERY LONG ANTENNA, WHICH THE KIDS HAVE TO BE VERY CAREFUL WITH.  IT IS UNUSUALLY LONG FOR SUCH A SMALL REMOTE TOY! ALSO, THE SECOND NIGHT HE HAD IT, THE SNAKE BROKE.  WE ALREADY HAD PROBLEMS WITH THE LAST JOINT OF THE SNAKE COMING OFF.  THAT IS NOT A BIG DEAL, IT SNAPS BACK IN.  BUT AS HE WAS PLAYING WITH THIS SNAKE, IT ACTUALLY CAME APART.  NOW, IT IS ONLY HELD TOGETHER BY THE WIRES.  MY HUSBAND IS TRYING TO REPAIR IT.  I SAW THE TOY BREAK, OUR SON WASN'T BEING ROUGH WITH IT, IT IS JUST VERY VERY POORLY MADE.  IT IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY TO BUY.  I FEEL THAT I SHOULD COME UP WITH ANOTHER BIRTHDAY PRESENT FOR OUR SON, SINCE THIS ONE BARELY LASTED PAST HIS SPECIAL DAY!", 4.0
"This breakfast foods set is so realistic. My 2 year old granddaughter loves to pretend she shopped for the food in her "basket" and then cooks it for us to eat. The selection is healthy too! Thanks for making such a quality product", 5.0
"My grandchildren have had a ball playing with this food. The only drawback is the butter isn't actually on the pancake so I have to put it up so my youngest grandsons won't try and eat it", 5.0
"This set is very cute. It seems pretty durable, although my 1 yr. old threw the orange juice cup across the room, and the "juice" came unattached from the cup. Nothing a little super glue couldn't fix. I like this better than the 100 piece sets of tiny junk that always end up underfoot", 1.0
"This is so cute! I think the St. Bernard is the cutest, but I love them all! They are so cute and inexpencive. There are a few moderate cons, though:", 5.0
"1. Cat sometimes falls over.", 5.0
"2. Pieces can get lost easly.", 4.0
"3. If you put the collar on the St.Bernard, his head doesn't bobble.", 5.0
"4. On the illustration of the bunny, he hes the ice skates on. But the ice skates don't fit him!", 1.0
"Even with those cons in the way, this is one of my favorite LPS's.", 5.0
"I love These littlest pets shops! They are adorable and portable! the only thing that bothers me is that when you try to put the collar on the dog the collar breaks! Plus i can't put them in my pocket or my purse because they get scratched or their heads pop off. :( but otherwise, i love them!", 5.0
"My 5 year old plays with these for hours", 5.0
"My daughter loves Littlest Pet Shop items.  They are so cute and small and not too pricey", 4.0
"I think this is a very educational toy. It's fun cute but only for ages 4&up. Why not buy it? Only $9.9", 4.0
"Mace Windu's legendary lightsaber was unique due to its purple crystals/blade.  Subsequently, one of the first Force FX sabers I sought out from Master Replicas was this one.  The appearance of the elegant hilt did not disappoint.  Being one of the older Force FX sabers, it is slightly heavier/bulkier than the newer ones, and it takes 6 AA batteries instead of 3 AA or 3 AAA as the newer ones do.  And unlike the typical blue, green or red Force FX lightsabers, the color is not as striking because they did not use purple LED lights.  Perhaps in the future, a newer model, sleeker, lighter, brighter, with purple LEDs will be made...", 5.0
"The sound effects are adequate, perhaps not as sharp/crisp as the newer sabers.  The polycarbonate blade is sturdy, good enough for light-duty dueling. Nevertheless, this is one of the more unique designs (Master Replicas has often been chided for coming out with sabers that are too similar in design), and the entire line of Force FX sabers does not really disappoint.  For Star Wars fans, a Force FX saber is a must for your inner Jedi..", 5.0
"I bought this "toy" as a Christmas present for my 11 years old son, and I think that it is of excellent quality. My son still plays with it and it really looks and sound like a real light saber from the movies", 4.0
"I currently own three of these lightsabers by Master Replicas: The Anakin Skywalker (Blue) blade, the Darth Vader (Red) blade, and the Mace Windu (Purple) blade. For more information on the Anakin model or the Vader model, please check my comparisons of those products in the Darth Vader FX Lightsaber reviews. I loved these replicas so much that one just couldn't be enough.....but because they cost an average of $70.00 to $120.00 each, I had to budget myself and purchase them individually over a three month span. First the good points:", 5.0
"The first thing I noticed is that the saber does have the proper weight to make it feel like the real thing and is well-detailed with silver and gold highlights. I loved the fact that it doesn't have a huge, bulbous on/off switch right in the middle of the hilt as you do with the others. The switch would actually be difficult to find if I didn't have the yellow decal pasted on it saying ON/OFF. You must continue to be careful with it, however, because you can still accidentally turn it off while using it (Very annoying).", 5.0
"Now the bad:", 5.0
"The bad things are that the Mace Windu model requires 6 AA batteries (The others only take 3). The saber ignites with a cool snap-hiss but ALL the sound effects are IDENTICAL to the blue Anakin model (At least the Vader model has different sound effects than the others). I also noticed that the blue Anakin sabers' sounds are much crisper/clearer than on the Mace Windu purple blade. That brings me to another good point: The purple blade itself is not as distinctive as the others. Even in low light it looks more white than purple. You have to hold the blue blade right next to the purple blade to really see a noticable difference. Could each of them vary? It's possible.....but my own saber's purple color is a little disappointing: Bright? YES. Purple? SORTA. All in all, if I had known all this before I made the purchase I'm not sure if I would have bought it (Maybe the green Luke Skywalker model instead). Maybe this is why the Mace Windu model is cheaper than all the rest? Who knows. I give this one 4 out of 5 stars", 5.0
"I received this product as a gift for my young nephew.  When it was received (very close to Christmas); I shook the ball and shook the ball and shook the ball for it to reveal a "psychic answer" only to reveal that the liquid the answers were in where entirely too dark to read the "answer".  The point of the product being a toy was gone!  Thankfully, I had other gifts to present and he decided just to use it as a knick knack in his bedroom since it is a baseball", 5.0
"The yu-gi-oh duel disk is a great product!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"It helps with life points !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Dear  Parents", 5.0
"Buy this for your son and/or daughter just don`t check the price even if it is cheap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 4.0
"Soren Swanholm Texas", 4.0
"I've had this Dual Disk for more than a year, and this is what I have to say:", 5.0
"1. If you are going to play with this item, you'd better make sure your friends have one, otherwise it's not much fun by yourself.", 5.0
"2. Many people complain that you cannot put cards in protectors into the slots, but you have to realize this would make it hard for regular cards to be played.", 5.0
"3. Many item descriptions call this a "Dual Disk Launcher" that "Launches your cards." I will tell you right now that this item does not launch your cards, but it does fold outwards from "standby" to dual mode, which might have been what they were referring to.", 5.0
"4. People say that your cards will get bent, but not if you play with them carefully.", 4.0
"Pros:", 5.0
"~Fun to play with a friend who has one", 5.0
"~Just like in the show!", 5.0
"~Can hold just about all the different types of cards", 5.0
"~It folds outwards into battle position", 5.0
"~It has a life point counter", 5.0
"Cons:", 5.0
"~The Graveyard slot does not hold very much cards and I find myself haveing to empty it and place those cards aside while I refill it", 5.0
"~The Graveyard slot is very slightly too skinny to fit the width of your yu-gi-oh cards, so cards do get bent while they're in it, but they come out fine in the end", 5.0
"~The Dual Disk's "Standby Mode" is not very compact: The two halves hang out very far and can be annoying. Plus, It looks a little silly in standby, battle mode is cool (in the show the 2 halves retract in slightly, then extend out and fold together)", 5.0
"~The Deck zone doesn't hold a ton of cards, but if your deck is a reasonable size, and not too big, it should fit just fine.", 5.0
"Overall, I am very pleased with the toy, and I think that some people have critisized it a little too much. It's not easy to make this sort of thing into a toy, and I'm surprised that mattel even did it (and still have it look cool). Just remember that either you'll want to get 2, or make sure your friend has one, because these are no fun by themselves", 5.0
" I am 15 and I got my duel disk at Doller General for $10. It is so much fun! It has a life point counter, hold your deck and graveyard cards!", 4.0
"My 5 year old loves this toy!  It's fairly easy to operate and seems sturdy enough for its intended use", 5.0
"I like it so much I never want to stop playing with it.  I can duel really good with it", 5.0
"this duel disk is like the best toy the only bad thing is that it doesnt fit cards with cases and the magic and traps go through the top not the bottom this is still a great toy. the academy duel disk is better cause it does fit cards with cases and the magic and trap cards go through the bottom not top. if you have good cards in cases gat the academy duel disk on www.toywiz.com , but if you have not so good cards get this duel disk. this is a good toy but its not everythin", 5.0
"Yhis thing is a pice of CRAP. The graveyard holds no more than 25 cards.It is not educational cuz it dose the counting for you,and when you fold it back to walk with it it jumps back at you in 3 seconds. Trust me you are better off with out this thing", 1.0
"It never worked... right out of the box it malfunctioned. ended up on the shelf. It started all by itself, then just died again", 5.0
"What a hit with the under-5 age group.  However, Dad wanted his turn and enjoyed the drive, too", 1.0
"great item for my 18 mos grandson. they will last for a long time as they r wood. and the little knobs on each help him pick them up. great item and the best price is on amazon.com..at least 1/2 of", 1.0
"I got 3 of these puzzles for my 18mo old boy, he mastered them in a day. It seems, the age rating is a bit too conservative. Still, he had lots of fun intentionally mismatching the pieces. One problem, the top paper layer immediately comes off if a piece gets wet", 5.0
"This is one of the best, if not the best, limited edition box around. The promos along with three packs are easily worth 15 dollars together. The promos are each worth using in a tournament. Along with a guaranteed foil, you get three packs of cards. The Lost Millenium was a great pack for duelists, because of The Ancient Gear Golem and Beast, and of course the staple, Brain Control. If you're an experienced duelist, or just giving this as a gift to a duelist you know, I can think of no better deal than this", 5.0
"YU GI OH ROCKS IT'S SO FUN AND I'M A GIRL! I LOVE THE SHOW TO I COLLECT YU GI OH CARDS THERE SO FUN!!!!", 5.0
"Not only does it come with three packs but it comes with a really good varient card. Granted you might not get great cards in the packs but it's totally random what you get. A neseccity for any Yu-Gi-Oh! fan", 5.0
"I bought both the Deluxe Spirograph and the Curiosity Kit Mystery Spin Doodles.  I like them both, but the Spirograph is better-made.", 5.0
"SPIROGRAPH:", 5.0
"Sturdy plastic that gives slightly", 4.0
"Holder for your gears (interchangeable completely w/Curiosity Kit version)", 5.0
"Square, SMALL circular, and jellybean shaped edges", 5.0
"Pen holder and pen", 4.0
"Sturdy plastic stencil with many designs, and see-through", 5.0
"paper included", 5.0
"CURIOSITY KIT:", 5.0
"Hard plastic (the kind that splinters easily)", 4.0
"Hard plastic gears (interchangeable with Spirograph version)", 4.0
"Circle edge only", 1.0
"3 markers", 5.0
"cardboard stencil with very small cutouts", 4.0
"cardboard included to draw on", 4.0
"mystery circles to trace and get surprise drawings from", 5.0
"dial to use with another clear stencil that you trace and click", 4.0
"clear flimsy stencil with cutouts for designs (the plastic is the kind that covers toothbrushes or packages of pens with a cardboard backing)", 5.0
"They are both good in their own ways.  The Spirograph is definately better quality.  The Curiosity Kit is only good because I have replacement disks now, and it comes with a bigger drawing circle.  The Curiosity Kit has no storage compartment or rubber feet, and will definately break if dropped (at twice the cost).  However, if you want two toys in one, the Curiosity Kit comes with the clicking dial so you can also use the plastic stencil to make other designs.", 5.0
"I am DEFINATELY happy with the Spirograph, and it works just like I expected.  You can't make a design if you're trying to be speedy, but I don't think that should be expected.  It is a great toy", 5.0
"My son received this for his birthday today.  I had already read enough reviews that influenced my decision NOT to get it for Christmas... and boy were those reviews right on target!  This is cheaply made... the gears don't stay on, the paper slips, and it's almost impossible to make a nice drawing, even for a mom, nevermind my 5 & 7 year old.  Hasbro MUST go back to the old construction on these!  They were a fantastic toy back before Hasbro bought it out.  Boo, I'm sad, and I will be sending Hasbro a letter telling them what I think too", 5.0
"I just got this for my 4 yr old and he loves it.  It does take a bit of practice on how to hold the pen, but he caught on real fast.", 4.0
"I am a 37-year-old artist and the mother of a 4-year-old.  I, too, remember the original, truly classic Spirograph product--originally manufactured by Kenner (which is part of the problem with its current iteration, I suspect).  To call this current model "Deluxe" is a cruel joke.  I would recommend a Klutz product (a relatively new company with a sterling reputation for quality, by the way) instead.  "The Spiral Draw Book" by Doug Stillinger (published by Klutz and available through Amazon.com)is not nearly as elaborate as the old spirograph, with all of its cool, gimmicky-shaped gears.  And at $19.95, the Klutz product is certainly more expensive--but it works!!", 5.0
"Klutz says that it is "not intended for children under 8 years".  My 4-year-old daughter does require sustained assistance with it, but she *loves* it.  I do, too!!  The marketing geniuses at Hasbro should pull their heads out of their collective rear end and tap into the HUGE market of nostalgia-tripping parents (and grandparents) made up of discriminating people like ourselves.", 5.0
"If you still have an insatiable jones for the late-60s Kenner original, go to eBay!!  You'll need deep pockets for the first-edition or "mint-in-box" versions, but you can pick it up pretty cheap if all you want is something with the original parts that works.", 4.0
"What a HUGE disppointment this item is!  Absoultly NOTHING like the original classic I had as a child some 25 years ago.  Hasbro should be ashamed of themselves for turning out this junky, cut-rate, knockoff.  I am sorry I did not read any reviews before my mother spent $10 on this for her grandsons.  My 4-year old nephew first went to use it on Christmas Day and the ball in the pen was faulty so the pen did not work.  The meger handful of only round gears are too thin and cheaply made to track correctly.  The paper slides all around under the frame. I have nothing good to say about this product", 5.0
"I am so seriously disappointed with this version of Spirograph.", 5.0
"The old model had a squire and long Popsicle type disk along with several other drawing disks.", 5.0
"The problem with this model is the prongs do not hold the disks in place very well.  This causes the disk to slide under the drawing stencil.   Oh and you only have three different drawing stencils/outlines unlike the old model. When I was young my sister (who is 9 years older than me) and I loved this "toy" and we would draw for literally hours. It was cool for every age group!  I was so excited to see this in the "deluxe" version. My son was frustrated with this model in about one minute so I tried it out and I gave up after a few tries as well. Honestly, I ( a 40 year old lady) bought it for myself and just pretended it was for my son.  Although, this is not an expensive toy.... It is NOT worth your money ... it truly does not work well.... and I am really sad about that!", 5.0
" I got this toy a couple of days ago and I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT! It is so much more realistic looking than my other baby born comfort seat. All though I dont have a baby born I had one before but I sold it at a garage sale. So I use It for my berenguar baby doll. And it even has the buckle that goes across the shoulder like a real babies car seat!!!! DEFFINATELY WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!", 4.0
"My four year old received this seat as a Christmas gift and she just loves it.  She uses it for her new Cabbage Patch baby.  It is the perfect size.  It is lightweight and the handle makes it very easy to carry.  I love it because it does not have any batteries or accessories that would break and need replacing.  The little animals embroidered on the fabric are adorable.  It is very well made and looks very similar to a real infant carrier.  I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a doll carrier.  It is a much better alternative to the high priced American girl items", 5.0
"This cube is awesome! After I bought a sticker Rubik's Cube, I was very disappointed with how the stickers peeled off after a week of using it. But the inventors of this cube are clever by choosing to use tiles instead. As long as you're careful with this cube (make sure the cube is aligned before turning), you should have a blast trying to solve the different sides. It's definitely a toy fun for the whole family", 5.0
"This is probably one of the best cubes out there. I personally am experienced with 3x3x3s, 4x4x4s, and 5x5x5s, and this one is definitely on my list of favorites. The tiles are definitely superior to regular stickers, allowing one to be very versatile when cubing. This cube is not only for beginners but those who are very experienced speed-cubers. I wish I had started out with this cube, but I definitely love it now", 4.0
"This cube is so much better than the sticker cubes.  It's old-fashioned and reminds you of the beginnings of a Rubik's cube.  I would definitely recommend this cube as a good alternative to a Nintendo", 5.0
"I ordered this for my 9 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it!It requires some adult help to get going, but was well worth the money", 4.0
"I gave this to my 8 year old granddaughter for Christmas.  She asked for things that have to do with science.  She LOVES this kit!!  Her mother says she works with it every day and hurries through her homework so she can have time to take fingerprints and use the kit to solve her family's "mysteries"!  I highly recommend this kit for any child 8 years and older who likes to explore his/her universe", 5.0
"What makes this monopoly version special is the Large Tokens and the difeerent styles of houses and hotels. I love how they made the tokens bigger and heavier. The are also about four different styles of houses and hotels for a little variety in housing. The money holder has felt on it to make it a little more fancy then standard plastic and of course the case is metal instead of the standard cardboard box. Other than that it is the same game. The only complaint I had is that I thought looking at the tin on the  shelf that it was a silver and gld colored tin, but it is only siver. The gold is only on the plastic around the tin.", 5.0
"Its a fun game...not any different from the original except the pieces are cooler and it also comes with a history of the game.", 4.0
"We are monopoly collectors, and this is one of the better ones", 5.0
"More often than not, my wife and I usually end up playing games with one another as opposed to a larger group of people. Some games that we buy end up being much more fun with friends and family, but are of only limited interest for two players. Target is NOT one of those games...it works beautifully for two people. In addition, it has several other fantastic advantages over many other games:", 5.0
"- you can remove "target" cards if you'd like to control the length of the game (just take some out if you want a shorter game)", 4.0
"- you are never really "out" of the game, even if you seem to be trailing", 5.0
"- it is very, very easy to learn and remember the rules", 5.0
"- it makes you think and strategize, but not due to complicated rules", 4.0
"- it is very travel-friendly, consisting of just a deck of cards", 5.0
"Like other reviewers here, I love the game and can't recommend it enough. It's our "go to" game whenever we have half an hour to relax with a game.", 5.0
"My children and I love to play games together, and Target is one of our favorites. The combination of strategy and luck makes it a fun game, and while I find it challenging enough, the younger players catch on and get competitive quickly.  We especially enjoy seeing who will earn the highest-ever score on one turn.  When my children get married I'm giving them a gift of the games we loved best so they can have the same enjoyment with their own children, and Target will definitely be included in that gift", 4.0
"I am a card game collector. I came across this card game a while back and it caught my attention. Instructions are very easy and the game is real fun. My friends come over my place all the time and usually every one wants to get a turn. The best way I have found to make every one happy is to have one group playing target and the other playing Phase 10 (which is similar)with a slight twist. I recommend this game to every on", 4.0
"My family and my kids friends all love this game. We play it every chance we get. The kids (13 & 14 yr.old boys) even choose this over Playstation sometimes. Around here that seldom happens with other games", 5.0
"Target is a game that requires some strategy and some luck.  We have played Phase 10 a lot and Target requires a little more thinking than Phase 10.  We use it with our international students and it's good for building vocabulary and it also moves fast enough that people don't get bored.  I think you'll find this game is worth the price and a good addition to your family game closet", 1.0
"This is an excellent educational card game for the children to play with their family. Children ages 7 and up will enjoy competing with their friends and family members.  The game teaches children how to think logically while solving at least four attributes.  Teams or groups of six or more can play this fast pace game. The game can be modified for children under 7 by using only 2 attributes", 2.0
"I remember the first paddle pool, we had fun with it then. Some of the trouble with the first game have been fixed, like the paddle getting stuck at the side because the paddle was too long. The tabs that held paddle are gone, which is what broke off in our first game many years ago, and have been replaced with a snapping system. You do have to assemble this game, so that is different, but it plays just as fun. My brother and I are having great fun reliving the greatness of this game while we share it with our children who are have an equal amount of fun. If you want a lot of action and fun this is a must have game...I am so glad have it and that Amazon offers it at such a great price", 5.0
"I am not quite sure if this new version is as good as the old one, which was a solid game, one that did not snap together.  There is a possibilty that it does not move as quickly as the original.  i have to try it on a more appropriate table top, before I know if it measures up to the original", 5.0
"paddlepool is so much fun for the whole family. Everyone over the age of probably 5 can play. And it is so enjoyable that you will bring it out when ever you have people over. A truly good old fashioned action game. I love it so much I bought one for all the families in our extended family group.", 5.0
"The true Grimm Fairy Tale of Hansel and Gretel is not a pleasant picture that most interpretations show it to be. Here is a figure that shows the terror that should have filled little Hansel. As a stand alone figure, it's not the best of this series; alongside the Gretel figure, it gets twisted in its own right as it looks as though Gretel and not the candy witch is who tortures him. This one may be the most delicate of the set but is still another great rendered piece by the sculptor. On its own it only gets three stars, with the set, it moves up to four stars", 1.0
"The story of "Hansel and Gretel" is obviously a warning against children talking to strangers.  But it is also an argument against eating someone's house and the story represents the triumph of the poor working class characters over the witch and her upper class pretensions.  But my Marxist leanings are more Groucho than Karl, so I am not inclined to think deep thoughts in that particular direction.", 5.0
"In the original manuscript of the story of the siblings were referred to as Little Brother and Little Sister. The Brothers Grimm chose Hansel because it was a common name in German fairy tales (their equivalent of John Doe so to speak) and picked Gretel for essentially the same reason (which makes her Jane Doe). Then again, your ability to identify with the Twisted Fairy Tales version of Hansel from McFarlane Toys is probably going to be limited by the fact that he is trapped in a cage and being fattened up by the witch when she cooks him up as a main course.", 5.0
"Hansel comes in at 7 1/2 inches tall, although the figure itself is about 3 inches tall stuck in his cage.  Actually he is 3 inches tall when you remove him from the cage, at which point you discover he has articulation in his neck, biceps and thighs.  For that matter, you can be really cruel and take away his boner.  Meanwhile, the candy cane base has chain and pulley guides to play with as well, but be careful because this is not a toy (well, okay, it IS a toy, but it is not THAT kind of toy).", 4.0
"Twisted Fairy Tales is the fourth series of McFarlane's Monsters, and the rest of the menagerie consists of not only Hasnel and Gretel, now redone as a German princess, but also Red Riding Hood, Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater, and Little Miss Muffet. If you were aware about the probable origins of a lot of the classic fairy tales then you already knew that Mother Goose had a twisted sense of humor. With these figures McFarlane Toys certainly takes being twisted to the next level. Even if you do not want the entire set, there should be one of these figures that captures the Jungian dark side of the tales that we were all raised on once upon a time that most appeals to you", 1.0
"Cards that arrived initially were the wrong ones... one call and the error was quickly chnaged without fuss. Very pleased with timeliness and quality", 5.0
"We purchased this from Craigslist (used) for $20 and it was the best $20 we have ever spent.  Out daughter LOVES going in and out, closing the door and shutters, etc.  Now I just have to find some chairs to go inside.  :", 5.0
"Our 17 month old son received this playhouse for Christmas and it has been a big hit!!! It is just the right size and our living room is not huge by any means but not small either and fits nicely in the corner. He loves closing and opening the door. It only took my husband, brother, and dad 20 minutes to put together.", 5.0
"My parents bought this for my 2.5 year old daughter this year for Christmas, and she LOVES it! My husband put it together in about 45 minutes with a drill.It is not huge so it doesn't take up tons of room. Our Living Room is a good size and it fits nicely in a corner. It has lots of sounds and the little pretend stove and phone are really cute. My daughter loves running in and out of it, shutting her door and the shutters. Two childrens would easily fit in this. I can fit in it as well. I think this will provide hours of imaginitive play. Overall I would rate this an excellent buy", 5.0
"I purchased this house about 3 years ago for my then 2 y/o twin boys and 4 y/o son.  They absolutely loved it.  It was very durable.  It easily snapped into place and we chose not to use the screws in the roof.  The roof was secure without the screws and it was easier to take apart and move.  I assembled myself and it didn't take me long to do. The 3 boys all played in the house together and there was plenty of room.  As they got older and started climbing on the roof we passed this toy onto someone else.", 5.0
"I was a little worried about purchasing the Magic Doorbell House, as I thought it would be too small for my 3 year old daughter who is 41 inches tall. I didn't want to spend $200 on one and my husband didn't want to get the cheaper one($80) either. My husband and brother in law put it together in 25 mins. My daughter loves it! I'm real happy my husband went with this house...it frightens me when he goes off to shop alone...I thought he might indulge our daughter with a $250 or more Playhouse. I think I speak for most of us when I say these things are pretty overpriced", 5.0
"We bought this house for our son when he was one year old, and at age 4 1/2 he his still using it-- even sharing with his little (1 year old) brother.  Both boys love it as a hiding place when we play hide and seek, and they both use it for imaginative play on their own intiative.  Of course they also love diving out through the side window . . . but we have been very pleased with this purchase.", 5.0
"One caveat: We initially installed the house in the kids' playroom (what most people call a living room) to keep it nicer for a while, and to set up a nice play area for rainy days.  However we now have another item to put in that spot and want to move it outdoors, but it won't fit through our front door or sliding back doors-- the roof is just a shade too wide, and we've had difficulty reversing the screws to take the roof off.  So indoors it still is.  I'd say the width of the roof is the only design flaw; otherwise we are completely satisfied with the product", 5.0
"I bought this for my Twin 2 year old girls this past summer, and set it up in thier bedroom. The house is great quality, like all little tikes, the pieces fit together nice an snug. A few screws here and there, and BAM a house in thier bedroom. The house is rather large, But my girls didn't play with it too long, but they are spoiled.  It is large enuff that I can climb inside and then they wanna play. The door did get ripped off within the first hour of play, so i just left it off. Still a great toy, I am now thinking about adding a 8" padded board across the bottom of the now open door, and filling the house with plastic balls(like chucky-cheese).", 4.0
"YOu're supposed to be able to stamo and trace - the stamps only work with a film of orange plastic - and the faint image the stamp leaves fades in two seconds. . .not fun, not workable as a pre-writing toy - there is nothing to do with it!  My 4 year old daughter has not played with it - even when I try to prompt her and play along with her.  Not at all engaging.  Wish I had never bought it!!", 5.0
"My four year old nephew loves to bake cakes.  So the Learning", 5.0
"Resources Pretend and Play Trace & Learn Cake was the", 5.0
"perfect present. It is so clever and interactive.", 1.0
"Our 2+ granddaughter went right to work putting together her cake, then taking it apart and reassembling it.  Just like her mother, she enjoyed her time making a delicious-looking cake.  L.G", 1.0
"I bought this for my son's 2nd birthday.  I had already read the other reviews so I already had the drill ready for assembly.  It really wasn't that bad and only took about 30 minutes for us to put together.  The parts aren't numbered but it was really easy to tell what went where because the shapes are pretty unique for each step.  My son started climbing up it before we could even get the first part together and played on it for as long as we would let him afterwards.  I would probably get something bigger for say a 5 year old but for toddlers this is perfect.  One side is open but really, who lets their toddler play outside alone", 5.0
"My two youngest sons (age 11 months and 24 months) love this toy.  It was a bear to build.  The instructions have no words and the pictures are general.  It also requires a lot of screws to be placed.  The holes are not pre-drilled.  The swings on the extension move on the ropes and aren't very safe.  I have replaced the swings with immobile seats that snug into the kids.  They have endless fun and don't like to come inside.  The small slide goes on either side of the lower platform and the other side is left open.  I wish there were steps or another slide.  Overall, the small kids like it a lot, but my seven year old (weighing 55lbs) is a little too heavy for it.  The platforms sag when he is on it", 4.0
"My son is 16 months old and so far loves this climber.  I know he's a little young for it, but I figure he'll enjoy it for a very long time.  Assembly was a little difficult, but not too bad.  My only concern is there is one side that is completely open.  Any child could fall off.  Obviously, adult supervision is a must.  Other than that, it's great.", 5.0
"my 18month old boy loves this, he is all about climbing on things at this stage and wears himself out ragged on this. His cousin who is 19 months old hurls herself down the big slide .. great purchas", 5.0
"This game is pulled out nearly every day.  It is great that one person can play it.  My 4 and 6 year old play it.  Me too!  Lot's of fun", 5.0
"One of our 5 year olds just recently received this game for Christmas.  This is one of the best gifts any of my kids have ever gotten.  He just loves it.", 5.0
"This game is a great way to challenge a child's thinking skills.  My son loves it.  At age 5, it's just right.  He is very bright, so he is able to do all of the cards, some quicker than others.  He likes to start with the hardest card first, so that it gets easier as he works through the pile. :)", 4.0
"As a parent, I also like that it has its own little drawstring bag that can hold everything.  This is so much better than a flimsy box that you have to keep on taping.", 5.0
"A great game to take along when you are going somewhere that waiting is involved.", 5.0
"I would definitely recommend this game.  I will be buying a couple to keep on hands for last minute gift ideas for ages 4-8.", 5.0
"This is a great game- beautiful colors  and it makes my child think. She's loving  setting up patterns and figuring out escape routes. It's a fun way to increase spatial knowledge and practice logic", 5.0
"We bought this game for our 4 1/2 year old, and she really enjoys it.  It helps her to develop problem solving, and it is a quiet game also, so we can bring it to church to keep her occupied.  It's nice because she can set it up and play it by herself also", 1.0
"I bought this game for my 4 year old and he loves it.  After one day of play he has advanced to the next level of difficulty.  I also love this game and would purchase the other Rush Hour games for the challenge", 4.0
"I bought this game for my son's 4th birthday, and he loved the game from day one.  He tried to match the cars to the pictures on the cards, and that was his challenge.  Then over time it evolved into his learning that he was trying to get the ice cream truck out of the traffic jam.  I would say this game is perfect for kids 4-8, and it is actually a fun game for parental involvement as well.  I would highly recommend!!!", 4.0
"i love rush hour junior even though i am 12. Normallly when you get a junior game it is sort of a waste of money because it is nothing like the original game but rush hour junior is exactly what it should be a junior game of rush hour. i would definetly reccomend this for younger kids. i even had a blast playing this game", 4.0
"Games has a simple objective -- get the Red car out of traffice. And boy! it is difficult and changelling at higher level. Set up the *cars* as described in cards and figure out a way to get the Red Car out.The best thing is complexity raange from very easy to very hard. So it captures kids interests and provides the extra incentive to move to the next level !!", 5.0
"Simple rules -- once you have placed the cars on the Grid, you can only move them forward or backward.", 5.0
"A great addition to this game is "Rush Hour 2, 3 and 4 Gift Pack" for less than $12/-. Each set has 40 cards or in total 120 different combinations are possible. The highest level is really really difficult. Meant for the "Pros" only !!", 4.0
"I have 3 boys ages 6 1/2, 5, & 3.  Each time they visit their girl cousins, they always play with their dollhouses and love it!  This dollhouse is perfect for them to play with because it's one of the only ones that isn't exclusively pink and feminine through and through.  Also, I can purchase the Loving Family accessories and it's not like they have "girly dolls". You'd be amazed at how many times the Loving Family has played with Spiderman in this house!  Very easy to put together and perfect for storage.  My younger boys love the sounds it makes too", 4.0
"My three year old daughter really loves this dollhouse. It is easy to assemble and there are a lot of options available for furniture. She plays with it every day", 5.0
"I love this dollhouse, my mother in law got it for my daughter for christmas and she absolutely LOVES it!!  She hasnt stopped playing with it since she got it.  I love that the pieces to the house are not to small, since I have a 9 month old crawling around, I am not to nervous about her putting them into her mouth since they are bigger pieces!!  I highly recommend this product!", 5.0
"My six-year-old daughter received it as a Christmas gift and absolutely LOVES playing with it! Everyone else in the family loves playing with it too, including her older brother. Hers came with the Mom, Dad, twins (one boy, one girl), an older sister, a cat, and some furniture. She also received some of the furniture as gifts, and it definitely helps to have them when playing with the house. The dollhouse is really easy to store because the sides can fold up when playtime is done!", 1.0
"One drawback to the dollhouse is that the rooms are small, so if you have a lot of the furniture for the dollhouse, not all of the pieces will fit in the rooms. However, there are creative ways to play with all of the furniture.", 4.0
"I would definitely recommend this as a dollhouse to purchase for a child who is five or older", 4.0
"I bought this for my daughter last Christmas and she loved it. She is only six years old and she is beginning to get into doll houses. My daughter initially asked for the barbie doll house, which was heavenly advertised during the holiday season, but after she played with this one she really enjoyed it. Unlike the barbie doll house, this one doesn't take a lot of assembly.You can pretty much take it out of the box and begin playing with it. Second, this one comes with a family so you are not required to make any additional purchases.", 5.0
"My daughter loves her new dollhouse!  What a great product!  I had no trouble snapping together a couple pieces for assembly, and the house has plenty of rooms to add the additional accessories.  It seems to be a popular item, because the accessories are now difficult to find anywhere.  Hopefully production will catch up with demand soon!", 4.0
"My granddaughter loves her dollhouse.  It was well priced and is perfect for a 3yr. old girl", 5.0
"First of all this is the best dollhouse on the market for a 3 year old.. its very detailed and very very fun to play with.. we enjoy playing house and decorating everything in the house... the furniture that goes to the house is perfect so nicely designed.. get this doll house now..", 4.0
"My daughter previously owned the Fisher Price Dream Dollhouse that I bought her used along with MANY accessories.  She got the Twin Time Dollhouse for Christmas and wants to play with it every day.  I am usually the one who gets to play too and I will say that I love it!!!  It doesn't have the conformed cabinets, etc. in the kitchen like the older ones or any conformed shelving so it's totally up to the child which room is which.  I will say that the rooms are a little small and do get crowded but she loves it just the same.  Suggestion for Fisher Price: Next time make rooms a little larger and add some rooms for more great fun.", 1.0
"My son really likes this train tunnel.  And the sounds are not too loud and annoying for Mom and Dad! ;-)  The "Thomas" tunnel has track going over the top the other way which would have been a nice thing on this one but it is very nice.  They show "kids" playing on the mountain on the box but they don't include any with it!  They should have at least thrown in one.", 5.0
"I bought this tunnel to add variety to the railroad I am building for my grandson. He is only 2 so there is a lot he has yet to think of to do with it. He always enjoys watching the trains go through it. And he has even more fun making the little Brio people climb up the path, over the bridge and down into to or up out of it. It seems well made and I think it will hold up well. The only complaint I have (and my wife agrees) has to do with the built in sound effects. When the button is pushed to have the tunnel play one of several railroad related sounds, we have to cover our ears. It is LOUD! Our grandson loves noise. His favorite activity is to push the button... over and over again. It wears us out pretty quickly and we put it away for several days at a time.  Over-all it is a fun toy and it should last a long time. I have not found a way to turn it down but I would love to do so, soon", 5.0
"I like the simon hand held because you start following the pattern to a stopping point when you lose. Then you are frusterated and are determined to do it again. Even if you beat Simon it is still calling you to play again. It is very addicting hand held. I go to O.T. and my theripist introduced me to Simon and I started playing it and I spent 30 minutes trying to beat Simon. I did beat him once and I beat him again right when I was about to leave. I still can't beat it again. My theripist tryed to do it and wasn't even close. She spent 10 minutes figuring it out. She didn't get after 10 minutes and gave up. So if you decide to make more Simon hand helds, for your sake in money you might want to make it more difficult so it will be even more addicting.", 5.0
"The kids had a blast with this toy.  I had a lot of kids over at Thanksgiving and it broke!  We had only been using it for 2 weeks?!?!!", 5.0
"Buyer beware!  I bought this in July 2004 and what came was the newer Hasbro version of this (the yellow weird-looking thing) and NOT the transparent looking MB original as in the picture.  I was disappointed at first, but after I started playing this newer version for a while, I began to understand why they designed it this way.  It's a little bigger than I'd expected or wanted, but it's this size in order for your hands to fit comfortably and not cramp.  Also, the center button to start the game in the original is gone is replaced by a small dot-like start button, which was probably placed there in case your fingers missed the play buttons (which would cause you to screw up the game you were playing).  The extra 1 inch border may increase the size in a less-than appealing way, but it makes for really easy play and less cramping.  I still think they should've kept the old translucent casing, but yellow will do.  I love how there are 3 types of games and 4 levels.  The original 1-game, 2-3 level ones offer little variety and it's easy to master the first couple levels.  This one's still a challenge to me.  I've only had this for about a week now, so I don't know about durability yet.  It seems well-made", 5.0
"Simon hand-held is great! I love to play it in the car and boy is it durable. I've had it for about 2/1 years now and haven't replaced the batteries yet. I guess it a little edu. because you have to have skill", 2.0
"Simon is an excellent tool for improving memory. It stimulates the mind and provides great satisfaction along the way. The handheld version is compact and can easily be carried around in your pocket. I absolutely love it and whenever I am a little down, I play with it and immediately forget my troubles. I recommend this to all kids and especially to adults who are having trouble remembering", 4.0
"I remember the old big simon game - we used to play for hours.  My son (8 years old) just got this one and he love it.  It is just as addictive as is was years ago and while he thinks it's fun - I think it's great for building memory and concentration skills.  It's so hard to find a toy thats fun and educational - this one is!!", 4.0
"This is a game that I truly enjoy playing with my 4-year-old son. It's fun for anyone ages 4 and up who enjoys puzzles. You can play the game as directed by taking turns placing pieces, but you can also work together like you would on a puzzle. My son also has fun putting the pieces together by himself. You need quite a bit of table or floor space and good chunk of time to play the game to completion. Good exercise for everyone's brains", 5.0
"This is a beautiful and fun matching game that you can play competitively or cooperatively.  The whole family can work together to assemble the pieces into a coherent whole, like a jigsaw puzzle but without the tedium.  Or you can take turns placing the pieces onto a single structure as per the rules.  Our 4 year old loves the game and he loves the art work, as do his 4 year old friends", 5.0
"I was able to play this with my 4 year old daughter and 13 year old step-daughter.  While it is a little challenging for my youngest (the 5 year old designation is probably correct), we all were able to play on somewhat equal footing.  We played in a non-competative fashion but I could see how this game has the potential of being very competative with a bunch of adults.  I highly recommmend it as a great family game", 4.0
"This game promotes many educational skills, available to use even with very young children,including matching, visual discrimination, vocabulary building, sequencing and in addition it is a fun game to play turning out  different picture representation every time", 1.0
"this hard to find item has been working great with the easel we bought at a garage sale", 4.0
"We have both the caucasian and the ethnic versions of Amazing Amanda and my daughters really love them. So far they have held up well.  My 6 year old daughter is thrilled with how Amanda interacts with her.", 5.0
".", 2.0
"HoHo brought Avery this doll for christmas-she is 4-Avery loves Amanda and especially enjoys the fact that Amanda recognizes the holidays-as we speak, she is reminding Avery that Valentines day is right around the corner! This is Avery's new "alarm clock"-it wakes her up at 8:00 every morning for preschool! Avery especially likes the fact that Amanda only recognizes her as mommy! Well worth the money", 5.0
"My 8 year old was DYING to have this doll, bought it and she looks like a ASHY ethnic doll (not cute like the picture online). Amanda gets kinda confused with some things and she doesn't hear too well unless you yell at her, The whole potty thing is funny(she makes a pooping sound and the turd falls)now that is funny.  The facial expressions are .. well.. different. My daughter LIKES her, we dont play with her everyday, she's kinda annoying after a while, oh!  she wakes us up about 1 hour late! Pretty scary to wake up to that voice every morning. I think she should be on clearance now....about $19.99.  So somebody owes me some MONEY!!!", 2.0
"We just got the doll for my daughters birthday(4th). At first when i was programming her in the living room with the tv on and my hubby talking and telling me I didn't know what I was doing it was a bit frustrating, but then I just put her to the side and waited to do it the next day with my daughter. I had to tv off and explained to my child that in order for me to "make her work'", she had to wait quietly for a few minutes for me to program her. That worked wonders I did it in less than 10 minutes and then it was my daughters turn to say her name to amanda so amanda could recognize her, it took a few trys but it was done, and now amanda recognizes only her voice. I could answer amanda but she ignores me in other words doesn't recognize me as her mommy just my little girl. So far it is working fine, but my little one has to speak CLEARLY  and not loud but not too soft either. All the accessories  that came with her are working fine, she knows when she eats a cookie or us having her teeth brushed or is having her hair brushed etc., She does talk alot but you can put her to sleep before her bedtime. I love to see my brittney playing mommy and see her respond to the doll when amanda says she needs a hug or has to go potty or is hungry or just wants a snack and you should hear her cry and play making faces LOL. It is worth the 100.00 and more to see my baby so happy.I have the newer model that takes 4 c batteries instead of 3 c batteries, because I heard the batteries drain real fast with the doll that takes 3 c's.", 4.0
"So far she wakes and sleeps at the time programmed, I wish it was that simple to get my little one to go to bed,lo", 4.0
"Amazing Amanda does not recoignize my daughter's voice. She also needs new batteries every couple of days. She doesn't give my daughter time to complete the tasks, such as feeding, before she has moved on. We do not like this toy, especcially for 100 bucks. My daughter has more fun with a five dollar baby doll that uses her own imagination", 5.0
"well my 5 year old wanted this doll sooooo bad for christmas. this was the only thing she asked santa for. the commercials for this doll were great. i dont know if it is because she is missing her front teeth that the doll does not recognise her or if it just dont work period. but my daughter has cried and cried because this doll does not recognise her. i have reset the doll 6 times but it still does not work the way it is supposed to. every time she talks to the doll it says your not my mommy and she goes into tears or it has her to say its name over and over until she does not want to play with it. i am a single mom and i could barely afford to pay 100 dollars for a doll for her.espesially when her expectations for this doll were so high. i wish someone had written on here the truth about this doll before i bought it, then my daughter would not be so dissapointed", 5.0
"I have two daughters so my husband and I purchased two of these dolls for Christmas. My seven year old plays with her doll more than my five year old.My five year old says the doll talks too much and she wishes she would just go to sleep and be quiet. My daughters are given just about every doll that comes out and I thought this would be their favorite and boy was I dissapointed when I learned otherwise. The doll isnt worth 100.00 or even close to it.Wait until the price goes down. Both dolls lips peeled within the first couple of days of having the doll. My daughters take excellent care of their toys so I know this wasnt their fault. I dont know what happened to the voice recognition. Because both dolls respond to anyone. Yes! I read the instructions and yes I programmed the doll properly. I noticed that some are saying they do not have any problems with their dolls and a lot of us are having the same problems with the dolls. Which steers me to believe the obvious...some of us got stuck with some major malfunctioning dolls. I've reprogrammed the doll twice just to make sure and yep its the doll. What a waste of money! Still interested? Just make sure that you have one that functions properly if not you will be sadly dissapointed", 5.0
"Amazing Amanda was Christmas present for my daughter. She was very excited when she got her but she has only played with her a total of 5 times since Christmas. I didn't have any problems programming her, it only took about 10 minutes but Amanda is only supposed to recognize my daughter's voice but she will answer to anyone that talks to her. I love her facial expressions and she really does know what she wants but my daughter really doesn't find her interesting.", 5.0
"We have a large group of friends that gets together on a regular basis and our usual game of choice is the 80's or 90's Game!  We play 'guys against girls', and usually we make the guys answer the 80's questions and the girls answer the 90's questions.  (I think the 80's questions are a little harder just because you have to think back another whole decade!)", 5.0
"If you have a lucky roller you can really get ahead in the game using the "free jump".  Also, if the guys land on sports questions too much they usually end up beating the girls.", 5.0
"The best part about these games is that the questions aren't too serious or too impossible like Trivial Pursuit.  If you lived in the 80's or 90's, you should know the answers - the hard (but fun) part is just trying to remember!  Ladies, do you remember the song that Joey McIntyre (former NKOTB) came out with solo in 1999?", 5.0
"I recommend buying both games - its fun to intermix the questions!", 2.0
"FUN, FUN, FUN", 1.0
"This game is the best.  We had so much fun playing it.  It brought up so many memories and good times.  I learned about the other people that were playing and recalled some of t he best times of my life.", 5.0
"What a great game to play with people of all ages. It is a different experience for every generation.  The questions are difficult enough and challenging, but not too abstract that no one could possibly answer.  It was a genuine blast. Highly recommend the game to everyone!!!!!!!", 1.0
"I can't believe this!  I remember at the begining of the 90s, people treated the 80s as a LLLOOOOOOOOONNNGGG time ago, I completely different era.  I was only 5 when the 90s started, but it still drove me mad in the 90s when people talked about how LLLLLOOONNNGG ago the 80s were.  Whenever people in the 90s said things like "Oh, that happened way back there in the 80s" I'd just get a confused look on my face!  It was just a few years ago people!", 4.0
"Now, what does this have to do with this game?  Well, people today are doing the exact same thing!  They treat the 90s as being way back there, even though we're just a few years removed from the 90s!  The news, music, and culture of the 90s are not way back in another time.  As far as I'm concerned, they still fall under the category of "current events" as opposed to the "ancient history" label people are starting to give them.", 4.0
"Its 2005 people!  The 90s aren't ancient yet", 5.0
"If you're like my friends and me and spent your teens and early 20's in the 90's, you'll LOVE this game.  Great questions dealing with music, movies, tv, events, and sports.  The great thing is that most of the questions really make you think a bit (it's not a super-easy no-brainer like some of the other games out there).  We set up 3 teams of 2 and the game took about an hour, hour and a half (obviously, more teams = longer playing time).", 4.0
"This game will definitely be a staple in all of our gaming nights.  A sure bet", 5.0
"While most of what the other reviews state is entirely true, they fail to include the fact that the questions are horribly inconsistant.  Some seem like desperate attempts to hit some quota derived from marketing folks, as they ask silly things as who owns Crayola or questions obviously from other eras What was Jackie O's maiden name?--she was married in the 50s).  Other than that, it's quite fun.  I'd prefer 25% fewer questions if they were 100% consistant", 5.0
"I first played this game at my buddy's house over the summer, and after a few questions about Pearl Jam, 90210, MJ, and "Wild" Bill Clinton, I was sold!  This game is great to play before you head out or if you have a bunch of friends over and just want to have a great time reliving the glory days of the 90's.  The questions are perfect -- not too easy and not too difficult -- so that the game moves at a fun, rapid pace.  I'd highly recomend this game to anyone who remembers Jump Around, Melrose Place, Magic Johnson, or Monica Lewinsky.  And for those who dont...it's never to late to live the 90's", 2.0
"I was introduced to the 90's Game over the weekend, and I can honestly say that I am hooked. The format of the game is absolutely perfect, the questions cover the complete social, political, and business issues that were relevant in the 1990's.  The length of the game totally depends on how savy you are on your 90's trivia. For a board game the action can get surprisingly intense, and I would consider this a must buy", 4.0
"After the torrential rains of June, I bought the 90's game this summer as a rainy day activity for my beach house. But we didn't just play the 90's game on rainy afternoons, my housemates were itching to play this game when they woke up, on the beach and before going out at night. The 90's game is a fun game for groups -- never a dull moment, even if you didn't watch every re-run of 90210 and Melrose Place!  Everyone can dominate at least some of the categories -- whether you are a music buff, sports fiend, movie aficionado or TV nut -- but it's never too easy to win, nor too difficult to cause boredom", 1.0
"The box of The 90's Game reads, "The 90's are Back."  Although, I didn't think they'd really been gone all that long - I still had a tough time remembering the diner from "Saved By The Bell" (The Max, by the way).  Regardless, this is much more fun than other trivia games, because even though you remember all the shows, music, movies, etc. from the past decade (as opposed to say stuff from the fities and sixties) - the answers lie in the details - which often are just on the tip of your tongue.  The last time I played included a mixed group (some trivia buffs some clueless tag-alongs) and there was enough in there to please both sets.  Great time had by all", 4.0
"I owned a toy store and this was the dollhouse that I selected for my daughter (who was then 2). She is now 3 and has loved every minute playing with this house, furniture and dolls. The house has withstood rambunctious play, *I* was the only one to break furniture (I stepped on a chair with a heavy boot I was wearing -- but amazingly, only the leg popped off, the rest of the chair is still intact and could be fixed if I had the motivation...) and the dolls are a beautiful, heavy felt with a wired body for easy movement. They are unlike other dollhouse dolls with the wooden heads and pegged bodies, which I felt were inappropriate for a young child.", 5.0
"All in all, this brightly colored, well made dollhouse should last my daughter until she is old enough to either grow out of it, or want to grow on to a traditional, hand-made set.", 5.0
"My father had made me some wooden dolls and furnature when I was younger. I wanted to pass it down to my daughter (now 4) but needed a house and a few new pieces of furnature. My daughter LOVES the house, and its the perfect size for a preschooler (a more complex house may come a bit later).", 4.0
"The rooms are open and its easy to make it however she wants (we actually attatched a garage to it, but she uses it as a bathroom or bedroom). Its very bright and beautiful, and most of the pieces are large and sturdy enough for a 4 year old to handle (some had the smallest most complex little things that I couldnt even handle). There arent any stairs (really bothers her, we are still studying it to see if a few adjustments could be made :). I love that the house is sturdy and alows for fun play (even my 10 month old twins can "play" with it)", 5.0
"The people are ridiculously cheap. They are felt and will soon fall apart. My daughter makes them "the nextdoor neighbors" (which usually ends up being an annoying or bad guy family). Most other sets wont fit (ie the Loving Family and Little People dont fit well, although we have an old hand-me-down plastic house downstairs. The furnature has held up surprizingly well, but we do have many other pieces from my old house, so they dont get as much "action". They also REALLY hurt if you step on them, but that goes for most any house...", 5.0
"All in all I LOVE the house, hate the people, and think that the furnature is mediocor quality... A pretty good buy, but maybe not the ideal choice for a child over the age of 5-6", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter.  She hardly ever played with it.  The furniture fell apart without much use.  The dolls were not fun (they didn't do anything & were ugly) & most other dolls will not fit in the house!  My daughter now wants a new doll house that is more fun.", 5.0
"Within six months of owning this 50% of the furniture fell to pieces.  Some wodd glue and a clamp will fix but for the price you should not have to make constant repairs.  Save your money", 5.0
""My Dollhouse" cured my granddaughters cabin fever during the northeastern icy winter snows! This is a great toy for developing a child's imagination and creativity. They have spent countless hours playing with dolls, moving the furniture around and adding a few of their own creative decorations.  They always make up a different story about the dolls and the house each time they play with it.  Also, their friends from their kindergarden class always want to come over to play with the dollhouse", 1.0
"I got this item as a gift for a family member. I believe all is well with it, but can't confirm 100%", 1.0
"I would love to review it but I never received this product, therefore I will never purchase from AMAZON again!!!", 5.0
"We bought this game for our 5 year old daughter as a support to learn english as a foreign language, and she loves it. The level in maths seems to be lower than 1st grade, but we expect this game to last through most of primary school. I recommend it for EFL/ESL", 5.0
"I wanted to buy a game that would make my 5 year old happy and, at the same time, improve his skills in Math and language. This game achieved achieved both ends.", 1.0
"I strongly recommend it for kids in Kindergarten, because it stimulates them. I don't know whether it would work as well for 1st graders", 5.0
"My son loves this Leapster Game.  I like the fact that he is actually learning something.  He is in kindergarten and I got this game for him to present a bit of a challenge for him.  He has not completed all the levels yet, but he likes the fact that he can figure things out on his own.  I am not sure if it is a full-fledged first grade level game, but it will present a challenge for 4 - 6 year olds", 4.0
"My kindergartener, first grader and fourth grader all enjoyed playing this game.  I even had a turn at it.  And the price was definitely a plus", 5.0
"Great game! This is my 5 year old's favorite by far. I find it to be extremely educational. He seems to be able to breeze through the games on the first and second level, but the 3rd level is still a challenge. He's in kindergarten, but loves school and loves to learn.", 1.0
"I bought this cartridge for my 4YO son. He loves it. The games are fun and very educational. His favorite is the "LetterPiller" game, where the child guides a little caterpillar to letters in order to form words. There is a cute show when the word is complete and the game is very forgiving of mistakes. This has really helped my son learn to keep trying. Before he got his leapster, he would get upset after making a mistake, now he doesn't care at all. There is also a bumper car math game which is a little advanced for him, but would probably be good for a 5YO. There is a "log ride" game which teaches grammer. My son really likes that one too.", 5.0
"While I think this is way to easy for a real first grader, it is perfect for a 4-6YO child. My 4YO absolutely adores it. So I think the game deserves 5 stars even though they got the ages wrong", 4.0
"MY DAUGHTER IS A FIRST GRADER AND SHE DOSE NOT LIKE IT THE CATRIDGE WHAT  COMES WITH IT IS NOT EDUCATIONAL AT ALL SHE PLAYS WITH IT MORE FOR FUN I WISH THERE WAS A BETTER CHOICE  IN CATRIDGES IT ISA LOT  OF CASH TO SPEND AND THE CHOICE OF CAT IS POOR I THINK THE LEAP PAD IS MUCH  BETTER SYSTEM  SHE JUST FINDS  NOT CHALLENGING  THNAK", 4.0
"My daughter was very pleased with the product, though she was a little anxious waiting for it to come. But she lived and loves her new Tamagotchi friend.", 5.0
"     I like the designs on this item. It looks really cool. The better things out the tamagotchi V4 then the V3 is the following: It has better graphics, it has more characters, you get to have a career, rockstar, chef, scientist, or a fashion designer! [...", 4.0
"I love this awsome toy! It's very fun to play with and miniture so you can take it anywhere! This is the best Tamagotchi yet! This is a great way for you to care for something and be responsible! It's awsome", 5.0
"This version of tamagotchi is the best of all of them! I have played with all of them as they come out, and i like this on the best. going on tama town is really fun to. i must worn you, its very,very confusing the first time you open it, and my mine has spinning after reading the instructions but after two days with it, you get used to it, and it gets really fun! in my opinyon.......GET IT!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"My kids each spent all of last summer with a version 3 around their necks, responding to every little bleep their Tamagochis made. Now one has a v.4 and the oldest can't wait to get hers.  Version 4 has some great new features.  Their "critters" can go to school and get jobs as adults.  There are new games as well.", 1.0
"Don't pay more than $15 for these.  Be patient, call some stores to find them in stock.  Don't pay twice the retail price", 5.0
"the gas station is a nice add-on to the larger set. It is sturdy and has the advantage of pumping gas by hand or by a clever system that converts the power of the train to pumping the gas at the switch of a lever. There is also a bell that rings when the gas is pumped. Included is a car bay to fix vehicles.", 5.0
"I brought one for my 14 year old son (at his request) for Christmas and he loves his.  I decided I wanted a mp3 player, but decided to get one of these for myself just so that I could get adjusted to the technology.  So far, it works great for me.  I have about 25 - 30 songs on mine and it still has a little more memory left.  I made sure I deleted the video clips that were installed on it before I started adding music since they take up a lot of space.  I will admit that it took me about 10 - 15 minutes to figure out how to get the music on in. (thank goodness for a 14 year old to help out)  But once I got the hang of it, it was a breeze.  I will probably buy better headphones but I think it was a good buy overall", 5.0
"     Whoever is writing the comments about memory size are wrong about how nuch it holds.   It WILL hold about 2 hours of music AT 128kbits and the sound isn't too bad using your own cutom eq setting.   If yours isn't, you're converting improperly!.   It works fine and has an fm tuner in it besides for holding pretty low quality video.", 5.0
"     I have 4 different types/brands of mp3 players and there is NO comparison between this and my 80gig ipod but that was 350.   I got mine on ebay for 12 bucks new in box which can't be beat.   Paying 60 at Walmart or anywhere else is way too much (as there are certainly many other units for that price that don't do video but have at least 512mb if not a gig).", 5.0
"     Look on Ebay folks!   Pet", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter for christmas. It only holds 3 songs not the 2 hours it says it holds.  Then when I tried to contact Hasbro I could not.  Their phones were always busy I couldnt get thru at all.  They did not answer my emails.  The only reason I got a refund was because I bought it thru Amazon. I bought her a silver i-pod. It was twice the money but she loves it, it works and the company has customer service. If I can avoid it I will never buy another Hasbro product again", 4.0
"  The spy vision remote control car is sooooo much fun!  My parents are always playing with it and my dog must think it is some kind of an animal.  It is quiet and not too fast so I can control it very easily. I have a very fast RC car and this one is more fun even though it is not as quick.  While sitting on the couch I can watch it "roam" through the house and spy on everyone.  What alot of FUN!!! I suggest this toy for anyone at anyage", 5.0
"This thing is on sale for $79 everywhere else.  I have no idea why they think they can sell it for $399", 5.0
"I bought this for my 9 y/o nephew for Christmas he's been wanting it since his birthday.  It's seems to be the hottest toy to get right now.  I think your price of $399 you are charging is totally outrageous for this toy and whoever buys is it for that price is even more stupid.  I bought it at Toys-R-Us for $79.  They also have it at Target, Walmart and etc.  You must be out of your mind to sell this for that price, It's a cute toy but it's definitely not worth over a $100.  Even my nephew agrees with that", 5.0
"Pretty expensive but I ended up splurging and getting it for my 8 year old nephew for this coming Christmas.  I ended up giving it to him this weekend instead; I wanted to see it go too and couldn't wait 4 months!", 4.0
"My nephew REALLY likes it but, oy!, is the video bad -- what they show in the online commercial is quite a bit clearer and contrasty than what we see in our actual unit.  I think the infrared aspect blurs things a bit and its sensitivity is pretty low in any case.  You can't read ANY writing thru the video, regardless of size of print, etc.  Still, the video link is minimally serviceable (adequate for manuevering with a little bit of practice) and my nephew has a BIG time sitting in his "command center" and sending it out on "remote missions" using only the onboard video link. Seems fairly robust and sturdy so far", 5.0
"My 15 month old loves this toy.  It is one of his favorites.  He doesn't play with anything but the basketball part but he loves that it makes sounds and music when he puts the balls in the basket.  He dances to the music", 5.0
"My 1-year old son loves this toy. It amazes me to see how he figures out all by himself how to put the ball into the basket", 4.0
"We bought this for our daughter right after she began to crawl.  She absolutely loved it.  Several key points:", 5.0
"1)She truly enjoyed the feedback she would get when she would make a basket.  Especially if others in the room cheered along with the game.  Then she would really start hammin' it up!  Great for self esteem!", 4.0
"2)The baseball component was her least favorite at first but once she got the hang of it I noticed her concentration was unbelievable!  She was determined to hit that ball if it was the last thing she would do.  EXCELLENT for hand-eye coordination.", 5.0
"3)The football wasn't the most interactive part of the game, especially as our daughter aged, but when she was younger the sound and motion was certainly stimulating for her developing mind but in no way overwhelming to her.", 4.0
"4)Yes the whole set is small but if consumers read the box they see it is not meant for taller and more mobile children and is not height adjustable.  Little Tikes has other products to meet those needs.  This is a great toy for crawlers, those that pull themselves up to standing, and early walkers.", 5.0
"We would buy this again in a heartbeat and was by far our daughter's favorite toy of her transition from infancy to toddlerhood.  We are planning on getting an adjustable hoop for Christmas and hope she enjoys it as much!", 5.0
"Like other reviewers, we got this toy as a gift.  My son was only 6 months old, so we thought we'd have to wait a while for him to be able to play with it.  He started playing with it right away.  He'll play with it for hours.  Yes, the football IS just a rattle that spins in the goalposts, but there's not much other than that that can be SAFELY done with a football.  My 2-year-old daughter uses the baseball and bat part more than my son and it's really teaching her some baseball skills.  As for it's size, look at the customer images.  Someone placed a picture of their toddler seated playing with it. As you can see, it's roughly two feet tall.  It's meant for infants and toddlers (NOT KIDS).  If you want one of these for older kids, there's a great one on the market adjustable up to almost five feet.", 1.0
"My son got this for Christmas, even though he wasn't quite 9 months old.  He liked it in the beginning and played with it, but now (at 12 months) all I do is listen to the crowd cheer.  If he can't find a basketball, he'll put anything that will fit into the basket.  The football used to be our favorite, but now it's less so.  My son is trying to hit the baseball with the bat and lights up every time, though only once has he been able to make the ball move.  I have had no problems with this and I thought it was fairly easy to assemble by myself.  I've even given this as a gift to others because my son loves it so much.  I especially love that it has 2 sound levels, so outside it can be louder and in return, it can be slightly quiter inside", 1.0
"My son recieved this as a gift at 6 months.  Even though it's rated for 9 months and up, he enjoyed it and still enjoys it. Here's what we like about it:", 4.0
"1. He likes spinning the football and can do that unassisted, even while sitting.  I spun it for him once and he "got" it right away. It's something he can do sitting and without help.", 5.0
"2. He likes the sounds/music when you put a ball through the hoop, and even though he couldn't do it seated, he loved it when we'd hold him up and let him dunk the ball.", 5.0
"3. He loves the bat, and though he's not able to connect bat with ball just yet, he likes banging the floor with the bat.", 1.0
"4. Even tough he can't hit the baseball with the bat, he likes pushing the ball and hearing the clicking noise.", 4.0
"5. It definitely helped with hand-eye coordination as he learned to drop the ball into the hoop or put it in the hole. It also has some cause and effect, because now he drops the ball in and knows where to look for it.", 4.0
"4. Unlike the roll-a-rounds toys, which we generally like, the basketballs are just the right size for him to pick up with one hand.", 4.0
"Here's what's not great:", 5.0
"1. It's fairly large, but not heavy/stable enough for him to pull himself up on or rely on for standing (now that he can).  He's almost pulled it over several times trying this.", 5.0
"2. It was really hard to put together, even though there are no screws, etc. It basically "snapped" together, but me, my husband and his best friend all had to fight to get the pieces in place.", 5.0
"3. Sometimes the basketball doesn't push the lever all the way in to register a basket. While my son can't count and doesn't know that the score hasn't updated, he likes the sound, so I end up hitting it with my hand, which he has now started to copy.", 5.0
"Overall I give this 4 stars. He's been enjoying it for almost 3 months now, and I anticipate it will continue to be one of his favorite toys", 5.0
"My 11 month old son received this toy for Christmas and he loves it.  He spends half of his day playing basketball.  His 5 year old sister plays with him also.  It's fun to watch him play with it. I think this is a perfect toy for a 1 year old.  We haven't had any problems at all.  GREAT TOY!!!", 5.0
"This toy is very good. You can build some very interesting and different things...out of the box for regular blocks and toys. This is for the child with an imagination. My son and I (Grandpa) played with it while the kids where playing other games. It has many things to build and unusual things. Recently my grandson build a crab with claws..as you roll it the claws open and close. Very nice", 4.0
"This is a great set for kids with imagination. NOT for the uninspired child. Get Lego's if that is the case, cheaper and the box shape is easy to play with. But if you have an over achiever as I do this is it. Lego's bore my son to tears. Not enough peices in it but I guess its thier way of getting you to buy more. The price is way to much for what you get. But my son does love them. If you lose a couple of peices which will happen because they are small, you cant make alot of the things in the book. Still good fun. If you can get over the price you'll be happy with these", 5.0
"This is a phenomenal card game. In a elegant, subtle way Xactika has give you more control of the hand you're dealt than has ever been possible in a bidding card game. One way to think about the cards is that each one has four suites on it, and you can play any one of them. The bidding card tells you the chances of other cards having the suit you chose, so you can decide whether playing it will win or lose the trick for you. You'll want this extra edge since you have to make your bid EXACTLY to get the points you bid. Take advantage of it - it's not what you're dealt, but how you play your cards that will decide who wins", 1.0
"It works really, really good. The best cd player I have ever owne", 2.0
"Without a doubt, my child thinks this is one of the coolest youth electronics items available.  The design is absolutely spectacular encompassing the technologically advanced Batman look and feel.  Also, the sound is clear and crisp.  Coming from a former electronics manufacturer, I am extremely impressed with this purchase and I recommend it highly for both Batman fans as well as people merely looking for a great quality cd player", 2.0
"This pirate set was bought on sale and I would gladly have paid full price for it.  I got it for my 8 yr old nephew after the pirate ship (he got that at 6 1/2) and boy, does this get a lot of play.  His 5 yr old brother loves, my 4 yr old dauhter loves it and so does the other 8 yr old nephew.", 5.0
"It is big enough that all 4 kids can play and interact together.  It stays together pretty darn well and compared to the Playmobil stuff (which is like 2 1/2 times more expensive) I think it's better.  The plastic is not as thick as the Playmobil but it doesn't need connector pieces to join  2 walls together (the Imaginext has male/female holes for snapping together).", 5.0
"Overall, I think this is a great set to go with either the Pirate Ship or even the castles.  I even think it is great as a stand alone toy, even if you have no pirates or the other Imaginext sets", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my son a year ago, when he turned 4.  He LOVES it!  Especially since Pirates of the Carribean came out.  He spends hours playing with the Island and the Battle Castle, which we also have and love.", 4.0
"There were a few complaints by previous buyers as to the amount of pieces and the fact that it falls apart.  There are a lot of small pieces that are accessories that we put in a little "treasure box" that we bought from Walmart. (Just a $3 box with a little buckle lock.)  Our son stores the small pieces in there and he hasn't lost any small pieces in a year.  When he wants to fully accesorize his island, he pulls them out and sets them up. (But he is a pretty organized kid.)  We love the accessories because it adds so much to the adventure.", 4.0
"The island is pretty compact if you follow the instructions and use the little 3 prong footers.  If you don't, it will fall apart fairly easily. Our son can pick the entire island up and carry it to another room without it falling apart.", 4.0
"NOTE:  If your child trashes things a lot or likes to hit, bang and smash their toys, then this is probably NOT the toy for them.  But if they take care of their toys and have a vivid imagination, this IS the toy for them.", 5.0
"All in all, we LOVE this toy and would definitely purchase it again!  He got the Battle Castle the same year (as stated earlier) and we just got the Glow in the Dark Pirate Ship which he LOVES!  We're going to get the Pirate Raider and Glow in the Dark Shark & Skeleton next.", 5.0
"Both as a father and as a toy collector I really love the Imaginext toys from Fisher Price, especially the playsets.  I find them extremely well-made and detailed nad easy for kids to use.  Most of all they are very fun and give kids a real sense of wonder and adventure that is lacking in so many toys today.", 5.0
"The Buccaneer Bay playset is another in Fisher price's line of Pirate themed Imaginext toys.  This can be used seperately or in conjunction with other sets or figures to have one giant pirate world!  This one is the secret hideout of a band of cutthroat pirates.  There is a hidden compartment on the beach's lagoon that opens up to hide the pirate's treasure.  The pirates have a large cannon ready to defend their loot.", 4.0
"The Island itself can be assembled in several ways since the trees and bushes are inter-changeable so you have some variety for building.  Comes with two pirates and a boat as well.  Some pieces do fall off but I have not had as much trouble as other reviewers seem to have had.  i think it really depends on how rough your child is with the set.  Fun toy", 5.0
"I like the dragons and the cool looking characters. I like how you can build different things by taking it apart and building new things.", 4.0
"You can mix pieces from different sets.", 4.0
"I am 7.", 5.0
"My parents like these toys too except when I play instead of doing my work", 5.0
"My son got this for his birthday in September. I thought he would lose interest quickly but the opposite has happened! He plays with this all the time and uses his imagination non-stop! He plays with this and a couple of the addition pieces that he was also given almost every evening. He has even gone so far as to turn off the TV himself so he can concentrate better on playing with this! I would highly reccomend this to anyone. Santa has been informed that any of the Imaginext series is more than welcome at our house!!!!!!", 2.0
"This item is horrible. It falls apart constantly. We tried hot gluing and superglue, however, NOTHING works. Even our 4-1/2 YR son has told us to throw this out he is so frustrated.", 1.0
"Part of appeal was you can take Imaginext items &  reconfigure them, great concept. However, no matter how you configure them, they ALL fall apart.", 4.0
"During assembly notice they do not "click" as you would expect. Pieces never lock together, even with the bottom "base" pieces.", 4.0
"We resorted to putting all the Imaginext on a table for him to play, however, flat surface, bumpy surface, any surface, it falls apart.", 1.0
"PLEASE do not waste your money as we have. Unfortunately we spent approximately $150 on various Imaginext last Christmas. Do not make the same mistake we did. When a 4-1/2 YR wants you to throw out his toys, somethings wrong", 5.0
"This set is absolutely fabulous.  I like it a lot.  It's full of life and endearing charm.", 1.0
"The scene is an island where two pirates have made their hideout.  Features include an opening compartment on the sandy shore for buried treasure, a target that knocks over a palm tree (you can also place other things here, such as the cannon), a nice wooden fort, a dock with small crane for hoisting your pirated loot, and a small boat.", 5.0
"The set piece is composed of interlocking pieces that snap together.  Rock formations, walls, sandy beach, and floorboard pieces are all designed to fit together in numerous ways.  Constructing your own varation is as simple as coming up with an idea.  Assembly instructions are easy to follow.  Accessories include plentiful foliage for decorating the island, a palm tree, a regular tree, a working cannon, a treasure chest, a crocodile, an iguana, and a monkey.", 5.0
"All of this adds atmosphere.  It's the details that really make a difference.  The assembled set piece is durable and can be moved around without falling apart.  The pieces themselves are solid.  Durable and attractive.  I found the completed model to be a bit wide for my display area, so I moved a few things around and constructed a pirate hideout of my own design.", 5.0
"Included are two pirate figures.  These two guys are awesome!  Great expressions on the faces, and nice outfits.  They have good posability in the arms, and they come with a nice assortment of acessories.  Head gear, a cutlass, lantern, pickaxe, and shovel for burying loot.  And what pirate set would be complete without the skull and crossbones flag?  The pirate figures' hands do a great job of grasping items, and their feet fit onto pegs in the boat.", 4.0
"This is a great-looking set that's loaded with appeal.  The sandy shoreline, foliage, fort, rock cliffs, animals, and swashbuckling pirate with his strong-man friend.  Everything is as it should be.  My verdict:  thumbs way up.  Very cool and loads of fun", 5.0
"I ordered this toy for my 2 year old son. I thought it may be the size of a small pillow, but it is way smaller. He says cute phrases, but he is not a lot of fub because of his size.", 5.0
"This was one of the cheapest toys we got for our daughter, and it turned out to be one of her favorites too.  She also loved Mator.  Small and simple is best for little kids, I wish we would have learned that earlier", 5.0
"This is a cute toy for a little one.  Being a big fan of the movie, "Cars", my 2 1/2 year old loves it.  It is very soft, and you just hit it and it talks.  I am not sure how long it will last, but it's worth the money.", 4.0
"I picked this out for my son who loves this movie, it looked a lot bigger then it is, so I got it and it fit so great at the top of the stocking.  WHen you hit him he says "Hey, I'm build for speed not for slammin"  and "Hey, watch the fenders, friend" and a few other things.  The voice is great and sounds just like Lightning in the movie", 1.0
"  I grew up watching Sesame Street and when I found this I knew I had to order it for my daughter!!  She loves it.  She's almost 4 months and starting to get into toys.  She'll just lay there and hold his snout (would it be called that?) and smiles away.  Great quality, it is a little smaller then I expected, but we love it!  Worth every penny", 1.0
"This car is extremely fast. The steering on the car is very responsive. The kid's love it, actually ordered another one so the kid's can race each other. Battery only runs for about 20 minutes, Order Extra Battery Packs. This IS the HOBBY GRADE car, not the BASE VERSION.", 5.0
"This is a great R/C model...and you need to have wide open space to drive this....parking lot, basketball court, etc.  Not for the driveway or the house...it packs a lot of speed and you need wide open space to run.  It is very responsive, and very good proportional controls.  No need for hop-ups.  Battery goes about 20 minutes on a full charge.  Recommend an additional battery.  I bought 3, so the family and I can resolve it on the track and not worry bout no point battle!!", 4.0
"I recieved the car and set it up according to the manufacturers  instructions and it didn't work! I contacted the manufacturer and they mailed me a shipping return label and I returned it to them. I am awaiting a new or fixed car back from them", 5.0
"This production description IS wrong. You are confusing the two versions of these cars and options-items into one description. You cant have two different transmitter ranges! Hobby Grade is 50 yard range NOT 100, digital proportional steering is DIFFERENT from full function. CHECK YOUR STOCK", 5.0
"Product Description", 5.0
"About 35", it's 1/6 scale!..... Scale speed is over 120MPH!... .. Live speed is over 20MPH!..... This is NOT A TOY! It is for ages 16 and up...... NEW in Box!...... complete and ready to race...... complete with batteries, battery pack and charger....... 100+ yard range..... Impact wrench transmitter.... 12V NI-CD Battery Pack and Charger..... 6 AA Batteries..... Body shell removable..... Full Function Features..... Forward, reverse, left and right turn..... Adjustable front wheel alignment..... On/Off switch is on bottom of car..... Officially licensed...... Authentic Team Graphics....... four wheel independent spring suspension.... high performance motor..... impact absorbing rear and front bumper... impact wrench type transmitter..... race up to 5 cars.... 50 yard signal range .... hobby grade features..... digital proportional steering.... multiple frequencies..... variable speed..... 120 scale mph (to scale 20+mph)....", 5.0
"I love doing Jumbles - I buy all of the Jumble books I can find.  The hand-held version is not as entertaining as the books because it doesn't have the cartoons, and you can't see the bonus puzzle letters until you get to the bonus puzzle, but for when you're on the road, it's better than lugging a book and a pencil.  Very easy to use, and well made, though I wish the display was a little easier to read in dim light", 5.0
"This is a really fun game.  My grumpy husband who usually plays very little will sit for hours and play this game.  The instructions are easy to understand, and it is the type of game you can invite a friend over and they can play easily after just one hand.  Very enjoyable", 5.0
"This game is great for adults and kids alike.  Great spin on Rummy that makes you think and really can be challenging", 5.0
"I play this game with my 14 year old son and my 76 year old mother -- we all love it!  I bought 5 copies of the game and gave them out to friends for Christmas and now 5 more families are hooked on Rummikub.  It's fun to see just how creative you can be!  It's not a difficult game to learn so it's easy to get started.  As you get more familiar with the game you can come up with more complex multi-layered moves to wow your opponents.  We love it", 2.0
"Great game for adults as well as children - becomes addictive!  Even better with the new sturdier stands which was the only disadvantage of the old set", 1.0
"Rummikub is celebrating its 60th anniversary this year!  Celebrate by grabbing a set and enjoying a game with your family.  It plays out pretty much like Rummy with cards, so it won't be a tricky game to learn, and you can even modify the rules to suit your favorite type of rummy (we like to play Gin Rummikub).  This is a relatively easy game, most kids who have good counting skills are more than capable of playing it.", 2.0
"One great feature about this game is that many elderly people love to play cards, but due to arthritis or poor vision, have trouble doing so.  Rummikub solves that problem; the writing on the tiles is large and the tiles are easy to pick up and put down.  Why not buy one for your family and buy an extra to donate to your local nursing home?  The game is certainly a reasonable value", 1.0
"I had already played this game some years ago. Now I bought this one to play with my family. It's funny, clever and challenging", 1.0
"This game has become one of our favorites! It helps develop math skills while being fun. Our older kids love how they can "re-arrange" the tiles laid out to benefit their own hand. This game is immense fun not only for kids but also for adults", 5.0
"I bought this game for my pre-teens and they like it a lot.  Theres so many different ways to look at the same tiles that it really gets the brain working.  The tiles are very durable--like lighter weight dominoes.  The stands are less durable, but good quality in a game.  We've played it many times and still enjoy getting it out.", 5.0
"I started playing this as a game at a math class, once I got the hang of it I loved it.To make the story shorter BuyBuyBuy!!!", 5.0
"When I saw this desk, I just knew my son would love it.  It is a great idea, but I think it was not well made.  Although the price is good, I just expected the quality to be a little better.  My son didn't seem to mind, though", 5.0
"I got this pogo thinking you could go 6 feet in the air but then it wouldn't go much higher than a foot.  If you're looking for a pogo that looks cool you sould definately get this but if you are looking for a pogo that works DON'T GET THIS.", 4.0
"OK, I'm waaayyyy too old to be writing about pogo sticks.  But I'm hooked, so here goes...", 5.0
"If you are going to spend big bucks on a pogo stick, then you should take a good look at what is available.  Yes, this one is cool and it very good.  But dig deeper before buying.  This particular pogo stick was designed by Vurtego/Etoy as a  **cheaper** version of their top-of-the-line sticks (Pro Series, and "Ultra" series).  If you like this specific design and you plan to drop significant dinero on a stick, why not get one of the versions with higher quality components?  And, since the company makes the stick in 2 sizes, why not track down the one that provides the best fit for your needs?", 4.0
"The design of this stick is a bit unusual.  It doesn't use a spring like time-honored sticks, and it doesn't use sling-shot surgical tubing like the Flybar sticks.  It uses a large air cylinder, which you inflate as you would a bicycle tire or a bouncing ball (using an air compressor or bike pump).  So the feel is not necessarily what you'd expect.  This is not a bad thing, but it definitely doesn't feel springy like old sticks.  It really is more like a brisk bounce, like  a super ball.  When you switch between jumpers (e.g., if you are skinny and your friends weigh a ton),  it is a drag to have to make adjustments.  Then again, it wasn't really possible to make adjustments on the old sticks.", 4.0
"I strongly recommend the xpogo extreme pogo website as a source of information.  They have up-to-date reviews of all the pogo sticks on the market, along with members' comments about each of the sticks.   If you are thinking of buying a stick, consider one of the Flybar products (1200, and soon-to-be released 800), Motostik, or one of the other Vurtego products.", 4.0
" This is a fun toy. As the title says, AgentTracker is", 2.0
"a must-have for under-cover agents.", 1.0
" It makes playing secret agent more fun.", 2.0
" I work for the CIA. No. Just kidding. You have to be 21.", 1.0
"It's not like Cody Banks. I would'nt be telling anyone.", 5.0
" This secret handheld tracking device is recommended by", 5.0
"the spy club I started. I am a T.M.S.T. Level 1 agent.", 5.0
" It works by color and sound.", 5.0
"Blue means you are in range,but far away from the suspect.", 5.0
" Yellow means you are getting close.", 5.0
" Red means super hot-you are super-close.", 4.0
"Blue has a low beep,yellow has a medium beep,red has a maximum-", 4.0
"volume beep.", 2.0
"Stash it in your dad's briefcase,on something you", 1.0
"don't want "borrowed",in your little brother's trading", 1.0
"card album,or even your dog!", 2.0
"I have to go. I think they're onto me.", 2.0
" From Agent 002,flying in an out-of-control spy plane", 5.0
"//PS-This is probably my last transmission-no more online reviews! This is the last time I am goin to introduce myself...", 2.0
"even talk to anybody! I'm not behind the controls.", 5.0
"//PPS-I'm lost and may not return", 5.0
"I loved this, I can hide one piece and electronically find the other one. Its a lot of fun!", 5.0
"My son received this product for Christmas and it didn't work.  We tried calling the manufacturer's help number, but they only offered pre-recorded help and referred you to their website.  Unfortunately, we couldn't find a website for TNT Ric.  We did end up exchanging it at a Discovery Channel store for another one and it works great.  It easily does the stunts shown on the box.  I'm now ordering one for my nephew but will tell his mom to exchange it if there are any problems", 4.0
"My seven-year-old received this car for Christmas from Santa.  One of the front bumpers broke off the first day.  Within a week the remote control was broken & the car can't go far from the remote", 4.0
"  We purchased this train as a Christmas gift for our grand children and they were delighted.  Very well made.  Tracks work on carpet or hardwood without difficulty", 4.0
"My son is 4 years old.  He is really into Thomas and was just amazed the first time we started reading Polar Express and played the video.  I was playing with the idea of getting this set for him for Christmas and opted to get the Bachmann Thomas sets since I had not seen one of these in person and he is "really" into Thomas the Tank engine.", 5.0
"After Christmas, a major department store had these for 50% off the suggested retail price.  I could not pass this up.  The department store also had one of these on display.", 5.0
"All I have to say is "wow".  The locomotive is actually metal.  It smokes; it has a whistle; it lights up; and it's a train.  The power pack is nice and stout also.  For anyone who had train sets as a kid, this is a blast from the past.  It reminds me more of my father's Lionel set from 40-50s than the plastic one I got one Christmas as a kid.  It is very well detailed.  I would probably have paid full price and felt ok about it since it is good quality.", 4.0
"The bell is a nice touch.", 5.0
"The figures are neither here nor there.  Maybe if kids are a little older they might be better.  Just a note:  The fireman does not have the same long hair as the video.", 4.0
"The track is a lot easier to work with than the old Lionel with the pins from back in the day.  You do not need to tack the pieces down to keep the track together either.", 5.0
"The locomotive moves smoothly.  It is heavy and stays on the track well.", 1.0
"The cars light up brightly.", 2.0
"At 4 years old, my son primarily watches and hits the whistle button.  He has operated the speed a little.  The track would be tough for him to work with.  Stick with Geo Trax or wooden Thomas if you are not going to work with/supervise your kids on this.  But then, the set is also recommended for ages 8 and above.", 2.0
"Minor downsides.", 2.0
"When we tested the unit, the tender's mid rail pickup was not fully inserted and shorted with the wheels next to it.  We fixed this and all was well.  This item may have been a packaging issue but appears to be ok now.", 5.0
"I have not run the set up to full throttle, but it looks like it might derail at full speed. (We had this on a table and derailing it would have meant doing a "drop" test.)  This just means someone needs good judgement and experience in setting the speed.  The train also is slow to start after you set the speed.  (I am not sure if this intended to simulate inertia or not.)  Again this probably means you want a patient person on the throttle.", 5.0
"Other thoughts.", 4.0
"It is O scale...so it is takes up space.  You can rerail these easier than HO and N.", 4.0
"With the radius curves included in the set, the coaches seem a little long.", 4.0
"We also picked up the Hot Chocolate car at a local retailer that had it on sale.  The coaches are plastic but look good.", 5.0
"Summary:", 4.0
"I would definitely buy this set again.  The locomotive looks awesome Accessories are a bit expensive (in my opinion at least).  The Bachmanns Thomas sets are a good year round thing, but this one seems like it will be something special for around Christmas time", 5.0
"We bought this train for our 4 year old son for Christmas.  We were worried about it being too old for him, but he wanted a 'Polar Express train' so badly.  We tried it and it is perfect!  We are so pleased with this train.  The quality is incredible.  The lights come on when the train runs.  We run it on the carpet because it comes with the track raised on its own plastic platform (we were worried about having to build something up to run it ont he carpet).  The whistle you can make it do sounds like a real train- although softer :).  The people it comes with are realistic and have holes on their feet for putting on top of the train or in the back of the cars- our son loves to play with it.  We couldn't have asked for better.  Although a little expensive- well worth the money.  Lionel got this one on the mark!!", 5.0
"I bought this train set for my youngest son who it currently 7 years old.  We had a great time setting it up and played with it for hours thereafter.  As soon as you unpack the train engine, you'll know that you bought a quality train set.  I was amazed of the weight and craftsmanship of the engine and the rest of the set is just as appealing.", 5.0
"If your looking for a train set that will last, this is the one for you.", 2.0
"Thanks Amazon.", 5.0
"This is a solid first-quality train set that would be well worth the asking price even if it wasn't affiliated with a popular book and movie. In fact, the locomotive is a scaled-down model of a real locomotive, a Berkshire that was used by the Pere Marquette railroad that ran near the author's home when he was growing up.  It is a lucky coincidence that the locomotive the author painted in the book is one that Lionel has been modeling since the 1950s, and all they had to do is change the "paint job" to create this fine model.  In case you wondered, this is the best steam locomotive that Lionel includes in any of its train sets. The passenger cars are also based on the same class of real-world cars that the author painted for the book.", 4.0
"A number of comments here had to do with the fact that the first "run" of the train sold out before it even hit the warehouses in 2004.  Nowadays, the rush isn't so great, but that doesn't mean there won't be a last-minute "run" on the set if a network station shows the movie in December.  Unlike most "Christmas Trains," though, this set is tasteful enough to be used on any O gauge railroad all year round. And it's built like the Lionel trains your grandfather grew up with, solid enough to last for generations.", 4.0
"Happy Holidays - Paul Race, editor, Big Christmas Trains", 4.0
"thiz train iz to totally rockin!it lookz zo kooooooooool unda yo CHRISMAS tree!eye luvvit,yo luvvit!", 5.0
"Wow this was worth the hassle to find.  We lucked out and got it at retail price and delivered before Christmas.  This was my 6 yr old son's first "real" electric train.  What a special train it is.  The details are fantastic. Lionel out did themselves!  The engine is sooo heavy and very well built.  The passenger/observational cars were suprisingly light, but incredibly detailed, quite beautiful!  Transformer is powerful, track easy to put together. The characters are to scale and he has placed in the train and they ride around sticking out the end of the cars and in the engine.  Smoke stack works perfect.  Everything is just great.  I guess we have a train enthusiast now.  He runs it every day... and is soooo proud of it. He is so careful with it and teaches all his friends all about it.  Worth every penny.", 5.0
"     A great set to buy! It is truly worth the price of $250.00.", 1.0
"The only thing I wish is that it would come with more track. Because it only comes with a small oval of track. But it's still a great set. I highly recommend it!The set very much resembles the Berksire and the cars in the movie. But good luck finding one until February", 5.0
"This is a great set. But I don't have this set, however, this is because I don't buy "Holiday" trains sets, because I like buying train sets that I can play with all year. Lionel makes high quality sets, this set is good for kids and adults.  The high quality locomotive, the Berkshire 2-8-0, has been in production since the 1950's and is probably Lionel's best model.", 5.0
"Pros:", 4.0
"Lionel Quality", 5.0
"Runs in forward-neutral-reverse", 5.0
"Smokes", 5.0
"Whistle", 5.0
"There is a switch to turn the smoke off, as well as one to keep the train in forward-neutral-reverse", 5.0
"3 rails is fine", 5.0
"O-27 track is good for tight spaces", 5.0
"Roadbed lets you lay track on carpet", 5.0
"Durable", 4.0
"Cons:", 4.0
"MTH makes better trainsets at a more reasonable price", 1.0
"Expensive", 5.0
"Might not be a prefered set for all year round", 5.0
"Some people can't stand the smell the smoke makes", 5.0
"Some people may be annoyed by the whistle", 4.0
"SOME may NOT prefer 3 rails", 4.0
"If the smoke unit is on you have to make sure smoke fluid is in the smoke unit or it will burn out", 4.0
"Smoke fluid MAY leak out if deraile", 5.0
"We bought this toy for our nine year son. I have to say, we expected a whole lot more. While the frog's internal organs are interesting, and reasonably true to life, there is no schmatic diagram of any kind. So, once the child has "dissected" the frog and removed the organs, it is a matter of guesswork as to how they go back in. More like just fitting them in best you can rather than really understanding how the various pices/organs fit back into the frog. It would be far more useful if there were a schematic diagram which the child could follow to reassemble the internal organs. As such this turned out to be a "play with it once" and then put it on the shelf item. Too bad as it is a great idea. Just needs a bit more in terms of directives", 5.0
"This Game was introduced to me by my husbands family we always have a great time playing it. We play it w/ friends over a few drinks,  or at the cabin w/ family. This game can be enjoyed by everyone.!!WE played it on my husband birthday", 4.0
"Happy Trading", 5.0
"As a child, I played this game on family vacations.  The rules are simple, yet engaging.  Adults and kids alike play on pretty equal ground. Kids like the high-energy pace, and adults are amused by the idea of "cornering the market." Maybe I say that because my father is a stock broker so it is great hearing his over the top analysis after each game.  I can't really think of anything negative to say, except maybe that your children might grow up, like me, with an inflated sense of the value of wheat (the most valuable commodity in the game)", 4.0
"I first played a few years ago and it was awesome then and it hasn't change one bit. It is a great starter game cause everyone has their own volume level that is tested when the trading starts.", 5.0
"This game is great for anyparty, we've played at cabinfever parties and even in restuarants waiting for food.", 5.0
"This is a must have to anyone who likes playing games", 5.0
"AWESOME  game!!!   It's been around for a while, but I just discovered it.", 5.0
"Easy to learn, even for kids.  Addicting, cause you can play for hours.", 5.0
"Kids like it because you can be noisy.   The more players you have the", 1.0
"more fun and exciting the game is", 5.0
"We were introduced to this game - big orange box, cards, and bell - when I was a kid.  I hadn't seen it for years and then I found it at a drugstore.  I heard my family talking about it, gave the pack of cards I bought to my mom, and since then it's a huge hit during the holidays and when the family gets together.  I was just home for Christmas and we had loads of fun.  It can get really noisey.  I always recommend the version with the bell because otherwise it's not as clear cut a start and finish, although you can decide an opening and closing anouncement.  Very easy to play and introduce others to, and I didn't even realize until recently that it was meant to teach kids about the stock market.  Fascinating!  If you love to play games, this is a must have for your game cupboard", 5.0
"We had never heard of this game before and only bought it because we got it for a great price with another game.  It's quick and easy to learn and a lot of boisterous fun!  My whole family recommends it", 5.0
"I was very pleased at how quickly this game was delivered!  It also was in perfect condition when it arrived.  The advertisement for it was correct and we are pleased to have this convience at our fingertips.  I could not find this game anywhere in the stores near me and was excited to know that it could be found here.  I worried that it might not get here in time, but that just was not the case at all.  The cost was reasonable and their other selections were varied from what I could get in the stores near me.  I would use this game net again", 4.0
"Pit is possibly the loudest family game ever. It's just a bunch of cards and a little bell, but the action turns your dining room table into a trading floor. Everyone's screaming numbers across the table at each other and holding up fingers trying to trade cards and it can get pretty boisterous. In my experience, this is not a good game for all families. Some folks are more subdued and prefer quieter evenings of discussion and relaxation. Others like it loud, and for those people I recommend this game. It's loud, but it's a blast. A frenzy of shouting and card trading for about 4 minutes and then it's all over and you play again. Big fun", 4.0
"This is my kids favorit game, and my favorit to play with them. It goes fast and you can stop at any time. You don't have to sit around wating for your turn and you don't have to remind your kids that it is there turn. Every one plays at the same time. It can get a little loud with all the shouting. It is a realy easy concept to understand. My 6 year old can play it just fine. It is best to play with at least four people. I love the fact that this game is almost 100 years old. You know it must be good if it's still around", 5.0
"the sound effects are quite good.  the blades collapse if hit too hard, which prevents then from breaking off.  It is not a tiny toy (as Dave might have you believe.)  If it was any larger it might be too cumbersome to handle, and not just for a toddler.", 1.0
"This is NOT the Helicoptor you will get.  This is a picture of Tonka's BIG helicoptor, and they are passing it off as this one.  Beware, things look better than they are", 5.0
"I got this Moon Sand for my kids for Christmas and I gave it to them as an early Christmas gift. Boy was that a mistake! It was more of an heasdach then playdough has ever been. The sand was EVERYWHERE! and yes you may be able to vacume it up but we lost 1/4 of the sand in the first play. Playdough you make sure there in the kitchen so when it falls it's no big deal, you pick up the big peices droped add them back to the mix, moon sand goes everywhere and aside from the fact that it doesn't come with very much sand to begin with so of course you need to buy more which works well for the manufacture because they have a continuing customer. Once this is done I will be happy to show it the garbage and save me another headach.", 5.0
"THIS IS A GREAT TOY. MY KIDS GOT IT FOR CHRISTMAS, IT HAS MANY DIFFERENT THINGS TO DO WITH THE PLAYDOH THEY LOVED I", 4.0
"I bought this for my son for Christmas, but decided to give it to him early. He needed something to occupy him on a cold, rainy day and I must admit that I love Play-doh myself. This is a nice started set to introduce your child to Play-doh or a good gift for a child who is already a Play-doh fan. There are enough pieces for at least 2 kids to play with without arguing.", 4.0
"This set comes with 4 full sized cans of doh (purple, blue, yellow, and mint green) and 2 smaller cans (hot pink and white). I would recommend getting more colors personally. It also comes with 6 cookie cutters (circle, square, rectangle, triangle, heart, and star, the fun factory extruder with two of the shape maker thingies that you attach to the end, a smaller type syringe extruder with 2 shape maker things for it, a knife, scissors, and two shape things with holes that you push the doh out of to make 'hair'(one is a centipede, one looks kind of like a mole or possum, not sure), there is nothing to push it out with, just use your fingers. It is all packaged in a clear plastic barrel with a SCREW ON lid, not a snap on lid like the yellow buckets. The screw on lid is a great idea as it keeps the doh soft even if you don't put it in the individual jars. Of course, all play-doh will dry out eventually no matter what you do, so plan on buying more fairly often. It's cheap, so it's not a big deal. Nothing lasts forever.", 2.0
"All in all, this is a cool set. We actually prefer the food-themed sets like the Make-a-meal bucket. The stuff tastes pretty nasty so it wasn't hard to teach my son not to actually eat it.", 4.0
"We bought this item for my 3 year old, who has just discovered PlayDoh, as a birthday gift.  It is far superior to anything we were able to purchase locally at our major retailers ~ the shapes and colors are great, and not all food related, which was a plus for us, since we are discouraging the eating of PlayDoh, for obvious reasons.", 5.0
"I would highly recommend for anyone who is looking for a great starter set for their little ones to learn to love Play Doh", 5.0
"My son just received this a few weeks ago and absolutely loves it.", 5.0
"He's about 2 1/2 and can play with it for quite a while - he loves to make little balls and spaghetti which he can then cut with scissors or make shapes with the provided molds. There is a wide variety of shapes and molds - so they have hours of fun!", 4.0
"Just make sure to have them play on a clean surface - not over a carpet, since it can be a pain to clean ...", 5.0
"Enjoy", 2.0
"As soon as we got it my two kids (and myself) started to play with everything. It's great, my 2 yr old and 7 yr old sat and played with this for over 2 hours. Great buy", 5.0
"I think this item is great for kids.  It is very fun to play and it doesn't make much of a mess.  If anyone was wondering if it was good enouhg to buy I think you should say yes.  i think every play doh item is great and fun to play with.  I hope you take my advice and buy it.  if you did have a great tim", 5.0
"My 2 year old son loves this little car.  It lights up and sounds like a real police car.  I like it because it isn't really loud like a lot of his toys.  You can use it with the Geotrax train system but it could also be fun by itself", 1.0
"Our 5 year old picked this gift out for her cousin, who is 3. A very rough and ready little boy, who still likes to put things in his mouth. I was glad to see it did not have tires that could come off in his mouth and our little girl just knew it was perfect becauce it has lights and a siren. She was right, He love his police the best. He carried it with he all night and his mom says he sleeps with it too. He does not have the tracks, buts it rolls everywhere he wants to too. Great gift for small hands", 4.0
"Other then getting a headache building the set with my son, its over 1000 pieces, I have no complaints. It has become the central focus of his super hero obsession and his bedroom. None of the components are difficult to build, and although the spiral staircase is cool its is a bit poorly designed because it often "collapses" with rough play. In addition while the rotating car pad is pretty neat, expect that one single lego in the middle to get broken the second a younger child trys to spin the platform by hand. But onto the good things; the detail is excellent from the computer screens to the joker bomb in the glass case. Mr. Freeze is just about the coolest lego man I have seen, you get a classic gray Batman, Robin, The Penguin, a penquin sub, a snowmobile for Robin, a larger snowmocar for Batman and a penguin sub. My only grip is there is nothing for Mr. Freeze to ride/drive but if your child is anything like mine that will be remedied in short order.", 2.0
"It would have been nice if they had labeled the bags like the Batmobile/Two-Face Chase set, 1000+ legos are difficult to sort through, but if you are prepared for that then this set is more than worth the price and your child will love it for years to come", 2.0
"Was pretty much what I expected.  The cover seems to fit very snug.  The whole thing is very sturdy.  Nice nutral color doesn't look like trashy clutter in my yard", 2.0
"Gave this to a 1 yr old for his birthday last month and he loves it.  Very sturdy--stands up to even the adults who play in it.", 1.0
"We purchased this sandbox several months ago after reading all of the positive reviews on this website. It has lived up to its five star rating! Our toddler really enjoys playing in this sand box.  The "natural" design reminds him of a stone castle and he loves to be king of his sandbox!", 4.0
"We filled it with 200 pounds of play sand and still have lots of room for numerous trucks, shovels, rakes, pails, seashells, sifters and assorted sand toys.  The lid is sturdy (my son has stood on it and it always pops back into shape) and has a high, domed center that allows us to store everything inside.  We have had several violent wind/rain storms, and the lid has stayed on securely and kept the sand perfectly dry.  And I don't think that color-fading over the years will be an issue with the tan plastic (unlike some of the bright red or green sandboxes that we also considered).", 5.0
"The 4 corner seats allow kids (and some parents!) to sit and play without getting sand in their pants.  You can fit 1, 2 or 3 small children in or around the box at one time, but I don't think it's large enough for a bigger crowd.", 5.0
"You won't be disappointed with this sandbox!  It will provide your kids many hours of fun", 5.0
"We bought this sand box for our son who is 2 1/2 and he plays in it every single day!  He loves it and being in Florida you have to be really careful with the heat and rain and the lid is perfect and has kept all the rain out and has maintained its color and shape!  Plus the box is larger than some of the other ones and gives him plenty of room.", 5.0
"I was thinking of another sandbox - they had it out in the store and it looked pretty good. The day we were to bring it home I looked online to see how much sand we needed to buy and saw a long list of bad reviews and recommendations for the Naturally Playful Sandbox. We bought the Naturally Playful Sandbox and my 2 year old daughter LOVES it. The lid is domed and holds all her toys inside. We had a heavy rain yesterday and everything inside stayed dry. We have only had it a week but know we made the right decision. A little bit more money was well worth it. Thanks to everyone who shared an opinion.", 5.0
"My Son got this when he was 2 now that he's 6 1/2 he still loves it and he now shares it with his little sister (almost 2)   We've used this indoors and out...he got it for his birthday in december and in minnesota outdoor play in december gets pretty cold, so we scooped snow into it for some fun play!  He had a ball!  indoor snowmen are so much fun!  Then we used it for a little pool when it hit 85 degrees in April!  That same summer we filled it with sand and he had just a ball!  We never had any problems with bugs and the lid kept the sand free of rain water and kept it from being a litter box for neighborhood cats.  We replaced the sand each spring just because I felt that it needed it.  The only negative issue I have with the sand box is it has faded to have alot of mauve tones but considering it's been outside for four years it's doing pretty good!  It's just the right size and fits into the landscaping perfectly, it's smack in teh center of my garden and alot of people don't even realize it's a child's sandbox", 5.0
"We got this sandbox for my younger son's first birthday.  We have now had it for a year.  We have it in our backyard by our patio and it looks great.  Really blends in and is not an eyesore.  The rounded top is very sturdy and the boys (now 2 and almost 4) can stand on it and it doesn't bow in or anything.  However it is lightweight enough to be easily taken off.  We live on the southern coast where we get lots of wind, rain and sun.  It has held up marvelously and still looks new.  We have a lot of mold and mildew problems with our outside toys because of the humidity, but this has held up very well.  We've never had leaking problems either.  I like the seats in the corners for the kids to sit on.  Although they most often sit right in the sand of course.  We keep all the sand toys housed in the box which is convenient.  We do have to be careful of spiders deciding to make it their home, but I just make sure to check it before they begin playing.  It easily fits 2-3 children with plenty of room.  I would highly recommend this sandbox", 5.0
"Three years ago, my daughter-in-law's precious dog died and she buried him in our yard.  I wanted to make a beautiful memorial for him so I purchased a Naturally Playful Sandbox, cut out the bottom, filled it with soil, and planted it with ground cover roses and other pretty flowers.  After 3 years, it still looks beautiful and hasn't warped or faded.", 5.0
"Perhaps the best book for the LeapPad.  My daughter started using it at age 3 and could read on her own and spell 3 and 4 letter words and more before starting kindergarten.  Absolutely wonderful book and it helps kids learn on their own to further build their self confidence.  A must have if you own the leap pad", 5.0
"my three year old who is still learning these things likes this book, but my 5 year old who already knows most of the information doesn't really like it (not challenging enough).  I'd say it's great for learning/teaching but not the best for review/practice", 4.0
"We bought this mini golf set for my 6 year old son for Christmas.  He loves golf so we figured this would be something fun for the house.  He has really enjoyed playing with this, especially the two motorized pieces - the clown and windmill.  While there are enough little pieces to make an 18 hole golf course, he has just used the extra pieces around the motorized pieces - using the bridges and traps to make golfing more of a challenge.  What has impressed me most about this product is the excellent customer service from Buzz Bee Toys.  After starting to play with the set, we found we kept having problems with the clown head.  It kept getting 'stuck' in place and wouldn't move the ball through properly.  I had resigned myself to the fact that we had simply bought a 'cheap' toy, but decided to call the company about it anyway.  The day after Christmas I called the number on the box and was speechless when a PERSON answered it after several rings.  After explaining my problem, the gentleman said it sounded like I needed a new clown head, he took my information to mail me a new one.  Less than a week and a half later, I received the new clown head that works perfectly, all with no hassle!  This set is a fun toy for any child who loves to miniature golf, and I am pleased to support a company that stands by its product", 5.0
"My almost two year has had this doll for awhile now and we bought this doll on a whim.  Since then, my son has turned this doll into his sleeping security item.  He has to have it in order to sleep or he doesn't sleep.  Unfortunately, he only carries Eddie around by the hair so now Eddie looks more like a "Troll" doll vs. a Little People.  I'm going to buy another one just to have on hand just in case.  I'm not able to find this item in the stores any longer so if this is something you think your child may be interested in, you better order it now or it could be too late", 4.0
"My 19 month old son had been facinated with faces lately.  We almost bought him a Cabbage Patch Boy, but they are $30.  Way to much money for his age.  So my mother picked up Eddie for him. He loves to poke Eddies eyes and nose.(instead of ours)  He sits in front of the TV with him and combs Eddie's hair.  (Which is big siter is greatful for, because he is no longer trying to comb her hair.)  He likes the music on the Dvd, the stories are Okay.  This doll is worth the money", 5.0
"My son loves this guy.  He is 3 and his 2 year old sister has dolls, dolls, dolls.  He was so happy to have something of his own and my husband is happy it is not a pink baby with ringlet hair.  It comes with a video (about 20 minutes long) all featuring Eddie and a cute backpack with the frog inside.  It also comes with a comb that has a picture with a frog on it. Everytime he watches the movie, he holds his doll and screams "There's my Eddie!" everytime he sees him on TV.  It was the joy of his Christmas.", 5.0
"Good Buy", 5.0
"This is a nicely made doll by Fisher Price.  My son loves Eddie, and when I came across this, I just bought it on a whim.  He doesn't carry Eddie everywhere, much to my husband's relief, but he does enjoy this toy.  I think he'd like the smaller version better, but this one is about 10 inches tall, with a backpack that comes off, Freddie the Frog that is the same size as the original Little People, and a plastic comb -- oh and a DVD that is 3 short Little People claymation stories.", 5.0
"Fisher Price does have smaller versions of these dolls, that are roughly 4 inches tall, and I'd like to see Amazon offer those as well.", 5.0
"My son has since figured out that there is a Sonya Lee out there.  We're in trouble", 5.0
"My 5 yr old always wanted to play "office" I bought this and it is adorable. A little pricey for all cardboard like items however. They are covered in a plastic laminate so they can easily be whiped off if needed.", 5.0
"Overall cute product and my son loves it", 5.0
"I got this for my son who is five.  His sister has the teacher pretend and play.  They got out both of their kits and played for at least an hour.  She was the teacher and he was the principal.  It was fun to watch and be a student in their school.  The contents are very durable and life-like.", 5.0
"I bought this as an early Christmas present for myself. It sounded like a lot of responsibility, but I figured I could handle it. I did everything exactly as the instruction booklet said. I even read up on CPs...books and websites. I put the dome in the fridge for 2 months and on a nice windowsill with light after that. After about 2 and a half months on the windowsill I got a sprout. It was so tiny I couldn't tell which type of CP it was. Like a true geek I looked at the little sprout everyday in aww. I am a bit clumsy. One day I accidently knocked the dome over. My little sprout eventually withered away. I don't think anything will grow from it again because of the shock. I am definitely trying again though. Its worth the wait. I loved my CP sprout. May he/she rest in peace", 5.0
"My daughter eyed this in the store for weeks and I surprised her with it for her birthday. We followed all of the instructions and, like the other reviewers, nothing happened. The seeds do no germinate. Even one star is far too generous for this product", 5.0
"I bought one for myself in NY and one for my grandson in CA.  Directions were followed exactly and NOTHING grew in either.  After numerous emails, new packages of seeds were sent.  And we both started over AGAIN.", 4.0
"This meant another 2 months in the frig.  And what happens?  Nothing grew again.  Being slow to learn, I decided to get more seeds and try it yet again.  Guess what.....nothing grew this time either.", 5.0
"So after 5 attempts with new seeds by two different people on opposite sides of the US, still nothing.  A complete waste of money!", 5.0
"i got this as a surprise present from my mom. maybe i didn't long enough but still i waited for six weeks and nothing i think you would have gotten something by then. it would have been so cool if it had done anything.", 5.0
"         P.S.", 5.0
"don't give this as a gift in cold weathe", 5.0
"if anyone wants a deck that works really good, and its strong, plus your really good at yu-gi-oh, get this deck!  i've gotten other decks but none work together as well as this one", 5.0
"       The deck focuses on magicians if you add a yami to this deck then almost all of your monster will get a good boost.", 5.0
" And dark eradicator warlock special effect is it does 1000 damage every time either player actavates a normal spell only not a equip spell or a continous spell but only a normal spell.Of course you need to tribute dark magician on the field wich this set has.I gave it a five because im a fan of magicians and it really fouceses on the stragety.", 5.0
"Its a good deck for anybody so heres a list", 5.0
"Dark Eradicator Warlock", 4.0
"Dark Magician", 5.0
"Chaos Command Magician", 5.0
"Skilled Dark Magicianx2", 5.0
"Apprentice Magicianx2", 5.0
"Gemini Elf", 1.0
"Mythical Beast Cerberus", 5.0
"White Magician Pikeru", 4.0
"Magician of faithx2", 5.0
"Royal Magic Library", 5.0
"Breaker the magical warrior", 5.0
"Rapid Fire Magician", 5.0
"Ebon Magic curran", 5.0
"Blast Magician", 4.0
"Tsukuyomi", 4.0
"spells", 5.0
"Nightmares Steelcage", 5.0
"Magical Dimensionx2", 4.0
"Dark Magic Attack", 5.0
"Heavy storm", 5.0
"Mystical space typhoon", 1.0
"Magical Blast", 4.0
"Swords of revealing light", 5.0
"Reload", 5.0
"Lightning Vortex", 5.0
"Spell Absorption", 5.0
"Diffusion Wave-Motion", 4.0
"Mystic Box", 4.0
"Premature Burial", 5.0
"Mage Power", 5.0
"Nobleman of crossout", 4.0
"traps", 4.0
"Magic Cylinder", 4.0
"Call of the haunted", 5.0
"Spell sheild type-8", 5.0
"Divine wrath", 5.0
"Pitch-Black Power Ston", 5.0
"This game offers several games combined into one handheld console.  It runs on 4AA Batteries, which last 30+ hours of play time.  This is a great way to occupy the kids on long car trips if you can hook in to the "in car" DVD or video player  Don't expect the quality of a $100 X Box controller.  But for the kids it's great.  Warning! Do not start playing this game if you are an adult.  It will suck hours out of your life in a flash.  I have purchased 3 of these games so far because we have worn the buttons out.  I wish I could pay more for a better quality controller, but heck it's a $20 kid's toy.  The fact that I would keep buying the game after we wear it out should tell you that it's fun", 4.0
"How come they never came out with the GameKey for this? (GameKey is a cartridge that adds 2 more games)?  I have noticed other Jakks plug and play games have slots for GameKey, but I have never seen them in stores.  Did Jakks Give up on the GameKey idea", 2.0
"This unit is a must for Star Wars fans.  The games are not only fun, but challenging as well.  My kids love it, too.  Why didn't they make a unit like this for the other episodes.  One can only hope!!!  Buy it NOW", 4.0
"I purchased this plug-n-play game at a local Wal-Mart for my 7 year-old. I brought it home and tried playing it but it did not work properly. (Got sound but no video). I returned it back to the store for a second one and it worked fine . . .for about 6 months. Then I noticed that the sound would start going out intermittently -because the cord/wire guage used was so thin w/poor strain relief that wire inside was actually bending/breaking after many times of being plugged in & put away.  (My son would unplug & wrap it up (loosely) to put away each time.) I would recommend this game is JAKKS would re-do their cable/wires to be more durable", 5.0
"my son LOVES this game. he's getting the hang of it slowly. his sisters wouldn't give him a turn on the playstation or gamecube so i got him his own game. wish it didn't need batteries but nothing a trip to the dollar store won't fix! graphics aren't going to be superb but for a three year old...it's perfect", 5.0
"Are you looking for a way to prolong the Star Wars magic after watching the latest film?  Say no more.  JAKKS Pacific's "Star Wars Episode III Plug & Play TV Games" is here to keep your buzz going.  And the best part is you do not need a high midi-chlorian count to revisit that galaxy far, far away.  All you need is four AA batteries, a TV set to plug the game unit into, and as much playing time as you can set aside.", 4.0
"The game unit allows you to choose between five different games.  In DROID INVASION, you are Obi-Wan Kenobi and you must fend off armies of battle droids with the help of your trusty lightsaber.  You travel from Naboo to Geonosis to Mustafar to prevent Battle Droids, Super Battle Droids, and Destroyer Droids from overrunning each planet.  Knock off certain Battle Droids and gain extra lives, a protective shield, a double-bladed lightsaber, or the ability to use a Force push on advancing droids.", 1.0
"In CORUSCANT ATTACK, you are Obi-Wan Kenobi once more and you must destroy Separatist fighters, cruisers, and battleships in your Jedi Starfighter.  Prove yourself to be an excellent pilot and gain extra lives, the opportunity to upgrade your blasters, the ability to slow down the speed of the game, or the aid of Anakin Skywalker in his own Jedi Starfighter.  Just be extra careful when dealing with those Buzz Droids.  Those dudes are nasty.", 5.0
"In GRIEVOUS ONSLAGHT, you are Anakin Skywalker and you must slice your way through Super Battle Droids and Destroyer Droids on General Grievous' flagship in order to rescue the abducted Chancellor Palpatine.  Strike down the specially-colored Super Battle Droids and gain a protective shield, the ability to Force push away advancing enemies, or the ability to freeze the Battle Droids in their tracks.  Be patient when fighting off the Bodyguard Droids and be alert on the higher levels for that is when General Grievous joins the fight.", 4.0
"In GUNSHIP BATTLE, you are a Clone Pilot piloting a Republic Gunship and you must protect and transport your fellow Clone Troopers while avoiding enemy ships and ground cannons.  Help your troops take control of fuel depots, gun turrets, and the Separatist base.  Get four Clone Troopers into the enemy base and the day is won.", 1.0
"In UTAPAU CHASE, you are Obi-Wan Kenobi riding atop the loyal Boga.  You must navigate your way past gun turrets and avoid enemy speeders intent on stopping you from catching up to General Grievous in his Wheel Bike.  While making your way across Utapau, you have the opportunity to pick up extra lives, blaster upgrades, and armor for Boga.  Remember to use Boga's tail in addition to your blasters.  They cause a whole lot of damage when making contact with gun turrets and enemy speeders.", 4.0
"Of the five games, CORUSCANT ATTACK is the most addictive while DROID INVASION and GRIEVOUS ONSLAUGHT are great too.  GUNSHIP BATTLE is a little disappointing and gets tiresome very quickly.  UTAPAU ATTACK is the weakest of the five games.  Half the time you are not even sure what is going on while playing it and Boga perishes very easily.", 4.0
"These games are not as elaborate as those Star Wars games designed for computers and game platforms but it does the job if you keep your expectations in check.  The unit itself is not bulky and is comfortable to hold.  There is a navigation control pad to the left and pair of buttons to the right.  Both the pad and buttons are easy to handle and are not awkwardly placed.  Two notable aspects of this TV plug-in game unit compared to previously-released units is that it stores your high scores after you shut it down and it allows you to pause the game while playing.", 5.0
"Any negatives?  Well, the range of sound effects is limited and unfortunately, there is no Star Wars music playing in the background while you are trying to save the galaxy.  In addition, there are no detailed instructions to the various games so many of the gameplay aspects have to be learned from playing the games over and over.  Finally, you are out of luck if you want to play as the Dark Side.  You are always battling the Separatist Forces as a Jedi.", 5.0
"Now go forth young Padawan and purchase this unit.   As Anakin Skywalker said at the beginning of Episode III - "this is where the fun begins.", 5.0
"This Star Wars game is the best plug and play game of its kind. You get to choose amongst five games. Included are two Jedi themed games, two starfighter themed games, and one in which you ride a Boga across the planet of Utapau. My personal favorites were the Coruscant Attack and the Utapau Chase. In the CA, I am Obi-Wan in a Jedi starfighter as I shoot down droid ships while trying to bring down battleships. Once you learn how to control the ship, it is all down-hill from there. In the UC, I am again Obi Wan as I ride a Boga shooting down or slamming enemy Bogas into the wall. The final showdown involves a duel with General Grievous' speeder. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good video game.", 5.0
"this is probably a fun game, I don't have it butt it sounds realy good.", 5.0
"Considering that this game is only about $20, it is a great deal. We had so much fun remembering our times in the arcades that we brought this game out at a small party. The guests loved it so much we could barely drag them away.", 5.0
"Yes, it can stick a little, but a reset works well.  And if you do wear it out, it is very cheap to replace.", 5.0
"You just need to remember what it is... a very cheap version of the old arcade games.  It won't be like Nintendo or X-box!", 5.0
"If you treat it well, it will last.", 5.0
"Remember to turn off the power switch or it will eat your batteries.  I use rechargeables in it even though it says not too and it seems to work fine.", 5.0
"The best feature is that it plugs into the front of most new TV's, so no pulling out the TV every time you want to plug or unplug it.  No messing with the 3 million cords that most of us seem to have behind the TV nowadays!", 5.0
"And for those of us who are adults now most of the time, it can just be stored out of site in a drawer or coffee table when you want to look neat and tidy.  And no game cartridges to lose or trip over.", 1.0
"How could you not just love it?", 5.0
"This was a gift to an editor friend of mine. I had no idea what to get a guy for the Holidays until he mentioned he had loved archade games in his youth.", 5.0
"After many hours editing on his computer, to decompress he will go to the Arcade TV Game System. A day doesn't go by that he doesn't thank me for it. He says he zones out and lets his hands and eyes guide his game. The only problem the unit my have is the weird grip on the stick shift, but it's all good. He has friends that come over to play with it too. He's become a very popular 45 year old.", 5.0
"I got these games about a year ago as an impulse buy.  I was walking to the checkout line in some store and I saw it on a shelf.  At first I was a little hesitant, I didn't know if I really just wanted to buy a Pacman game with some other crap on the sid.  I then realized that it had Galaga and Pole Position and I was bought.  Galaga has to be one of the garestest games ever made.  Miss Pacmcn and Pole Position are pretty addicting too.  Also, they're all the originals.  Not some fake copied version that you can get for free online.  You could play it for hours.  It holds up well too.  I hear about all these joysticks breaking after a few months and I'm scratching my haed wondering how they did that.  This is probably one of the best video game buys I ever made, including Xbox 360.  You will not regret it.", 5.0
"Again, this is only like 20 bucks! It's worth it. Buy it for small parties and people will love to reminisce about their arcade games. Yes, the joystick is awkward. I mean, for goshsakes we used to practically HANG off the joysticks on the old arcade uprights. So realize the limitations here.", 5.0
"If you really like Mappy, it's great.", 5.0
"hey people, its only $20.00.  if you are gonna gripe about the joystick then go out and buy a refurbished upright arcade version for $3,500.00.  its supposed to be fun, its not a highly tuned race car.  we not only also have the same problem with the joystick, but most of the time if you are smooth enough with the controls you will have no problems.  we are about to buy our 2nd console since we have played it so much that we almost wore the joystick out...remember how they used to get in the arcade...lol.  not to beat a dead horse, but if the joystick messes up, simply finish the game or hit reset and start over.  beats putting a quarter in every time", 5.0
"I gave this game to my husband for Christmas.  We have played so much that we have already burned through the first set of batteries.  I bought this game for Ms. Pac Man and Galaga.  Not too fond of the other games, but it is worth it for Ms. Pac Man and Galaga", 4.0
"Ordered this item and it looks GREAT!", 4.0
"Unfortuneately it did not work. Had a short in the button.", 4.0
"Returned it and am awaiting refund.  Good customer service.", 5.0
"NOTE i repleaced this item through local merchants in my area and after the third one with the same problem we decided to not purchase this toy", 5.0
"I got this as a christmas gift and i thought it was pretty cool until i started using it. It doesn't work at all. It looked really "modern technology" but it does't do anything but make thumping noises. Once when i tried to hear through the wall, i suddenly beeped really loud and it hurt my ears so i returned it. Please don't waste your money unless you have maybe a 5 year old that's just pretending to be a spy and not actually using the toy", 5.0
"This is one of those toys adults enjoy just as much as kids.  My niece and I play "spy" a lot, and this is one of our secret weapons. Surprizingly, it works pretty well for an inexpensive kids' toy. It's not so much fun that we play with it every day, but when we dig it out of the toy chest, we have fun", 5.0
"this toy works well and is great. I cant believe it is so good for such a mdoest price", 5.0
"I boght this for my little sis for her b-day and she said it was GREAT!She could hear me in my room talkin to my friends.it is really cool and i think all kids should buy this toy.BY THE WAY IT IS WONDERFUL,GREAT,AWSOME,SUPER and FUNERIFIC", 5.0
"I am eight years old. My mom bought this toy yesterday and it is so fun!!!!!Once Allysen asked me "What do you want to chat about?" And I told her "TV." Then she said "Ok lets watch a show. I'll be quiet while we watch the show." When I finished, I squeezed her left hand. She woke up. Then she said "To be honest, I kinda went to sleep." This is so amazing!!", 5.0
"I am completely disappointed in Amazing Allysen.  My daughter is 4 years old and she loves to play in her doll's hair.  As soon as she tried to come Amazing Allysen's hair, it started coming out by the handfull.  Needless to say my daughter has not picked up that doll since Christmas day.  I even thought the doll was possibly defective, but I bought this doll with another person, and they had the same problem.", 5.0
"my granddaughter turned 6 the day after Christmas so she had too many toys. My daughter says that she feels that Amazing Allison is so real that she scares my granddaughter a little. Maybe she would be better with an older child. The ethnic part is great because my granddaughter is hispanic. We feel that once the christmas gifts calm down that she will start to enjoy Allison.", 5.0
"She is a cutie,but you have to program her.According to the directions and her, she says hold her left hand to set the month of the childs birth,we did that until i got tired of her saying january,january,january! lol..finally i held both hands and she went through the months like a charm.My daughter played with her for about an 45 minutes and put her away.She likes her,but I don't know if it was worth the 60 bucks...we'll see.P.S. she takes 3 triple a and 4 double a batteries and she will tell you when her batteries are dying", 5.0
"as long as you're not playing with anyone TOO sensitive, this game is basically spectacular", 2.0
"I bought this for my girlfriend for a birthday present and what a hit.  Everyone at the bash loved it.  It is great to play w/ friends who know how to have a good time.", 4.0
"I played this game for the first time at C'mas and knew I had to have my very own game. It's hard to find, my sister in law had purchased at B&N and when I went there, they said it was no longer available...but you could buy it online.", 4.0
"It's a great game, may not be suitable for people with "thin" skin....but if you have a great sense of humor, you'll get over any of your insecurities....I'd highly recommend it.", 2.0
"I love this game!  We used to play it in college, it is so fun.  I let a friend borrow it years ago and never got it back.  I have been looking forever for it, and the company told me it was discontinued.  Now it looks like it is going to be out soon!  I can't wait!!!!!!  GREAT FUN", 4.0
"True Colors is a great game. It's fun to play with your friends and find out who they truly are", 4.0
"I recieved an old version of this game from my babysitter when I was in 6th grade.  Almost every sleepover after that three of my bestfriends and I have played this.  You learn so much about you friends and the game is really fun.  I absolutly love this game.  I am currently a senior in high school and we still play it", 5.0
"My two year old daughter has been collecting a variety of Weebels Toys since her first birthday and she loves them all, but the Weebalot Castle is, by far, her favorite play set.  The most entertaining featuring is obviously the revolving moat, and my daughter delights in dropping her Weebles into the moat through the secret passageway.  The Weebalot castle is very well made.  Our only complaint is that the draw bridge pops off very easily, but this doesn't bother my daughter as much as it bothers me.  Another reviewer complained that the music does not play long enough... the music plays for a very short time, but my daughter loves activating the musical features again and again, so this is not a problem for us.  Before my daughter received the castle, her favorite toy was the Weebly Wobbly Tree House.  She still plays with both sets often, frequently along side one another, but when she chooses only one set it is usally the castle!  We have been giving this as a first birthday gift to friends and cousins and it is always a big hit", 1.0
"my son, who is 2 1/2 loves it. he plays with it alot, my daughter, 10 months, she loves to see the weebles go around the mote and my son loves to make the music play. this is a good entertainment toy for little ones. and my daughter dose not get frustrated with the weebles 'cuse they dont fall down.i highly recomend this toy", 4.0
"Grandma got this for my daughters first birthday.  She loved the Weebles that she got for Christmas, so this is a great addition.  We've had no problem with the stairs or any other parts.  She loves it and our other girls (ages 4 and 7) love it too", 4.0
"This is a great set. Our 15 month old got this castle for Christmas. I wasn't sure that she'd understand all of the things that this toy does, but boy did she surprise us! She's showing an imagination already. Definately worth it  - HIGHLY reccomended", 2.0
"we got the castle for our 16 month old and she absolutely loves it!  By far her favorite toy of this Christmas", 4.0
"This is a great toy I remember playing with weebles when I was a kid so it's great that my daughter will get to play with the same thing. Although these weebles are upgraded from back in the day. But the music is great.  My daughter loves the moat the moves around the castle she throws all her toys in there and likes to watch them go 'round and round.", 2.0
"My daughter, not quite one, got this gift for Christmas and it is by far her favorite toy.  There are lots of things to do with the castle (relatively speaking for a one year old toy) and it is very well constructed.  She loves to watch the moat go around the castle and listen to the music as it circles.  You get three weeble characters with the toy, along with a book, and can buy other accessories to go with the castle.  Great toy for a good price", 2.0
"Weebles were my favorite toy when I was young, providing me with hours of fun!  My daughter is equally entranced by them and often matches them with her Little People and creates an entire city.", 1.0
"My issue with some of the Weeble toys is that they don't function the way you think they will.  Like with all the things that spin in order to get the Weebles wobbling there is often a traffic back up pretty much rendering the idea of the toy useless.  The unit is so big and to not have it work properly makes you wish the could design it differently.", 5.0
"I gave it four stars for the traffic jams, but from my daughter it would receive 5 for the hours of fun it provides her.", 5.0
"Nowadays, I don't buy these Weeble play units myself, but never mind them as a gift.  I buy the Weebles by themselves to play in the units I already own", 5.0
"My son just received this for his 3rd birthday. Since we live in Florida, he has already been able to use it this year. The picture on the website and package is a bit deceiving------it is not nearly as long as they try to make it appear. Nonetheless, my son loves this and is having a great time with it. Also, package indicated that this is for ages 5 and up. Maybe there is a slight possibility of a choking hazard if one of the small pieces were to come off, but I think this is highly unlikely. I think this is perfect for a 3 year old or even younger. Also, super easy to set up and put away when not in use", 4.0
"These type of puzzles are nice because the pieces do not get all bent up and ruined after multiple uses.  Perfect for my almost 2 year old because it still offers a challenge, but isn't so challenging that she loses interest", 5.0
"I'm a grandma & love playing Monopoly Jr. with my grandchildren. The game lasts about 45 min. just long enough for little minds. Many skills are developed, reading "Chance Cards, exchanging money, color recognition & following simple & exciting directions.  The game is so well deveoped for children 5-8.", 5.0
"My son has a great time creating new dinosaurs with the two sets that we purchased for him.  The magnets hold gently so they are easy to take apart and change, but it takes awhile to learn how to handle them so they don't fall apart", 4.0
"I got this toy from an outlet store for my 4 yr old and we have all had fun playing with them, including his 7 yr old sister. We make monsters as well as the real dinosaurs, I am now shopping for more sets at full price they are sooooo cool", 4.0
"This doll is wonderful for little girls. She is soft and cuddly with no hard edges and she is beautiful", 5.0
"this is the best toy ever!!!!!!!! i had a lot of fun using it. u should buy it to!!!!!!", 5.0
"My 1 yr old loves these blocks, and so do I.  They are sturdy and they have old style charm.  The ONLY gripe I have about these blocks is one of these blocks has a sea lion on it, but is labelled "seal."  It's a commonly made mistake", 5.0
"Great size, good quality, attractive primary colors, smooth edges and stack beautifully.  Given to grand-daughter for 1st birthday along with the Uncle Goose Wagon and set of blocks and she plays with these on a daily basis.  Loves to have someone stack them up so she can tumble them over and then laughs and giggles.  She can build her own towers too!  Imagine these will be played with for a very long time while many of the other toys from the October birthday are long forgotten.  She loves "chewing" on the blocks but they do not splinter, come apart, chip or anything else as she continues to get the baby teeth in!  Adults like  playing with the blocks too...see all sorts of messages arranged with them that I know Abby did not do in spite of her genius status!", 2.0
"A first time grandma", 5.0
"This product is an excellent way for a young child to learn the alphabet and the order of the letters of the alphabet.", 2.0
"I could not be happier with this product", 2.0
"It is smaller than I expected. Probably it is better to include the size next time.", 4.0
"My daughter (2 years old) recieved hers today and instantly took to it. I am so pleased. The colors are bright and eye catching, the pictures are familiar objects (this is a major thing because she has alphabet flash cards with things like dragons and queens and what not, things she doesn't see on a regular basis and so are not familiar to her). I just hope she'll let me get to them long enough to go through the entire alphabet with her lol", 5.0
"Well, I heard that the gun was LOUD!I don't think the preformence would be that great because the Double-Shot get jammed a lot and the bullets f#%@ up.", 4.0
"I think BuzzBee has good guns though.Nerf has better darts so you can cut them so they'll fit.Overall I think it will be OK."IMPORTANT NOTE!" I DO NOT     HAVE THIS GUN.I AM RATING BY MY RESEARCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 4.0
"This dart blaster is great stuff for kids. Due to the force with which this gun shoots, I had my kids use googles. The gun has a problem which is that it does jam occasionally and when you go to clear it, the loading caps can fly out of the barrel in the direction of the eyes....However, as with any toy that "blasts" as long as caution is used, it is a great toy", 4.0
"This review is for the Ruff Stuff Air Blasters Motorized Mech Tommy 20 Dart Blaster. The gun has comparable range to other nerf type guns. What the gun lacks in accuracy it makes up for with the rapid fire shots 20 dart capacity. The motor is a little bit noisy but so is pumping those other guns too right?", 4.0
"Also, you this gun is really fun when you use the Nerf dart tag velcro bullets. The only problem is you have to cut the ends off of those bullets because they are too long for this gun. Overall, a pretty decent gun.", 5.0
"Well, i haven't gotton this gun yet, but plan on for Christmas, and trust me on this review, i have done my research. Cons, this gun is noisy because of the motor, so u can forget about stealth, but who wants to do that when u have a fully auto?? Also,this gun holds 20 darts, so when your barrel is empty, RUn for cover!!!! The good things, r that you can either single-shot this gun, in other words, however fast u can pull the trigger, and has an rapid-fire action, so u will win the War. I will write back when i get this weapon, and look forward to the future wars i shall conquer with my Mech Tommy 20!!!     =)", 5.0
"I had no idea how this gun worked before I got it, but figured since it could fire 20 darts it would be decent.  It's a pretty good gun, it uses two spinning plastic discs to hurl the darts forward.  The problem with this, is that it isn't always accurate, depending on how the dart gets ejected into them, and also it's kind of loud when it's on.  But you can fire 20 darts within a few seconds, that still makes it very fun.", 4.0
"I've already lost 2 darts though, and only emptied the clip a few times.  Now I need to find the refills someplace", 4.0
"i thought it was fun because now i can see in the dark. but, it does not work for any other pixer exept the color", 4.0
"This item was a highly requested item by both my children to use with their 'regular' pixters. My children were very excited to get one, because 'now' they could play with their pixters in the car during night travels/trips (or any time it was difficult to see the screen, which is pretty much most of the time!). Well, long story short, you can NOT use the light with the 'regular/original' pixters! It does NOT state anywhere on the package exactly what pixters they are compatable with. It only says that it can not be used with all pixters, and that statement is not very visible! The light needs to be able to plug into the top of the pixter game unit and the 'regular/orginal' units are not made for this. My kids were extremely disappointed, as was I", 5.0
"melissa and doug continue to make quality products, including this colorful puzzle. the pieces are big enough for little hands to grasp and colorful and sturdy as well. this is a keeper! with such detail and color, this puzzle draws in adults as well", 5.0
"I highly recommend this product to all electronics new comers and even college students will benefit from it. Assembling circuits is easy and lessons are easy to understand. You will develop solid knowledge in analog and digital electronics including microcontrollers. This tool will let you build skills for assembling circuits the correct way, finding errors, keeping components and wires in a proper way (it prevents you from building mess on the workbench). It is definetly worth the money", 5.0
"This 500-in-1 kit has more features than the average attention span can handle (I won't re-hash the list here. You can find the complete list of projects online somewhere).", 5.0
"So, this is not a "Well, this looks like a good gift for Johnny" product.  Whoever is going to receive (if it's a gift) or purchase for themselves, should be fairly serious about learning electronics.  If not, start with a much smaller kit, and work yourself up to this one.", 4.0
"As far as construction, it's pretty sturdy.  The breadboard is centrally located and from a layout perspective, I had no trouble setting up any of the experiments.", 4.0
"******  NOTE  *******", 5.0
"There are a TON of resistors, wires, caps, etc.", 4.0
"I ended up buying a couple plastic partitioned containers to hold everything and that still wasn't enough.  Pretty much everything comes in an individually marked plastic bag, and Tesla help you if you don't take care in replacing everything back into the correct baggie, or you'll quickly memorize the Resistor Identification chart...though, that may not be a bad side-effect :)", 5.0
"*********************", 5.0
"I did have some trouble with the breadboard itself, in that some of the slots were really tough to punch into and with my big sausage-like fingers, I ended up bending a few leads and wire ends here and there and settled on using some needle nose pliers to feed the tough slots.", 5.0
"The experiments are split up into 3 large softbound manuals (Aprox 10"x14") and cover a very wide range of projects.  There are "Did you know" type blurbs throughout which makes them informative.", 1.0
"******  NOTE  *******", 5.0
"My biggest problem with this kit is with the text of the experiments. I found myself wanting more "This is what's happening and why" type of information, but what you get is mostly just how to set up the project.  IMHO, it's missing 1 or 2 more paragraphs talking about the Why of the project.", 4.0
"**********************", 1.0
"Ironically, the most use I actually got out of this kit, was to prototype and test some circuts and devices (motors, lights, solenoids, etc) using the breadboard and the variable resistor pots, but I've since purchased a breadboard from R.S. and some basic wires/resistors/caps/etc that allow me to do all that.", 1.0
"My ADD only allowed me to trek through the first manual before I saw another shiny object and left this kit to gather dust in the closet.  If you are serious about using a kit to learn electronics, then this is probably for you.  If you are looking at it from a hobby view, I'd recommend starting with something smaller.", 2.0
"(Sorry for the long review, but since no one else has submited one, I figured I'd try to be of some help)", 1.0
"My 20 month old son loves these crayons -- they color well, clean up easily and don't dissolve.  However, the crayons keep falling out of the plastic holders.  This bothers me more than it does my son", 2.0
"These are, without a doubt, the BEST bathtub crayons available (and we've tried all brands!) The pigment is vibrant, and they even color under water. It doesn't matter if they get wet...they still work (unlike other bathtub crayons). These 'click' up to expose fresh crayon, and do NOT dissolve in water. Clean up is easy with the provided duck sponge (and when my husband is in charge of bathtime, and forgets to clean the tub, I can testify that they do, indeed, wash off without staining the tub!) I can't recommend these crayons enough to other parents...our toddler loves them and has become quite the bathtime artist. A great gift for friends too", 1.0
"I bought this for my granddaughter to go with her new Cabbage Patch doll and she was thrilled with it.  She immediately packed her doll's clothes into the case and was pulling the case all over the house. The case was a big hit with her", 1.0
"I love this backpack. My daughter is in preschool and she loves cabbage patch kids. I bought her a Dora backpack at the beginning of the school year and the zipper broke. A little girl in her class had this backpack, so of course my daugher had to have it. So I searched around and found it!! It is very durable and easy to clean. My daughter likes that it has wheels and that she can wear it like a backpack. It has alot of room inside about the same room as a childs suitcase. It is perfect to hold her art work and library book! Hope this review helps!!!", 5.0
"If you're using a Glow-A-Lot Care Bear as an alternative for a child's night light, here's a fun "hint:"  keep a flashlight by your child's bedside so that they can recharge the Care Bear's glow in the middle of the night without waking mommy or daddy.  Plus, this allows the child to boast that they were able to help themselves :", 5.0
"My child did not quite understand this game.  It's confusing even with instructions.  He worked on it for about a week and now it's doomed at the bottom of his toybox", 5.0
"This "toy" is the biggest waste of money! When I got it, there were few reviews out about it.  It is very complicated to use and the web site never works and there is nothing to do on it when it does.  They should be repaying all of us our money for having bought this! Don't waste your money", 5.0
"This product is a waste of time! Don't bother. The handheld game is entertaining for my daughter, but connecting it online via the website is frustrating to say the least! Once connected, we walked around the "virtual world" with nothing to do. It is too complicated for my 8 yr old to do alone. There are much better products out there for children that are similar, but easier to play with. I would suggest Webkinz or Neopets. These 2 sites are very kid friendly and have educational games to play, unlike the Muichiz site! Good luck..", 5.0
"This toy can't be unsed unless you go online and "update" it.  We have spent countless hours trying to "update" this toy - and ther is always a problem.  The website is down or some other technical problem.  Then IF the website is up - you go through the whole process and the toy still does not update - so it is unusable!  It is a complete waste of money", 4.0
"I got this for my 8 yr old daughter for her birthday and she loves it!", 4.0
"She really loves taking care of the Miuchiz and making credits to buy things for it.  I didn't know there were games on there also that girls her age would like, such as tic tac toe and paper, rock, scissors!", 5.0
"She really enjoys the Miuchiz and I highly recommend for girls her age.", 4.0
"Don't waste your time on this thing until they fix the bugs. We bought the Bratz one & it thought it was a Pawz when we took it online. After 10 or so total hours (Yes, I know what I'm doing) fighting it I gave up & took it back. Tech support is a joke. There's NOTHING in the manual or online help, only a link to tech support who sends the exact same auto response every time, and none of those responses addresses the issue.", 5.0
"I purchased this item for my daughters 7 and 5 for Christmas.  Very Good choice", 5.0
"While my grandson and son had a lot of fun with it for a week, it completely fell apart within the first week.  The heads on the fighting figures completely broke off and cannot be repaired.  This toy is definitely not worth the money", 5.0
"Everyone in my family has played this...it helps get some of the everyday aggressions out!! The only problem we have had is Superman comes off if you play very hard with it. The kids wish Superman's head was more noticeable when he is hit", 5.0
"My son loves Superman so this was a no-brainer. He's 5 and even knows how to fix it when it comes apart. Simple, Fun, get one, it's better than the original I had 40 years or so ago", 5.0
"I paid twice the price for this item at another location.  I wouldn't say it was great at that price but it's a steal for just over $6.00.  It's sturdily constructed with only six pieces to put together(which are a little difficult for the uncordinated to snap together at first).  Once together, the pieces stay together nicely.  It's not a game that kids play for hours (which is why it only received 4 stars) but they will play it repeatedly for short bursts of time.  My advice, give all newcomers a chance to see how to "knock-out" both opponents and then play away.  Even the grown-ups end up wanting a turn", 5.0
"This is, in fact, an anti-nerf hoop. The whole point of having a nerf hoop is the simplicity and safety of it. But this toy takes many batteries, some in the hoop and some in...the BALL! I mean, what is the POINT of a Nerf ball that weighs two pounds? It breaks things and/or can hurt if it's thrown too hard. It lands with a loud "thump" and I have to yell not to throw it at the walls. And what is the point of a basketball that doesn't bounce? It hits the floor with a "thud" and stays there. Okay, it's cool that it lights up, but big deal unless you're playing after bedtime. I wish I had bought one of the flimsy rings that you can suction-cup to a door, and a soft, squishy ball that you could bounce off your sister's head. I wish Amazon SOLD them! I wish Nerf still MADE them! This is an over-developed toy that doesn't give my kid half the pleasure that it could. (And don't get me started on how hard you have to push to turn the light on in the ball, or what a pain it is to open the battey compartment.", 5.0
"I got this 1 month ago and I started out loving it. But when it started raining outside, the backboard got ruined because it was made out of paper so customers, don't buy this hoop. Look for another one", 5.0
"HELLO, I HAVE THE NERF NITE JAM HOOP PERSONALLY, AFTER READING THE OTHER REVEIWS I BEG TO DIFFER. I THINK THAT  TOY IS VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY DURABLE. THE ONLY SMALL COMPLAINT I HAVE IS THAT WHEN YOU TRY TO LIGHT THE BALL UP, IT IS HARD TO PRESS IN BUT YOU CAN GET YOUR DAD TO DO IT OR SOMEONE OLDER AND STRONGER THAN YOU. OVER ALL, I THINK THIS TOY IS AWESOME AND YOU SHOUD GIT IT! THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME IN READING MY REVEIW. TANK YOU AGAIN", 5.0
"the ball is very durable it took me 2 days from kicking it and hitting it with a baseball bat to break but its to heavy the hoop can handle it but any thing else in the room can", 5.0
"Hi, this hoop is very good for rainy days and for kids that like to dunk but are too small to dunk on a regular hoop. It is very easy to put together. All you have to do is snap the rim in...and put the net on...put it on your door... and there you go. The one bad thing is, the net sometimes falls off, but it's no big deal", 5.0
"Let me first say that I love KidKraft because they think like parents!", 5.0
"Also, as of 12/9/06 Amazon did not have the correct image of this item, the pictures was for the kidkraft trundle in the natural color, not honey.", 5.0
"These trundles came with my son's train table from KidKraft. I was drawn to them for many reasons:", 5.0
"*They are BIG!!!! You can't fit all the train pieces in those other tables that have pull out drawers or the tiny baskets that slide underneath the table. I LOVE that two trudles are the size of the table - HUGE!", 5.0
"*They are on casters. Easy in, easy out! My kid can do it so I don't have to! They are easy enough to roll around that my 2-year-old son can do it on his own. If you look carefully at the trundles, you'll see that there are even cut-outs for small fingers to grab the trundles so they can move them. It's impossible to smash your fingers between the trundle and table.", 4.0
"*They are easy for kids organize! One side of the trundle has a rope handle, while the other side has a chalkboard plate so you can label what is in each! (or do as I did, and draw a picture of a train and a picture of train tracks so my kiddo knows what is what since he can't read yet)", 5.0
"*Again, did I mention they are HUGE??", 5.0
"These trundles are well made with the casters fitting easily into place by screwing in a pre-drilled hole. A simple washer fits over the top and lays flush with the inside of the table so little ones can't hurt themselves on sharp screws or hardware. My husband and I had these both put together (he did one while I did the other) in 10 minutes max.", 5.0
"Like I said in the beginning, these were well thought out. I love the features of the trundles - I'm sure a parent was involved in creating these! I also believe you get what you pay for, and while these are some of the more 'expensive' trundles on the market, they are well worth it. After a year of play, they are holding up just fine, with very little wear and tear (and that's with a 2-year-old!)", 5.0
"well i got this scrapbook when i was like 9.. its is and ok scrapbook but the materials waste really fas", 4.0
"My friends and I absolutely love this game.  I consider it a cross between Outburst and Trivial Pursuit.  It has all the fun of spouting off the answers like Outburst, but you play as an individual as in Trivial Pursuit.  The Smarty Pants that come with the game just make it that much more clever", 5.0
"Forget those other trivia games, you've got to play Smarty Party!  I got this game for Christmas and we had a ball playing it.  At first everyone was apprehensive and only 4 of us played while others stood around and watched.  Well it was far too hard for them to keep quiet so they joined in the next game and all 8 pieces were put to use.  This game is sort of like Outburst but without all the chaos.  Everyone plays in every round.  The topics are interesting and you'll be amazed at the things your friends and family will know.  Strategy, luck, and smarts all factor in, so it keeps things interesting and the person that thinks they are the smarty pants just may not be the winner!  The little rubber pants are great!  We are playing tonight at our New Year's Eve party and I can't wait", 1.0
"A great twist on the traditional trivia game.  Advanced players will like the strategy involved in deciding who you want to guess first and other small nuances.  The best part is that you will have fun with geniuses and with those missing a few tools in the toolbox; and everyone is involved in every round, so there's no down time", 5.0
"A fabulous twist on your average trivia game. One player is the reader, and announces the category of the card to the rest of the players. Most cards have 2 categories - for example "Characters in Lord of the Rings:The Two Towers and Countries that belong to NATO". The reader chooses a start player, and players take turns naming things that they think are on the list. The reader uses the nifty little device to mark correct answers. The first player to give an incorrect answer gets a 3 point chip; the next 2 wrong answers get a 2 point chip, and the last few wrong answers get a 1 point chip. Once all the items have been guessed or all the chips are gone, the round is over. Each player moves forward the number of spaces equal to their chip value, except for the Smarty Pants, the person who gave the last correct answer - they get to throw away one chip.  The next reader is the person in last place. The game ends when one or more players goes over the end line on the board; the winner is the player closest to the start. Forget Trivial Pursuit - this is much more fun. Plus, who wouldn't love a game that comes with a pair of rubber pants", 5.0
"We bought three of them and gave two as gifts, for all three families it was the hit of the season.  Little kids adapt it for their motor skills and old people adapt it for the most laughs! you get to shoot or throw meatballs at Alfredo! Who wouldn't like that? The meatballs are soft (think Cabbage patch) balls with yarn spaghetti. The kids can throw them at each other without harm but it's more fun to stick them on Alfredo's velcro patches as he slowly spins on his base", 5.0
"I bought this game for my 4 year old daughter to play with her 7 year old sister(who has Down Syndrome.)  Both girls LOVE it!  They quickly convinced their 16 year old brother to play.", 5.0
"This is one of the few games where a 4 year old and a 16 year old are on the same footing.  Skillfully loading your meatball onto the fork is a matter of technique that is easily mastered by the younger set.  This has brought us hours of laughter and fun so far and will become, I am sure, a family classic.", 4.0
"Harmless meatballs will fly over your head, giggles will follow.  You might find yourself purposely "missing" every now and then just to watch them fly.", 4.0
"I would recommend this game for any setting that incorporates adults and children in cooperative play.  Also, my two youngest can easily set up and manage the game by themselves.", 5.0
"Our family was THRILLED with the operation of this toy...it was the most interesting toy (of Imaginext, K'nex, Hot Wheels) that we have constructed so far.  We got this toy on markdown at a toy store, and concluded that it was the best deal we've EVER gotten.", 5.0
"Construction:  My 8 year old son needed a little help to build this, which 10 year old sister was unable to provide (too hard to find the mistake, and she's not as good with spacial skills as little bro).  Good spacial skills are required, so recommended for older kids and/or experienced builders.", 5.0
"Oversight:  It took a little parent correction of complicated build (checking for firm clicking and good angles) and tweaking of ramp heights to get this working perfectly and feeling surprisingly stable.  Instructions were fully detailed drawings of steps, fairly easy to follow, but a little difficult to tell the orange from the red (deducible by length).", 4.0
"Operation:  The run of the three tubers is fascinating to watch (at least an hour...'til bedtime).  There is only one ramp that has not quite enough slope to *always* get the tuber down, but he goes off by himself; occasional flips of tubers upright in the bottom pool before the lift are helpful but not required (25% of the time).  Less than 10% of the time does a tuber flip cause the tuber to run off the ramp.  We've had 2.5 hours operation without mishap (once we tightened the lift belt and lift sticks) so far, and are looking forward to trying the alternate build.  We were very impressed with the engineering; particularly since we'd had to build our own machines from scratch for class assignments, and the kids know how hard it is to plan something that actually works.", 5.0
"Reliability:  Cannot yet speak to reliability, as we haven't yet encountered a problem.", 1.0
"Missing parts:  Unsure whether parts were missing, or whether kids just lost two rods when tearing open packages.  We were able to find the same length and color rods in our other K'nex sets, and there are some "leftover"/replacement parts for most of the pieces--particularly the unique pieces", 1.0
"I got it for christmas. But I didn't open it until the 29th. I started at 5 P.M. and ended at 9 P.M. 4 HRS!!! The last was 2 days with screaming serpent but didn't work as planned. I don't know why though. I'll try again on July 28. ANyway, If you're gonna get a knex set for someone and they're a rookie or have never done it before, I TOTALLY recommend this set. It's the greatest K'nex Set I have ever owned", 1.0
"BUILT THIS WITH MY SON.TOY FALLS OVER WHEN HEAVY MACHANICAL PIECE IS SET ON TOP OF UNSTABLE BASE CAUSING MAJOR DESTRUCTION AND DESTROYING HOURS OF WORK. BAD DESIGN.ALSO WAS MISSING PIECES NEEDED TO FINISH", 1.0
"I am 14 and I could do this very easily and it worked great I reccomend it to everyon", 4.0
"For all the K'nex we have bought, this one was a dissappointment.  As others have stated, the overall design is clumsey and cheap looking.  The chain mechanism works ok with assistance, and the sliders fall off or get stuck. Our son is very clever with these toys and he was confused by the instructions.  Oh yeah...we had several missing pieces....maybe that's why!!", 5.0
"I will say this though...we got ours for 50% off and that's the only consolation to buying this toy", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my son after we got K'NEX SCREAMIN' SERPENT Roller Coaster.", 5.0
"We were amazed with roller coaster (everything worked perfect)so we got Corkscrew Canyon. Although it has great instructions and looks amazing, guys riding the water slides keep falling or ending up upside down and the ride get stuck", 5.0
"This is a premature and overly ambitious design. My 7 year old is a gifted builder, and worked on several K'nex building models easily, and begged for something more challenging. When I bought this most expensive and supposedly most advanced model from Toysrus, I expected it would give fun not only in building, but also in motorized operation as the box claimed. I was totally disappointed. The whole system appeared weak and shaky, the sliding connections are not smooth, the riders get easily stuck at anywhere, or fall off.  It is not broken yet, but it can never operate a full round without some manual assistance. The system also looks cheap and clumsy. It now occupies a big corner of the room, and is waiting to be disembled. We will leave it there for a few more days, only to sooth the boy's remorse for his effort in building it.", 5.0
"My recommendation is, buy it only if your life is overwhelmingly happy, so you need to balance it by spending $80 to buy a few days of frustration", 5.0
"Assembly time: 3-4 hours (1 adult).", 5.0
"Time till broken: 45 mins (2 kids, ages 3 & 7).", 4.0
"The gear system that works with the motor for pulling the riders up to the top of the "Canyon" broke in less than one hour of what I would consider to be average non-abusive play.  The chain flows around the two gears, but when a tiny bit of resistance is encountered, it gets stuck.  There's not enough torque to overcome nominal resistance, even just to overcome the sprocket that is used to adjust which chute the rider goes down.", 1.0
"I think it's a great concept, great toy, but apparently more thought or "horsepower" needs to be built into the most important element of the product.  Once this broke, the kids were completely disinterested in it.  Not to mention seeing four hours of time down the "slide" just because the manufacturer didn't properly QA or engineer an $80 toy.", 1.0
"I also agree with the other reviewers who said that the riders often get stuck, fall off, tumble upside down and don't behave on "auto-pilot".  However, this did engage the kids, and provided more laughter than anything else for it's 45 min fun filled life.", 2.0
"And yes, we tried fresh batteries, and the chain is on the right way ;)", 1.0
"I bought this on sale and feared it would be a SALE toy, but I was impressed that it is cute and works. My baby is only 11 weeks old but it keeps her entertained and is interactive. I should have bought an extra one of the inlaws house", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my baby, it was his first birthday. My son played with the toy, he loved the toy.  I loved this toy, until the ears stopped working. We only had the toy for 3 weeks when they stopped moving.  The toy still has the music/voice working.  But it isn't the same with out the ears moving.  He doesn't like it anymore. I  don't have the packaging anymore to send it back.  I wished it still worked.", 5.0
"I have a 2 month old grandson living with me, and he has cholic.   Sweet boy, but he barely ever wants you to set him down.  Needless to say a few of the Christmas gifts I have bought, we have pulled out to play with a little bit early.  This is a wonderful toy!   One of the most comforting things for my grandson is to be talked to in a soft calm voice.  I saw this toy on the shelf and I am the type who pushes all the buttons to test before buying.  The voice is a very soothing voice and the sweet "I love you baby" at the end is perfect!   My grandson so far LOVES this toy.  He doesn't take well to many, but this one has great animations and music, and keeps him interested...  best of all it makes him laugh!  Something he doesn't do to often yet.  Of course we have to shake the rattle... but I am sure he will learn how soon enough.  A definte 5 stars just to hear him laugh and smile!  Recommended for any finicky child", 5.0
"My daughter love this toy.  My Mother-in-law gave us this for our little angel and she like to play with it specially with the ear start to move, she loves the music.  Highly recommend", 1.0
"	 Singing and dancing toys seem to be very popular now. Peek N Play Eeyore first reminded me of a toy I had when I was younger, Tickle Me Elmo.", 5.0
"	I noticed that Eeyore is an interactive toy like Elmo was, but it seems to have more activities and songs. Eeyore has seven different activities that toddles can enjoy. While I remember Elmo as having only two or three. Eeyore sings well known songs like "Patty Cake"  and also has movable ears for the child to enjoy.", 5.0
"	Also, Eeyore is motion activated which can  make it easier for the child to play with. All that is needed is a shake of the butterfly or a clap of the hands to activate the toy. On the other hand, with Elmo you had to push his stomach which may have been harder for some children to do.", 4.0
"	Another benefit of Eeyore is that he is soft and cuddly, which is practical for a child's toy. Tickle Me Elmo had a hard middle which could cause injuries if accidentally hit with it, as can happen with kids.", 5.0
"	Overall, Eeyore seems to be a practical gift for anyone with a young child or toddler. He is entertaining, educational, and fun for kids to play with. He has variety, which is a necessity since it can help limit boredom.", 4.0
"This is the most cutest toy I ever seen.......I hope my baby will love it as much as mum and dad do.....*smil", 5.0
"I am a nanny two a 2 1/2 year old little boy - he was at a playdate and his friend had this game. They fought over it so much.....also the child I care for is very into sports, especially basketball", 2.0
"Toy broke within two days of play.  Not very good qualit", 5.0
"The puzzle is a cute idea, but the paper pictures wrapped around each cube is poorly adhered.  The paper often hangs over the sides and/or is not glued to the cube, so the paper is easily torn off.  I have had to glue every piece of paper onto each of the cubes, and still my children find a loose piece that is too tempting not to tear.  I wish the pictures were somehow stamped or painted on.  I also wish the puzzle came with larger pictures of what the puzzles were going to look like once finished, so the children can better visualize what they are trying to make.  I really like the idea, but I think the quality needs to be improved", 4.0
"received this cute tunnel as a gift for my 9 month old son.  he loves to crawl back and forth in it.  he likes the one little section with see- through netting.  but after a couple of weeks of gentle play and not folding/unfolding the tunnel, many of the seams are coming apart.  very disappointing", 5.0
"Bought this for our 10 month old, even though it says for ages 3 and up.  He really liked it and would crawl through it quite a bit.  I am giving it 5 stars because it is a quality product for a great price", 5.0
"I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this item for my 2 year old. As others have discovered, the ramp fell apart IMMEDIATELY!!!! It looks nice, but isn't actually much fun to play with - there is nothing connecting the levels other than the clunky elevator, which makes it difficult to access the vehicles", 5.0
"I really wasn't very happy with this garage. The ramp broke very quickly and it is hard to get the cars in and out of the elevator. It comes apart and is hard to move around. It was more expensive than the fisher price garage and not as durable", 4.0
"Inspired no doubt by Dungeons and Dragons is this magnificent set in Fisher Price's Imaginext line.  Dragon keeper Dungeon is home to the terrible fire-breathing, Red Dragon and his Goblin henchman.  The set allows you to a variety of different looks to the dungeon with pieces that are interchangeable to get the look you want.  Also makes it easier for little ones.  The set features various gates and trapdoors that can be opened and closed.  The dragon figure is well articulated for posing atop or inside of the dungeon.  The dragon can also shoot out fireballs to make him more menacing. Of course the set is compatible witt the other Imaginext sets as well.  Contrary to the other reviewer, I've found the set to be quite sturdy and well constructed.  Great looking piece", 4.0
"The pictures and concept are very enticing, but stick to Lego and Playmobil for durability.  The Imaginext set we purchased was hard for a 6yr old to assemble.  The pieces don't stay together easily, so right now it is in pieces all over the floor.  Not much fun for the 6-yr old in the long run and not fun for Mom!", 1.0
"This is really cool.  I like it a lot.  It's a great-looking toy that's jam-packed with action features and versatility.", 5.0
"The scene is a small dragon's lair, home to a red dragon and his goblin friend.  Features include an opening gate, a smaller gate in the back, a trap door that can drop someone into the dungeon, and a rocky dragon head sculpture that drops flaming boulders on intruders.  There's also a nest where the dragon can perch while keeping watch over his domain.", 4.0
"The set piece is comprised of interlocking pieces that snap together.  Rock formations, walls, and floorboard pieces are all designed to fit together in numerous ways.  Constructing your own variation is as simple as coming up with an idea.  Assembly instructions are easy to follow.  It just took a few moments to examine the various pieces and the ways they fit together, and I got the hang of it.  Accessories include decorative railings, some torches, a tree, a well, and numerous tree branches, all of which can be moved around and placed in different spots on the structure.", 1.0
"The dragon's lair looks great and has some nice detail in the rock formations, railings, and accessories.  The completely assembled set piece is durable and can be moved around without falling apart.  The pieces themselves are solid.  Durable and attractive.  This is a quality toy that sports great craftsmanship.", 1.0
"The dragon is posable (movable arms, legs, wings) and can shoot large, flat fireball projectiles.  Load them into his back and push the trigger on his tail to fire away.  Hitting the target on the dragon head sculpture opens its mouth, releasing fireballs to fall on intruders below.  The dragon can sit in his nest, or he can stand on it (his feet fit onto some pegs on the nest).", 5.0
"Also included is a goblin figure.  This guy is really cool.  He's got some good posability in the arms and a great look about him (nice expression on the face).  He comes with a helmet, shield, and three weapons (an axe, a halberd, and a staff).  His hands can grasp all of the items.  I haven't had any problems with weapons falling out of his hands.  They did a great job of designing this guy.  I like him a lot.", 5.0
"All you need are some more figures to liven the place up a bit.  I went out and got Dextrus, Enchantra, and the Minotaur to keep my goblin company.  This set also works nicely when combined with Bravemore Castle.  King Bravemore can battle the goblin while his roc squares off with the dragon.", 4.0
"For the target audience, this toy probably provides loads of fun, especially because it can be built and re-built in different configurations and it's 100% compatible with other Imaginext toys (Bravemore Castle, Dragomont's Fortress, pirates).  I had a great time assembling it and playing around with it.  And it can be easily stored.  When you're done playing around with it, just take it apart and store the pieces in the box they came in (or a toy box).  Building it up again is a snap.", 5.0
"Attractive.  Durable.  Looks great.  What's not to like?  My verdict:  thumbs way up.  This dragon and his goblin buddy got me hooked on Imaginext", 5.0
"I bought this for my son for Christmas.  Unfortunately, it is clearly for girls only.  The description did not indicate this and, if it did, it was not clear enough for this working Mom to notice.  He actually got this from Santa and now thinks that Santa's elves screwed up and gave him a girl's thing by mistake and a girl has his boy present.", 5.0
"I got this recently for christmas. At first i thought all you could do was play, feed and groom you pet. I was very wrong. I can do all that plus you can walk around seeing other digital pets and you can listen to the radio, dance with others, connect your digital pet to another, collect stamps and play games. i love this toy it's not a rip off! the best price i have seen for it is 15 dollars", 5.0
"I was labelled as gifted and talented as a child, and am big into games that are truely stimulating. I bought this game for my 11 year old brother for Christmas. I received it yesterday in the mail and was so excited about it, I had to open it.  My husband (who doesn't like to play games!) and I played it all night!  We would have contests to see who could "beat" the next level!  Now I'll have to get another one for my brother, because we are kepping this one!  A couple of them really stumped me for a while, but after enough staring at it, I would figure it out.  I love games like these, my parents used to get me games like this when I was younger.  Set, is one of my favorites.  The mensa website has a lot of recommendations for games to challenge you. I am such a huge advocate of educational games like these!", 5.0
"Another great thinking game from "Think Fun".  I belong to a homeschool "strategy labs" group, which is run by a former gifted and talented public school teacher, and she introduced me to Think Fun games.", 5.0
"My children thoroughly enjoy them, and have more patience than I would have expected to try and solve the puzzles.", 5.0
"A previous reviewer said that this game is good for "gifted" children, and I'm sure it is, but I think it is a great game for ANY child who likes to solve puzzles, regardless of their giftedness at them.", 5.0
"I would even buy this game (or perhaps River Crossing Jr, or Rush Hour) for a child who DOESN'T particularly like puzzles, because with some adult encouragement, the child may really enjoy it (thus learning that he/she DOES like puzzles) and improve his ability to think visually and plan several moves ahead - quite a nice bonus.", 4.0
"Given to me as a 'joke', but became a hit with all ages during a recent visit to friends in Brazil. In fact, our friend is a child psychologist in Sao Paulo and she indicated that it would be a great tool with her clients. She later reports that it is a big hit in the clinic.", 5.0
"We have replaced the set left in Brazil along with set 2, and have sent River Crossing Jr to our grandchildren.", 4.0
"This is a challenging mental exercise. We need more of these in our times", 5.0
"We really enjoyed this game.  My dad, me and my 4-year-old played together, figuring out solutions.  I admit it's a bit hard for my 4-year-old but she will be ready for this eventually ( and in the meantime we can play together). I would buy another one for my 6-year-old niece.", 4.0
"I wish there were replacement pieces as now I am a little apprehensive of losing one of the essential logs included.", 4.0
"Instructions are easy and playing is fun!  Highly recommended.", 5.0
"My grandson is 11 and he just isn't interested in this game.  I bought both of the River Crossing games, for Christmas, and he hasn't even looked at the second one", 5.0
"I received this game for Christmas, and I hadn't even asked for it.  I absolutely LOVE it.", 5.0
"The game consists of the main puzzle tray, plastic stumps, a little magnetic man, 5 magnetic plastic boards of different sizes, 40 puzzle cards (ranging in difficulty), and a carrying bag to store everything (which comes in handy!).", 4.0
"This game really gets you thinking, and you actually find yourself thinking AHEAD by many moves.  The object of the game is to get the little man from one side of the river, to the other.  You do so, by moving planks from stump to stump.  Sometimes you have to drop a plank off at a convenient location, just to pick it up later on when you need it.", 5.0
"I started playing it and couldn't stop!  Once you start getting the hang of it, you find yourself wanting to continue as you figure out the easier puzzles.  I must say, that as they become more difficult, you REALLY need to think ahead by looking at the pieces you need towards the "end" of the crossing.  Don't drag boards that you don't need (and DON'T drop them in places that hinder your crossing!).", 5.0
"I definitely recommend this game for people who enjoy puzzles, or games in general.  The harder puzzles may be too difficult for a younger child to enjoy, and they may get bored with it.  ALSO- there are MANY small parts that could be a choking hazard for small children.  Make sure you keep the parts in the bag, and keep it out of reach", 4.0
"ThinkFun succeeds once again, with a simple idea... lay down logs to find a path from start to finish across the river.  Place your logs carefully, and you'll get where you need to go, but don't get in your own way, and you can't jump over the water.  40 challanges included (plus 40 more in River Crossing 2!), that will keep even adults busy for quite a while.", 4.0
"Highly recommended for those visual / spatial gifted kids, and thier parents ;-)  Stores in it's own nylon bag, a plus, since there are more than a few loose pieces.", 2.0
"Carolyn K., webmaster, Hoagies' Gifted Education Pag", 5.0
"This game seems quite difficult at first, but becomes easier once you realize exactly what the rules allow.  My 4 year old and 7 year old kids enjoyed it for a short time, but were unable to grasp the complexities past the first few levels and quickly lost interest (not surprising as this is below the manufacturer's age limit).  I'm sure older kids would find this fun.", 5.0
"For adults this game is quite addictive, after a few days I was able to solve all 40 levels.  If you look at the inventor's site [...] you will find much harder plank puzzles.  However my 4 star rating is mostly because the 40 included cards are just a bit too easy to master.", 5.0
"An "equipment gripe" is that there are exactly the minimum number of plastic "logs" required to cover all games with no extras.  We have now lost one of the two shortest logs and over half the puzzles require two of these so these can't be played any more (you can try substituting other items but the real logs fit nicely and have magnets inside them which is quite helpful playing the game).  Fortunately ThinkFun offers extra game pieces for a fee (see their web site).  I now have River Crossing 2, but without the missing piece I can't really play it.", 5.0
"My 7 month old loves this book and we are happy he has been introduced to the format of books and pages. A lot of fun for him and us", 2.0
"Our 14 month old daughter delights in regularly playing with this WTP "book", and has for the past few months.  She is a big fan of anything "Pooh Bear" (we've been reading his stories together since early on), and loves to hear his voice at her whim, and delights in the highly interactive nature of this toy.  We also have the "Rhyme and Discover" version of this which she seems to enjoy almost as well as this one.  We've found both of these to be durable, non-irritating to adults, and oh so fun for her and her friends of similar age.  We would highly recommend this, and our only wish is that we had discovered it sooner", 5.0
"My 9 month old can't turn pages well on normal books, so I got her this plastic one.  It reads to her, has activities to push or pull, lights up, and sings to her. Pooh reinforces words we're already teaching her like up, down, right left, and numbers. It takes AA batteries and is really easy to change them. This was a great way to introduce her to one of my childhood favorites.", 5.0
"I purchased this for my 10 month old daughter at Christmas, and it is one of her favorite toys.  She loves turning the pages, and moving the different levers and such to make the noises and sounds.  On the last page, there is a lever for songs.  That is one of her favorite options.", 4.0
"Very, very pleased with this purchase", 5.0
"My 8 month old son received this book as a Christmas gift.  He LOVES it.  It really keeps his attention.  He enjoys looking at all books but this one especially.  The page tabs make it easy for him to turn the pages on his own.  The songs and interactive pieces are educational as well.  I would definitely recommend this product", 4.0
"We bought this for our twins who are almost a year old.  It is great for developing their walking skills.  One sits in the cart and the other pushes, they have a blast!  The clickers that provide some restraint to the wheels are ingenious - they slow the wagon down just enough so they don't fall on the wagon and push it away from themselves", 4.0
"I'm not sure who is rating this but my expectations were high for this toy based on all these raters giving this gadget 5 stars. I'm sorry to say that I don't think so. You cannot use it as a voice changer without having to record something each time. There are other voice changers that allow you to add voice effects as you speak. Not this one. That reduces the fun effect. The microphone doesn't capture the voice that well and the speakers are weak. I had to play it near someone's ear for them to hear it or tell all to stay silent. Reducing the fun even more. Some one here said that you can even clip it somewhere? No clips found. Nevertheless you can still get giggles (1st star) plus it includes batteries to play out of the box (2nd star).", 4.0
"This toy is great!  You can use it to make alot of creative sounds, it's cheap, small, and really fun.  I liked this toy so much that I bought another one.  Now, with the pair, I make lots of creative sounds like missile launching, explosions, duets, sword fighting, etc.  I'm still playing with it right now while I'm dictating this to my dad!!! I really really recommend this.", 4.0
"This is another fun toy from Wild Planet's popular Spy Gear line of toys, the "Spy Voice Scrambler" works pretty good for it's size.  Very small and light. It has a clip on the back to clip it to your belt or backpack. For age 6 and up, this toy helps the little spy in your house disguise his voice. Can be used on the couch or just for goofing around with each other. Changes both the speed and tone of your voice. It changes your voice to a baby sound, robot, or high-pitched chipmunk. Can be used to record, play, and twist voices and sounds.", 5.0
"It is durable, we have had ours without problem for 1 year, and it has the original batteries. This device is also sold with a great belt and other spy gadgets in a kit called the "Micro Spy Kit", also at Amazon.", 5.0
"This is my nine-year-old son's favorite spy gadget.  He's got several that cost a lot more and have more bells and whistles, but this is the one that ends up in his pocket the most.  He uses it more for silliness than spying, but ends up in giggles every time.  It went through the laundry once and still works so I'm impressed with its durability", 5.0
"My 8 yr. old daughter-and even my 3 yr. old daughter-love this toy.  They love to hear how their voices change when it is scrambled.  They always try to come up with something funny to say.  My daughter's friends also enjoy playing with it.  She has had this toy for over a year, and still plays with it quite often.  I would definitely recommend buying this", 5.0
"It's a real cool divice I give it 3 stars this spy voice is something you should get you will be laughing really hard.And it will ceep you laughing", 1.0
"All the kids that came over Christmas Day loved this toy!! It isn't that expensive, considering the price of toys these days, so I think it is a pretty good deal", 5.0
"I got this for my almost 5 year old.  She loves it and plays it constantly, even after having it for 2 months.", 5.0
"The toy is extremely durable.  It's been dropped, left out in a very cold car, sat on, etc.  I only have two issues with this toy and they are that 1) it is very loud when not on a cushioned surface and 2) the sticks pictured to the left of Ariel do not stay in the holder at all.  We have lost one of them.  Other than that, I really like the feature offered and although the sound quality of when you play it yourself is limited, it's great overall", 4.0
"Again, I'm a forgiving guy, but this thing is overpriced by about $20.00 for the quality you get.  C'mon.  It's a wind up unit which lasts barely a few minutes, no where near enough time to be enjoyable, and the brightness level is deplorable.  You need to place it as high to the ceiling as you can get it reasonably for it to project a decent 'light show', and my boys room gets pretty darn dark.  This is product number 2 from Discovery that is just some overpriced chinese junk.  I'm OUT!  Save your money", 4.0
"My eldest daughter received this as a gift when she was a month old.  After four years of love, use and abuse, it finally wore out.  Let me tell you, the three bedtimes it took to get a new one delivered were very rough.", 5.0
"If it's not really dark in her room (like at naptime, when the sun peeks around her blinds and lets in a little light), the projected images are harder to see.  When the battery starts to die, we see the same thing - the light isn't as bright, and the images are hard to see.  We also set it on a bookshelf (about 4 feet tall) to get brighter images.  They aren't as bright when on a low surface, like a nightstand.", 5.0
"What I think finally killed our first one, is that we would often overwind the music box - to the point where the inner mechanism would make that awful clacking noise because it refused to wind any more.  Although 4 years of twice daily use is a pretty good run, we obviously are trying to be a bit more gentle with this one, so we don't have to make another emergency order when she turns eight", 5.0
"     This game is so much like "Trivial Pursuit", you could use the questions and categories from any of those editions to handicap the game even further.  I played with two young adults (under 18) and some of the questions for younger players were completely unknown to them.", 5.0
"     The best part is that you can only answer one question a turn (right or wrong) so a "Ken Jennings" can't win the game on the first roll of the dice.", 5.0
"     There aren't enough questions supplied with the game, but as I noted above, any multi-category trivia game questions can be used to keep the game interesting.  Overall, an excellent purchase for families that enjoy an evening of trivia", 5.0
"This has got to be the worst game I have ever purchased. I was not impressed with suicide questions and questions about hard rock bands etc., my children had not even a clue who these people were. I thought I would like the fact that their were 2 sets of questions. Family Trivial Pursuit would be a better choice", 4.0
"While playing this game for the first time, and using less than one quarter of the supplied cards, our family found four cards with incorrect answers.  For example, one card claimed that Grand Prix races take place  not on the road but on an oval track.  Another claimed that radar, not  sonar, uses sound waves to detect objects.  Another spelled the Ebola virus  as &quot;E boli&quot;.  The fourth card had an answer that was correct, but  was not the only correct answer, as was claimed.  The makers of this game  would do well to hire a fact checker", 5.0
"We really enjoyed this. Having moveda about 2 years ago from a more northern state, we have missed having snow during the holidays. The little one was thrilled to see a pile of snow on our back porch when she woke up to open presents. The feel of the stuff was a little weird, especially when you know what real snow feels like, but it was very enjoyable to have some "snow" to play with", 5.0
"My daughter got the amigo bear for christmas.  She is very interested in spanish--between dora, sesame street and all of the that.  She plays with it and trys to imitate the spanish words through out the day.  Today the bear became her "baby' as well.  Fun times and not annoying", 4.0
"This desk is okay if you don't move it around, but if you move it the desk part ,that is attached to the chair, it moves and then kind of rubs on the chair leaving marks", 5.0
"I like the pillows and the blankets and the little dolls and everything.  I like the dresses that match the pillows.  I like the games and little movies and the tea set.  A very good gift, thank you", 5.0
"I had intended to buy a Kelly doll for my 4 yo grandniece, but when I found this, I knew she'd love it (which she did).  Not only did she get Kelly, but she got 4 friends too, along with all the things girls need for a pj party", 5.0
"I was as pleased as punch to get all the cute little accessories with this 5 pack of Kelly dolls. There are so many included accessories... let me give the full list:  5 pillows, 5 blankies, 5 eyemasks for sleeping, 5 toothbrushes, a tube of toothpaste, bowl of popcorn, plate of cookies, bottle of soda, 2 DVD's (pretend of course), 5 sets of shoes, the pajamas as shown, bag of pretzels, 5 cups, uno game (pretend box), pretend coloring books & crayons, and even a pretend Polly Pocket puzzle! All the girls do come with slippers which will of course be hard to keep on, but hey, at least they included them! This would be an excellent toy to put away until your daughters first sleepover party and then divide the dolls & accessories into little bags to hand out as gifts. One doll has beautiful red hair and freckles.. Irish I suppose. One has very light brown hair and brown eyes, one is blonde with blue eyes, one is Asian, and the final one is African American.", 5.0
"This is a cute toy with many small accessories not mentioned in the product description.  Each doll has a blanket, toothbrush and pillow as well as a mask that coordinates with her pajamas.  There are little DVDs and popcorn, cookies, soda, cups (only three cups for five dolls, though).", 5.0
"If you have a three year old like I do, the cute accessories will get lost within an hour.  These dolls do not have brushes and their hair gets very frizzy quickly.  The shoes are mule style and fall right off.  It might not be easy to tell the racial variety of the dolls from the picture, but all but one are white, and the other is of ambiguous race. Living in an ethnically diverse community, I found this disappointing.", 5.0
"All in all, it is a very cute set with many accessories and it is a very good buy.  Be forewarned that is is very heavily packaged and you will spend at least half an hour freeing the dolls and accessories from the box.  I would say this would be more accurately for 5+ instead of 3", 5.0
"We have purchased a couple of the Kelly friend sets and love them. I ordered this one because of the great pricing!!! This one is really cute and everyone has toothbrushes! There are also some pillows, 2 tiny little Barbie DVDs and cases (pretend DVDs about a 3/4 of an inch tall), there's a 2 liter of soda and glasses, and popcorn.", 5.0
"The picture Amazon shows does not depict the contents of the packaging. It is the Kelly friend package with handle and lots of accessories", 5.0
"As I write this I have 3 little girls (ages 3, 4 & 5--my 2 daughters and a friend) entranced by this set.  They are sitting together and playing with it very nicely, and they don't usually all get along this well!  My daughter just received this for her 5th birthday--she had a "pretend sleepover" party, and it was the perfect gift.  It is a really cute set--the current amazon picture doesn't show this clearly, but it comes with 5 different Kelly-sized dolls in their pajamas, with blankets, pillows, eye masks, and many tiny accessories that go along with the theme--a little bowl of popcorn, bottle of soda, glasses, toothbrushes, cd's and DVD's (the DVD's are recent Barbie movies, like the 12 Dancing Princesses and Mermaidia--they are neat!)  The box that the dolls come in can be turned into a little carrying purse for the set--just open it carefully!  The girls are loving it--they are acting out a sleepover with the dolls ("Time to brush our teeth" "Let's watch a movie" "It's morning--wake up!")  I'm sure that many of these little pieces will inevitably get lost or vacuumed up, but that's not the fault of the toy.  It is adorable, and I bet most 3-6 year-old girls will love it", 5.0
"My daughter is two, almost 3 in 3 months. She likes it well enough, but the fact that the paint takes a moment to react and show up is frustrating for her. I love that the paint is inclosed in the brush, but is difficult to get out to paint with and I hesitate showing her she can squeeze it. The whole point was to keep it in the brush, yes? Perhaps if they had caps to prevent it drying out and the brushes could stay moist with paint? The paint comes out of one place, so its all concentrated in the center of the brush, so you will need to work it in the bristles, or have big globs of paint and go throught it faster. On a side note, the paint dries crunchy on clothes. Also, my local Target has this set with an extra brush, for 9.99 and Michaels has it for 11.99, and no shipping!", 4.0
"Actually higher quality than I expected. The pouch was nice, felt like real fabric and not a cheap slapped-together bag made of plasticy fabric(like I thought it would be). The best part, of course, is the coins themselves- they are bigger than a half-dollar, shiny gold, and HEAVY! The receipient (who is obsessed with pirates) loved it", 4.0
"I own this Tamagotchi V4 Pink Stripes, and it's great, a lot cooler than Version 1, my only other Tamagotchi. It's interesting, and very cute, but the graphics could be a little better for [...], and I only play with it for 5-10 minutes at a time, so I'd much rather be playing with my Pixel Chix. This is a toy definitely not for kids under 8---I got one when I was six, and it confused me. 8-10 is a good age range for this toy. But again, I'd rather play Sims", 2.0
"I purchased the Tamagotchi V4 for a friend of my daughter - she loved it and it came in perfect condition.  Thanks for offering a great product", 5.0
"I ordered this Tamagotchi for my granddaughter for Valentine's day.  She had been looking for the V4 one in the stores for weeks and they were sold out.  She was VERY excited to have received this and it's a hit!", 4.0
"Tamagotchis are awesome!  When I was first introduced to Tamagotchi, I wasn't very interested in it until my friend borrowed one from a classmate.  She played Jump-Rope over and over and over and over and - well, you get my point.  She loved it!    After watching her play it over and over and over, well, I got interested.  "I wonder how she got glued to that little video game thing.  I'd better find out."  I thought.  So when I was at Wal-Mart with my mom and brother, I selected 2 Tamagotchis from the toy section.  After I played with it for a while, I thought, "These are really cool!  On Monday I will tell my friend I have one."  Before we got one, my mom said my brother could have too.  "What?!  No way!  Those are for girls!" he said.   But when he played... "Where's my Tamagotchi?  Can I play with it PLEASE???  Dad, do you what's cool about Tamagotchi?"  was all I heard from him.   He never consentrated on his homework!  I especially like the Infra-Red Communication", 5.0
"Great to have the newest version of the magical little electronic pets!  Arrived impeccably, and was perfect from the moment I pulled out the little tab.  Happy me", 4.0
"tamagotchis are really cool because you get to play games to make your tamagotchi happy.  You also can feed it when its hungry.  With gotchi pionts you can buy food and other things for your tamagothchi.  When your tamagotchi dies a new egg will appear!  I think this item teaches responsibility.  Oh, i almost forgot, it you forget about or neglect your tamgotchi it will die", 4.0
"This is my favorite toy ever! I love it so much, beacuse you actully get to raise it, and send it to school, and it can go on vaction and bring you ack photos, and it can find a job! And is you link up 2 tamagotchis, they can breed, and have babies! You should buy this", 4.0
"I brought two tomagotchi V4 for my two daughters as Christmas gift, they loved the little thing very much and spend a lot of time taking care their little pet.", 5.0
"One tamagochi worked perfectly well but the other one "hung" twice: the little pet completely disappears, like running out of battery. I have to reset it and then it will start over again from "egg hatching", with no memory of pervious character. My 8 year old cried when this happens ! Overall it is a great toy but do need more quality control.", 5.0
"I had this purchased as a Christmas present for myself, and I love it. As a Ghostbuster fan of the movies, I enjoyed having received this item. It goes good as a collectors item. To any Ghostbuster fans out there, I would recommend picking this item up for the collections", 5.0
"Great likeness great moment in movies.", 4.0
"Now if only Gozer had some Ghostbusters to fry.", 5.0
"*hint hint nudge nudge wink wink say no more say no more*", 1.0
""Is she into photographs he asks him knowingly?", 5.0
"I have a 4 y.o. boy and this produce is right up his alley.  we have a lot of rescue heros and this product brings them al together.  this is what he has been wanting to play with all his men and vehicles.  the mission command center is easy to put together and is very durable.  My boy loves to destroy toys and he cannot tear this up.", 5.0
"My son loves this!  Keeps him occupied for a long time.  His little friends think it's awesome when they come for a play day! There is enough room for several children to play together.  Seems under priced...yet putting it together makes up for it! FYI... if this is a gift from Santa, have his elves assemble it before it goes under the tree.  Not hard, just takes a little time and will go faster without and excited child waiting to play...  I rate this 5 stars for fun and price but a 3 for assemly", 5.0
"WE purchased this for our 3 year old for Christmas. Putting it together was lengthy but pretty self explanatory. He enjoys using all of the Rescue Heroes with this. This works only with the Voice Tech Rescue HEroes, although we also have the regular ones that don't say anything and he seems perfecly content to use them on the command center as well. The voice tech's aren't made anymore and hard to come by. All in all, it was definitely worth it for us", 4.0
"First the negative. The men that go with this, the RH Mission Select men are no longer made. They are difficult to find and the after market price is, in some cases, higher than the price for new RH. The only other negative is that for the price it would have been nice to have some 'cubbies' to store back packs, etc.", 2.0
"Now the Positive. If you have Mission Select Rescue Heroes then this is a great toy. The figures talking back and forth to each other offer a new level to the play. But the talking figures DOES NOT take away from the imagination and play of your child. It merely  provides a backdrop for their play.", 5.0
"This is not as big as the other command center boat. That is a large positive in my mind and it even folds down a bit when not in use. Note, not folds down to carry around, it just folds into itself a bit making it a bit more compact.", 4.0
"Contrary to one review this was not difficult to set up. It took a young boy age 7 and his mother less than 30 minutes to get up and running ready for play. The directions are clear and easy to follow.", 4.0
"Every part of this, even the back, has something for the rescue heroes. There is a climbing wall and a search light (doesn't really work too bad!) and a crane to life cars or people or animals (according to my son) up to the top of the roof.", 4.0
"The rescue heroes and all the accompanying items such as the command center are very fun. They are positive characters that save lives. They are large so small hands can easily play with them and yet there is enough 'small items' like backpacks that even older children can have fun switching the backpacks around and so on.", 1.0
"Every piece in this set, the Rescue Heroes and the Command Center has been well played with and has stood up well to hours of play. Enjoy.", 5.0
"I was very skeptical after reading the reviews, but I ordered it anyway, we gave it to our son for Christmas 2005. He loves it! I warned my husband about what I read about how people said it was so hard to put together. I  however, know my husband, he is very good that way, he had no trouble at all. I was suprised how easy it was. It was daunting looking at the millions of pieces as we opened the box but they went together very easily and also came apart if we needed to. Out son loves it, another reason I was afraid is people said, in reviews once again, that you must find 'Mission Select" rescue heroes and that no other ones work. And that they are not readily available in stores, the are not by the way readily available. So I trusted the reviews and bought them from Ebay. BUT the reviews were wrong, you DO NOT need mission select rescue heroes. You need 'Talking' rescue heroes which are readily available from Toys rUs and else where.  I think amazon had it marked, when we bought it, (...)because so many people gave it bad reviews, it was a bargain and our son even uses other people and animals on it, on the elevator. He has endless fun with it. It has sparked his imgination.", 5.0
"We just recently purchased this for our 3 year old twin boys.  They have tons of the rescue heroes and we just got them the police car, ambulance, dune buggy, and fire truck for Christmas.  I had a hard time finding this item in stores but knew we had to purchase this after purchasing the Rescue Heroes DVD where you actually saw the heroes using the M.A.C.C.  We bought this a couple days ago and they have played with it non-stop and drag it to the tv so they can play with their heroes right along with video.  It is very durable the only complaint is the new fire trucks won't fit in the ramp area but the ambulance and police car still do.  The mission select heroes are hard to come by but we did find some in our collection that we had purchased in a gargae sale last year.  This was a great buy especially since we got it on sale in Toys R US for only $12.  This would be a great addition to someones Rescue Hero Collection", 4.0
"I know one main complaint was that there are no more Mission Select Rescue Heroes figures left in stores, as they were discontinued, and some of the aftermarket prices were getting up there (especially Rocky Canyon, the hardest to find in the set).  Well, the Robotz figure line that is in stores now features figures with the same connectors on their back, so you can get them to talk.  I don't know if it will be the main phrases that would be said if you had the Mission Select figures, but they will talk. For instance, when I hook a Mission Select backpack from Billy Blazes (the only Mission Select figure we have) up to Rocky Canyon, Rocky says a phrase for each turn of the dial.  They sound like the follow up phrases, as if he was the second figure communicating with another mission select figure, but you still get some voice interaction!!  The Mission Select, Voice Tech, and Robotz figures should all come with the same metal contacts on their backs (except the ones like Robotz Gil Gripper, whose robot stands alone and does not connect to him), so they will all work in some way with each other's items.", 4.0
"As for the MACC, it's definitely the center of the Rescue Heroes world, being the biggest playset released from the toy line to date.  While it may not be the most exciting, it gives your children a central area to congregate the figures and vehicles.  At least it can keep the figures from being all over the house!  I think for the size and money, it could have featured some trap doors or compartments, but the elevator and Mission Command voices from RH leader Warren Waters are all you get", 5.0
"Ok, we got this last year for my 5 year old son, it is a bit to put together, but IT IS EXTREMELY DURABLE!!!  trust me, after a year of not only the 5 year old, but twin 3 year olds and a 1 year old.. it has survived more than its fair share,a nd still looks brand new.  It is a  great addition to all the rescue hero stuff, the firetruck fits nicely, as does the helicopter.. i would defintiely suggest this to tie it all together!!!!! My crew has had a blast with this, the rescue heroes are Great for saving all those barbies from a fate worse than death!!!!", 5.0
"I have to say out of any toy we ahve purchase the resuce hero sets are BY FAR the most durable, and fun!!!!", 5.0
"   My son has had this toy for about a year and still plays with it.  He has the other three R.H. command centers (the older blue tower and the Aquatic Command Center).  He loves to use them all in his missions.  It took some time to put together but that is to be expected.  Luckily, my son had already had most of the Mission Select action figures, truck and police car before getting this center.  They are hard to find in stores, but most can still be found on Ebay.  Keep that in mind, that this does not include any figures.  It keeps him busy and still keeps his attention after all this time.  We bought it on sale and it is back on sale so it is worth the price for any Rescue Hero fan.  A great addition to this center is the DVD "Rescue Heroes:The Movie"  It has all the Mission Select guys in it and this command center is seen so after watching he will play with the M.A.C.C. and act out the missions.  This is great for all Rescue Hero fans", 1.0
"These are the best archival card pages I have ever seen, & I have been collecting since 1975", 5.0
"My daughter received this doll for Christmas, and her sister received the blonde version that is not bilingual.  They have really enjoyed playing with and interacting with the dolls.  We have not found the cloth legs to be a drawback at all, instead find that the dolls are a little more cuddly that way.  My girls are 3 and 4 and I also do in home daycare and all of the girls here (as well as my 3 older sons) have periodically picked up these babies to play with them.  I would go with 5 stars but the voice quality is sometimes less than perfect", 4.0
"My daughter is 2 yrs. old, and got this doll for Christmas.  It was her favorite of all her toys.  She loves that she talks to you, and recognizes her as her mommy, and tells her when she's hungry, etc...  I would have given the doll a complete 5 stars except, they could have made her hair stay up a little better, knowing that small children will be wooling her around.  Her hair was only put up with clothe bows.  When it started to fall down I just put it back up with some hair bands, and now it's fine.  Other than that, shes a great little doll that my daughter just loves, and I think any little girl would.  If you get it, you may also want to check out the Little Mommy Diaper back w/ accessories by Mattel.  I got this to go with my daughters doll, and they go perfect together.  My daughter loves them both", 1.0
"This is not the toy for a child who has no other toys! I would not buy this doll for Toys for Tots. We kept it because; 1-It's a hassle to return it. 2 The child has tons of toys anyway.", 5.0
"This doll has soft ragdoll legs. It's not very beautiful. It does talk nicely. I would have tried the other dolls that speak languages if I had known about the soft legs.", 1.0
"I am so bummed about the legs. What if you bought it for a poor child who has nothing to play with and then the legs being only fabric wear out? Bummer!", 5.0
"I purchased one of these for my son several years ago. It's very durable and reliable. My son enjoyed it so much that recently all of my sons decided to use their allowance to buy 3 of these watches. Buy it, you'll like it!", 2.0
"HI IM 10 YEARS OLD AND I JUST WANTED TO KNOW IS THIS WATCH COOL OR WHAT BECAUSE MY GRAND FATHER IS BUYING ME ONE AND IM CURIOUS DOES TI BRAKE EASILYOR ITS OK PLEASE LET ME KNOW ANYBODY AT ALAMINCOLVIN@COMCAST.NET THANKYOU", 1.0
"This toy is remarkably durable. My parents gave it to him because I would have never purchased it, expecting it to break within minutes. My kid has been driving it through the house, sat on it, pull the lever everyway he could get it to go and it all still works! The bed raises and lowers according to the pull of the lever.", 5.0
"The down side is that the music is loud (especially if you don't care for the musical selections of the manufacturer) and it makes grinding noises as it's pushed (although my son likes the noise)", 4.0
"I first saw this toy at a play group where my 10 month old son played with it for a bit.  Once he got the idea of crawling through the tunnels he loved it.  I came home and ordered a set for ourselves.  Firstly, this is by far the best price for this set anywhere and secondly, we have sooooooo much fun with it.  My son loves crawling through the tunnel and playing peek-a-boo.  My husband and I will often play with him and we all have a great time.  I am so glad I bought this set and would recommend it for new crawlers and up.  The other good thing is that you don't need to set up all the pieces up to play with it.  Right now we use only one tunnel most of the time and occasionally bring out another tunnel and the center piece.  I can't wait to take it outside in the summer.  As my son gets older we'll use more pieces so it can grow with him.  No fancy bells and whistles, just plain old fun for everyone", 5.0
"My daughter got this set for her first birthday.  All the kids enjoyed playing in it, and it held up extremely well.  It appears to be very heavy-duty, ready for years of wear and tear.  The only flaw I see, compared to other sets, is that the tunnels do not attach to the center section - they just fit inside the openings.  This makes for easy set up, but they also come apart too easily, making the center collapse.  One rambunctious youngster made a game of tearing the set apart.  And when my toddler falls against either the center or a tunnel, they become disconnected.  If I hadn't already destroyed the packaging, I'd return it for a set that uses velcro (like Playhut) to attach the tunnels and tents", 4.0
"We played this game just after Christmas.  It was a lot of fun and challenging.  My son is very football knowledgeable but it was still challenging enough for him.", 5.0
"I would recommend this game to anyone who loves football and is knowledgable about stats, etc", 4.0
"Got it for my son's b'day and he enjoyed it all of 2-3 days. fine for when it worked, but didn't last long at all", 5.0
"I wish I could give this cube 5 stars! If it were based on how much our twins adored the toy, I would definitely give it a better rating! However, I feel the need to mention that we initially purchased this toy for our 6+ mos old twins and within a few months the battery cover cracked right next to the on/off switch, leaving the batteries easily accessible. Duct tape would not even keep the cover on securely, because the cover was under so much pressure from the batteries and springs underneath.", 1.0
"When our twins were 1 1/2 we decided to put it on the Christmas wish list, because they both adored the first one so much. Much to our dismay, the exact same thing happened to the battery cover of the second one!", 1.0
"What a huge disappointment! Obviously this toy has a manufacturing defect and I can only hope that Munchkin fixes it for future production of the toy. The concept is excellent and our twins really did love it, especially our very musical little girl.", 4.0
"I've given both of my new grandchildren a Magic Cube and they love them. Even my 3 year old grandson enjoys playing with it. My granddaughter loves to turn it on and then dance to the music", 4.0
"My 17 month old son received this as a gift for Christmas and it has become his favorite toy.  We put him in his crib at night and he plays with it until he falls asleep.  We take it on long car rides and it keeps him entertained.  We can't recommend it enough", 1.0
"Excellent product.  Well constructed.  Easy to operate, pleasant tunes.  19 month old is enjoying it and it seems will get a lot of future use", 4.0
"I gave this to my 1 year old grandson at Christmas.  He spent more time with this than anything else.  He was fasinated by the various sounds and combinations of sounds---even his older siblings (ages 2-4) wanted to play with it", 1.0
"My daughter got both the Mozart Magic Cube and the Sing-a-long Cube for Christmas this year, and we love them both!  I am a music teacher, and I think these are just really cool musical toys for young children.  The sound is much better than I expected, and my daughter loves them both.", 4.0
"I bought this for my first son years ago.  He loved it.  So did boy number two.  Boy number three is now playing with it and loves it.  I don't remember ever replacing the batteries either!  Considering the abuse it's been through, I'm amazed.  One of the best toys I've ever bought", 4.0
"My daughter received this for her first birthday.  She absolutely loves it.  She's 16 months old now, and it has become her favorite toy.  She will climb into her toy box, over all her other stuff, to get to it.  It keeps her busy for a good 20 minutes at a time while she experiments with all the different songs and musical instrument sounds.  We still haven't had to replace the batteries, which is a definite plus", 5.0
"The Leapster Cartridge Wallet is a great find.  This product is not widely available in superstores such as, Target, Walmart or Toys R Us.  The cost is low and it holds six game cartridges in one place so the cartridges are not lost or misplaced.  I am very happy to have found this item at Amazon", 5.0
"Great fun for kids 3-9.  Big enough for little hands to grasp, and enough action to keep them playing with it.", 5.0
"Also does wonders in quieting down a house full of kids, and may even teach positive money habits", 5.0
"The Deluxe Edition is quite nice in that it has holders for the different cards and money", 5.0
"This deluxe version of monopoly is in-cre-di-ble. Sometimes we play it so much that we stop and don't play it for ages, but after a few months we play it and this deluxe version has made playing it so much easier.", 5.0
"First, the wooden Houses and Hotels. They are a lot more fun to use and much easier to handle. They're not hollow and look real nice, even if they're not so detailed as the plastic ones.", 5.0
"Second, the Gold pieces. The pieces are absolutely elegant with their simple designs and their beautiful shiny gold. Not real gold, but it makes them all look incredible! Plus, their's an extra token. It's a train token, and I find it one of my favorite tokens now. (The money bag is also included)", 5.0
"Third, the banker's tray. Some people may not like this if they are too used to taking money out of individual trays, but this keeps the money together much easier. Their is a slot where you insert the money like you would drop an envelope in a drawer, and you can take it out easily. Plus, it has three little compartments for the houses, hotels, and a small one for the tokens and dice. It really is wonderful.", 4.0
"Fourth, the Propert Carousel. If you ever got angry about keeping the properties in order, you don't need to anymore. It is a small turntable with slots for each property including railroads and utilities. You can spin it around whenever you're searching for a particular one. It is extremely handy, as you can spin it very easily and it never wears out. (If you take out all the properties and spin the turntable on a smooth surface, it will spin for ages :-) )", 5.0
"Fifth, the Community Chest and Chance cards are not paper. They're now plastic cards with coloring in their pictures. It looks real shiny and new, and they're much easier to shuffle and handle.", 5.0
"     The board also has a large specially colored Rich Uncle Pennybags in the middle with DELUXE EDITION below him in gold letters. That really gives the whole thing a brand new work. (The money also has DELUXE EDITION on it, so you can tell it apart from the original).", 5.0
"Seven, the other tray for holding things. If you have ever gotten fed up with using rubber bands or plastic bags to hold your pieces and properties and cards, this will make your life ten times easier. It has a spot for holding everything together leaving no room for scattering unless you turned the box upside-down. It has a progressively larger compartement (from the bottom up) sunk into the tray, leaving spaces for the Community Chest and Chance cards first. Then the Title Deed cards, then the property carousel, and tow big slots beside that for the money. You can put it all away and take no more than five minutes in the next game to start.", 5.0
"Altogether, not only is this game an enormous improvement to the original (the original was good too :-) ) But it saves you hours of time just putting the game together or putting it away. I found monopoly much more enjoyable when I didn't need to take so much time to move things around or sort things out. If you love monopoly, then get this. You will really find the gameplay much more enjoyable with fancy pieces and easier sorted out areas for your house, hotels, money, ect. It may cost a lot, but it is worth ever penny. I think I can gaurantee you will not be disappointed.", 1.0
"This is a great game.  The new box is nice because it's smaller, so it takes up less space.  There's a nice money-holder, and little places for pieces and hotels, and even enough room for all of your old pieces and hotels (2 other boards worth).  Places to store property cards and everything.  The comm. chest kind of cards are a little flimsier, but that's why you use the old ones you have until they wear out.  Games aren't supposed to last forever.  If you want something that will, don't expect to pay 18 bucks.  A haircut costs more than that, and it only lasts a week.  Enjoy what it is", 1.0
"I got this for Christmas, and it is FUN, the new property caresal is soo cool! I absolutly loved how the new chance cards are redone. An excellent buy", 1.0
"This version of Monopoly is awsome!!  It even has pieces I've never seen before.  I love the deed holder, too", 5.0
"I was very pleased to receive my order in very good time in great condition, and exactly as I ordered!  Thank you", 5.0
"Our family loves to play Rook.  These cards are durable and will last us awhile", 5.0
"My wife and I picked this up at the store and were severely disappointed.  Just a remake of an already established game.  Save yourself some time and money and go look up the rules for Euchre, get a deck of regular playing cards from the junk drawer or dollar store and enjoy the same game for almost nothing", 5.0
"I have been playing rook for years. It is a good card game that you can play at different levels and move to higher levels of play quickly. I would like to find the old style cards if they are available from somewhere, with  the smaller number size", 4.0
"Great gift for the money!  The DVD and the dolls are very much loved by my 4 year old", 5.0
"I purchase the Polly & Pia dolls for my 2 1/2 year old. She loves them.  We have watched the DVD at least 20 times in a week.  I was looking for more Polly DVD's but have had no luck", 5.0
"I love this toy! It's so cool and Polly's hair is so pretty! My favorite doll is Pia. I like her because she looks just like me! I really liked the dvd, too", 5.0
"Polly fell apart in my 5 year old's hands.  She had only played with her about 3 times.  I was watching her play with it and then it just fell apart at the waist.  The hips broke in two and the legs fell right out.  Not a toy for a little one as not only do the  outfits and accessories pose a severe choking risk the doll obviously does also", 4.0
"I got this set for my sister for her birthday last month,she loves it! We both play with it all the time. this is one of the best polly sets you can buy. If you like my review please vote for me.-Deborah", 2.0
"P.S. She really liked the movie that came with it,but it's a little embarresing!", 5.0
"This polly & pia doll set is great.  The DVD that comes with the dolls is very entertaining, and its nice that the dolls don't have plastic hair.  My daughter enjoys POLLY POCKET very much and this was a great addition to her collection", 5.0
"This was another good gift for my 4 year old for her birthday.  She learned how to interchange the outfits", 5.0
"I htink these two are sooo cute I want them! I htink that the ages 4 to 6 should be chznged cause im  eleven and i still like em", 5.0
"My daugher (10) got this for christmas (05) and loves it.The movie it's self is cute and so are the dolls.Good deal for the price", 5.0
"Although I am in the U.K. and I sent this to my granddaughter in the U.S. The feedback was that it was a big hit and that although she is a bit young yet, still loves it and rides around in circles with a big smile on her face", 5.0
"My daughter loves it.  She got it for Christmas and is having a ball.  The 4 wheeler goes slow enough that she doesn't get scared.  Its just the right size for a 2 yr old.  It makes turns good and the battery last long before charging again.   Very good product", 4.0
"If your child loves the Wiggles, you need to get this set!  Make mealtime a fun time with this dinnerware", 4.0
"I love the hard plastic...if my child drops it, it's okay...no broken dishes!  I wish that I could find these pieces sold seperatly because I would deffinetly buy more bowls and plates", 5.0
"My toddler son LOVES anything Wiggles and thus, this dish set is his favorite.  He follows me into the kitchen all the time asking "Where Go-Go's?" (he calls the Wiggles the "Go-Go's!)and just likes looking at the dishes!  I have to limit the use of them sometimes because often he'll just dump out the plate or bowl just to look at the Wiggles!  The cup has also been good for helping to encourage my son to transition to a lid-less cup and learn how to drink from something other than a sippy cup. One draw back, though, is that the set has no matching flatware.  I know you can use any flatware, but a matching set would also help encourage some toddlers to learn to use a fork/spoon, too. Anyway, a must-have set for die-hard fans!", 5.0
"Santa gave this to our daughter for Christmas - what a hit!  She's a huge Wiggles fan, so she enjoys having them on her dinnerware.  She will try any new food if it's on the plate or bowl.  That's a huge plus!  Each piece is extremely durable, colorful and a pleasure to have on our dinner table.  Highly recommend", 4.0
"Great toy, took my 3 1/2 year old a 2 hours to learn to drive it.  Very sturdy, as she crashed a few times.   It even drives on grass with slight hills. Slight traction problem on pavement where the wheels spin.", 4.0
"Easy to build, and stickers are easily placed.  And there is a safety lock for speed while learning.  No complaints. She loves it.", 5.0
"  FYI: Needs 4 c volt batteries for the cd player", 4.0
"i bought this for my daughter christmas 06' and she loves it..it is cute and works great", 1.0
"Great little car. My daughter is just thrilled with this jeep. At 5, she has learned to charge the motor herself, and she can get up and go", 1.0
"I was trying to figure out how to get the Barbie Jamin Jeep home from the retailers, if I bought it for my youngest daughter for Christmas, as my car was too small.  My older daughter suggested going to [...].", 1.0
"I did.  It was easy to do.  They had what I wanted, at the same price...minus the local tax.  It was delivered...FREE of Charge, in a timely manner.  The service was exceptional...no lines, no hastle, no transportation problems.", 1.0
"It was the best choice I made over the holiday season.  Needless to say my younger daughter was thrilled.  She loves it.", 5.0
"My five year old daughter loves her jeep!!  She would drive it every day if she could and it has held up well.  I would reccomend buying an additional battery", 5.0
"When my daughters first saw this Jeep their response was a gasp and a question "Is that for us?". Well yes it is. My girls use this Jeep everyday and I have no complaints. The battery has lasted for over a week (granted that this is on a smooth terain). The look is cute, the radio has great reception.", 5.0
"I have ZERO complaints about this Jeep and highly suggest it for anyone's kids that are between the ages of 2 - 6 (my girls are 2 and 4)", 5.0
"I recently purchased this jeep for my two daughters, ages 5 and 2, and they both love it!  It is the perfect first ride-on toy for them.  The speed setting is slow enough (2.5 mph) so they can learn how to drive the vehicle safely, and there is a faster setting (5 mph) to increase the speed once they get accustomed to the vehicle.", 5.0
"As a parent, I was very pleased at the ease of assembly.  Like most parents, I don't like to spend a great deal of time putting my childrens' toys together.  Happily, I was able to assemble the jeep in about 90 minutes.  The instructions are very detailed and the illustrations are clear and easy to follow.  The pieces fit together neatly and everything slides correctly into its proper slot.", 5.0
"The jeep is loaded with fun accessories.  There is a working radio with a clock that plays a CD, and there are colorful decals to really brighten the jeep up.  The jeep stops automatically once the child lifts their feet off of the accellorator pedal (a nice safety feature).", 4.0
"The only disadvantage (and its a slight one) is the length of time it requires to charge the battery.  The initial charge requires 18 hours of plug-in time, and each successive charge requires 14 hours.  The owner's manual suggests charging the battery after each use, but I've found that to be unnecessary.  It can be driven for approximately 20 hours before a charge is required.", 4.0
"I recommend this jeep very highly.  The construction is durable and the assembly is quick and easy.  Two children can ride at the same time, so it won't be long before your children will be driving off on their own fun adventures", 4.0
"We bought this Jeep for our daughter's third birthday, after reading all of the reviews here, i was very excited. It was so easy to put together and took me about an hour to assemble due to the many small pieces. My daughter was a little intimidated at first, but after a few minutes, she was zipping around the yard and patio. (still needs some work on the steering part)!!", 4.0
"The only two things i would work on, 1. the flower decals for the lights are a little difficult to peel off and the shift is in an inconvient place. Other than that, It's great!!! I would definetly get a second battery so kids can play for longer periods of time. But well worth the small investment!!", 5.0
"What an unbelievable price!  This is a very well made and nice toy - the woodwork and coloring are gorgeous.  My 7 month old loves to sit in front of this on the floor and twirl the "beads" around and chew on the metal", 2.0
""track" that the beads slide on.  My 5 year old also enjoys playing with it along with her wooden train track set.  I am off to buy another for my nephew for a gift", 1.0
"i couldnt find this anywhere locally so i bought this on amazon. i cant belive what a great deal this is. my kids are playing with this for about a week now and its still in great shap", 1.0
"I bought this toy while it was on clearance at Amazon. The item is very well constructed and the wood is smooth with no rough edges. Item is a bit heavy but not to hard for toddlers to pick up. It is a smaller bead toy but it was exacly the size I expected it to be. I beleive for the $ I got more than what I paid for.", 5.0
"This toy is poorly made. I got one for a 18-month-old. It lasted only one day. When the child dropped the toy on the hard wood floor, the wire broke off from the wooden base and the base was chipped.  This toy is smaller than expected.", 5.0
"This is a great game that inspires tons of fun! Anyone can play and is extremely entertaining and funny. Beware of extreme competition however!", 5.0
"We played this game when several grandchildren, neices and nephews were visiting my son in Virginia.  We had eight players, aged 7 to 60.  It was great, rollicking fun for all.  We gave some extra help for the younger players who did not always know that the clue word was (for example:  Yoko Ono).  We played for 2 full days, and then again a few weeks later when everyone was able to be together again.  My only complaint about this game is that I can not find any other cards for it.  We easily exhausted the clues, and now really don't play because some of know a lot of the answers.  How about refill cards?", 1.0
"These gloves fit my wife's hands, it's not for a 5 years old kid. Every thing else about it is OK, but he will not wear those for Halloween ... not this year anyway", 4.0
"The gloves look great, but they are huge for a child's size. I am 6' tall and I can get my long fingers in all the way, no problem", 5.0
"Yes, mine finally came, they are a little big, but that makes them look awsome!My darth vader costume is almost complete", 5.0
"The gloves were big enough to fit my grown up hands.  Way too big for my 3year old!!  Childrens gloves should fit a child", 5.0
"This book is so beautiful on the outside it's a pity that the words are so incredibly hurtful and wrong.  The story is about a fish who is covered with beautiful scales.  Another fish comes up and asks to be given one of the scales and the beautiful fish says no, after which none of the other fish will play with it.  The fish is advised by someone "wise" to give away its beautiful scales so that the other fish will like it.  It follows that advise and gives every other fish a scale so that by the end of the book the page is filled with a bunch of pathetic looking fish that all have one shiny scale and everyone is supposedly happy.  For me this is a terrible moral!  It's wrong to be prettier or smarter or more talented in some way?  You should try to make yourself less pretty or dumber or ignore your talents so other people won't be jealous?  It's OK to demand other people give you things that you covet?  Yuk!", 5.0
"I love this book, especially for working with pre-schoolers who are typically struggling with the concept of sharing - from crayons to toys to snacks. I disagree with some of the other reviews. Rainbow Fish loses friends at first because he is vain, snobbish and rude because he thinks he is the most beautiful fish in the sea (based upon external shiny scales). When he gives away most of his scales, he learns that greater happiness comes from giving and from friendship than from having beautiful possessions (scales).", 4.0
"I especially like the large version of the book which makes it easier to share it with groups of kids.", 2.0
"This story is about a fish who had glittery scales. All the other fish wanted to be like Rainbow Fish, so they would invite him to play with them. Rainbow Fish was self-centered and always said no. Once a little blue fish asked if he could have a glittery scale, but Rainbow Fish said no. All the other fish grew angry at him and did not speak to him. Rainbow Fish was worried and went for advice from the Wise Octopus. The octopus told Rainbow Fish to be kind to others and not to be selfish. So Rainbow Fish went back home and gave the little blue fish a scale. The blue fish was so happy he couldn't wait to show off his glittery scale. Soon after, all the fish wanted to have glittery scales. Rainbow Fish gave everyone a scale and became friends again.", 5.0
"I think this a great book for children because it teaches them a lesson. The lesson learned is to always share and you'll have many friends.", 5.0
""A long way out in the deep blue sea there lived a fish. Not just an ordinary fish, but the most beautiful fish in the entire ocean."", 2.0
"This is a book I have some trouble with.  It is beautifully illustrated, and the glittery silver scales make it very appealing to children. However, I am not entirely sure it is sending the right message. I like to give the author the benefit of the doubt that he meant well, that the overall message is that vanity and posessions will not make you happy.", 1.0
"But ultimately the solution to the Rainbow fish's problems give unclear messages, and can possibly be interpretated that to make friends you need to buy them.", 5.0
"Other interpretations have been covered comprehensively in other reviews and include possible biass towards communist values and a want for sameness", 5.0
"	Rainbow Fish is a great book with bright color. In the book, Rainbow Fish learns to share with others and that's very good for a young age. The author is Marcus Pfister and this book has a setting of the ocean. The book Rainbow Fish is full of color and all the drawings look like a cartoon. I would so check this book out if I were you because even if you've read this book ten times you would still want more.", 2.0
"	The pictures to me are the best part because all the pictures are filled with wonderful color. Rainbow Fish's scales are wonderful shades of green, purple, blue, red, and best of all shimmering silver scales. I would say Rainbow Fish is a good book for young kids because the pictures are wonderful colors. I would also say Rainbow Fish is a good because the book looks like a cartoon. But besides the pictures the setting and plot are fine to.", 1.0
"	Some of the characters in Rainbow Fish are Rainbow Fish and Little Blue Fish. Rainbow Fish is a fish with wonderful scales and learns a very important lesson. Little Blue Fish was a fish that probably do anything for Rainbow Fish's silver scales. Little Blue Fish was also the first fish to have one of Rainbow Fish's scales.", 5.0
"	At the end of the story Rainbow Fish shares and the other fish want him for a friend again. I hope they write a Rainbow Fish 2 because the colors. I think it would be cool to have a second Rainbow Fish. I think it would be cool because the story of Rainbow Fish. And it is very good book for young kids. That is what I like about the book Rainbow Fish.", 5.0
"	Rainbow Fish is a book I would so recommend and read. This book is good for young children because of the pictures. With the plot, pictures, and setting this book should be a little Newbery book. The book Rainbow Fish is a book that once you read it once you would want to read it again and again. And I think everyone should read it.", 5.0
"To give this 'book' to a child should be considered abuse. Communist propogranda disguised as an innocent book about a fish.", 5.0
"This story is just so sweet, & really has a good lesson for kids", 4.0
"My son saw this pirate ship and wanted it, even though he had a beautiful large wooden one. I gave in and bought it for him for his birthday. It's loaded with little pieces that make the detail impressive. My husband put it together, and it didn't take him very long to do. I highly recommend it as a great pirate ship for any age", 5.0
"Bought for three- and five-year old boys. Too many pieces and extra accesories to to keep track of.  They were all over the house.  It took hours to put the pirate ship together and once it came apart, it couldn't be put back together again.  I do not recommend this item", 5.0
"This is the best pirate ship I've seen.  Everything about it speaks volumes of great craftsmanship and quality.  This set includes everything you need for a pirate adventure, and more.", 5.0
"There's quite a bit of assembly required.  Set aside a couple hours, at least.  The boat goes together extremely well.  Every part works like it's supposed to, and they all fit together easily.  The result is a great-looking ship with two masts, four sails, opening aft cabin, and working winch on an intricately designed pully system.  The aft cabin features a bed, table, and benches.  There's also some room to store some of the myriad accessories.  A staircase ascends to the main deck, and another ascends to the deck above the cabin, where the steering collumn is.  Large grates in the floor of the deck open up, offering access to the ship's hold.  Ladders ascend from the sides of the boat, offering our crew a way to get to the crow's nest.  There's also an optional weight that can be attached to the bottom of the boat so that it can float on water.", 5.0
"I have mixed feelings about the rigging for the sails.  There's a lot of it.  Fun with string!  Trying to tie knots with string isn't exactly my idea of fun.  The ship didn't look bad without it.  Having taken the time to assemble it, I have to say that it was probably worth the effort.  It certainly doesn't detract from the ship's appeal.  There's rigging that holds the mainsails steady, a string that connects the masts, and one for steadying the forward sail.  String is also used for the winch and anchor.  Assembling it all was time consuming, but the result is pretty impressive.", 5.0
"Our swashbuckling crew is three guys and a female pirate, the latter of which I find very appealing.  How many pirate sets have a woman on board?  All of the figures are top-notch in quality, although the articulation leaves a bit to be desired.  Straight arms that only move back and forth (I think it would look more natural if their arms were bent a bit at the elbows).  Stiff legs that move as one.  Heads move left and right, and so do the wrists.  The figures all look great.  Their hats stay on their heads.  They also have cowls, belts that can hold cutlasses or other items, cuff-links, and neckwear.  The detail on these guys is great.", 4.0
"Now, here's where this toy really sets itself apart from the rest.  I've always had a fondness for accessories.  Tools, weapons, animal friends...  Stuff for the figures to interact with.  Well, there are more accessories here than I know what to do with!  The sheer volume of cool stuff here is amazing.  Cutlasses, swords, rifles, pistols, knives, a harpoon, barrels, baskets, a serving tray, jugs of wine, goblets, a lantern, shovel and pickaxe, spyglasses, an accordion...  There's a varity of fruit!  A sack of flour.  A treasure chest (it has a nice locking mechanism).  Two manual-firing cannons with plenty of cannon balls.  There are more cannon balls here than I know what to do with!  Racks for storing the cannon balls.  A parrot.  A monkey.  A chicken coup with three hens!  Wow!  And four rats.  This is an impressive array of accessories.", 4.0
"My verdict:  thumbs way, way up.  They did an awesome job of designing this ship and outfitting it with a great crew and loads of accessories.  I feel like I'm looking at a toy designer's magnum opus.  Takes a while to assemble and sort out all the cool stuff, but it's more than worth the effort, and definitely worth the price of admission", 2.0
"We got this for our pirate-obsessed 4 year old for Christmas - it's now August, and I'd guess that he has played with it almost every day since then. I know some people complain about its fragility and the &quot;tiny-ness&quot; of some of the pieces, but I think this is a great way to teach a child to care for his belongings - we've still got just about every piece, included those four tiny wine goblets. It's also great for developing small muscle control - our son has gotten very adept at putting tiny swords in tiny hands, and loves mixing and matching hair, beards, etc. It's probably not for every child - but I pretty much worship Playmobil!! No other toys come close to capturing pur son's imagination and attention", 5.0
"This is a tremendous pirate ship.  Playmobil is by far the best maker of toy ships.  What is so great is that it looks so good and realistic while still being a toy.  Disregard other reviews that say "my kids destroyed it".  I taught my son, 6 at the time, to take care of his things, and after years of use it still endures.  My daughters love it also.  The winch, the cabin, the hold and all the other details are awesome.  Clearly a classic.  I have BestLock, Disney Treasure Planet, Fisher Price and other brands of Pirate ships and this is clearly the best.  We even attached the Playmobil motor and sailed it around the pool.  It goes so well with the other Playmobil themed toys.  I wish they would come out with an even bigger ship, but this is clearly the best available and it looks so good on the bonus room shelf when not in use!  As for assembly, you wouldn't expect something this great to assemble in 5 minutes, but it is soooo cool with the rigging and sails.  It's the kind of toy you can display.  It works great with Playmobil or Papo figures.  Clearly one of the best toys in "our" collection", 2.0
"THIS TOY IS CLASSIC! I FIRST GOT THIS SHIP WHEN I WAS 9. I'M 28 NOW, AND WOULD HAVE JUST AS MUCH FUN WITH IT NOW AS I DID THEN!! I PLAN ON BUILDING AND ENTIRE PIRATE KINGDOM VERY SOON. PLAYMOBILE IS TOPS IN MY BOOK. I WOULDNT REALLY RECOMMEND IT FOR KIDS, THOUGH, THEY MIGHT GET A CANNON BALL JAMMED UP THEIR NOSE OR SUMPTHIN'!", 4.0
"Playmobil toys are wonderful, no question, but the more elaborate they are, the more problematic.   This ship is gorgeous and has great detail, including real string rigging.  This toy took forever to assemble, especially that pesky rigging,  with the usually excellent insrtuctions falling short.   After about a day of playing, my two boys had dismantled the ship enough that it wasn't fun anymore, and after three days I could no longer get all the parts back together.  It is now a somewhat expensive box filler.  The other Playmobil Pirate sets are still much loved, and have been conscripted on the nearly invincible Good Ship Fisher-Price", 1.0
"The pen is prety loud when Jack Balck screams NACHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  A must have for the office..", 5.0
"I bought this kit to do face painting at my daughters 4th birthday.  I wish I would have opened it a week before then I would have realized that it is AWFUL.  The "paints" transferred almost no color, the small sponge applicators were useless b/c the amount of pressure needed to pick up any color caused them to pop off.  The "crayons" worked a little better but were still really faint.  We ended up using the "crayons" to color some faces on gourds and then threw the kit away.  It wasn't even worth saving to try to figure out a way to make it work.  Don't waste your money", 5.0
"THis is a very cute CD player, but after I read the "toxic" waring on the electrical cord to wash your hands after handling and that it can cause reproductive harm--we returned ours.  I don't understand why they would make such a product for children to use??", 4.0
"I bought this for my daughter's room so she could listen to classical music while she sleeps. I was going to buy a regular CD player and then I seen this one. It matches her room beautifully and works great. She's too little to carry it around or use it herself (she's 1 1/2), but she loves her "pretty radio" as she calls it. We haven't had any problems with ours and as for the "toxic" cord, I plugged it in once and I don't plan on moving it so its not a problem for me.", 1.0
"The only thing that I don't like is the CD player skips if you bump it. It doesn't happen if you walk by it or shut the dresser drawer hard, only if you tap it or bump it by accident. I thought that was odd considering that it was designed to be carried around, but since ours just sits on the dresser I don't have a problem with it unless I hit it.", 5.0
"Overall it is a great CD player. Adorable and functional!", 4.0
"I bought this for my 6 year old even though it's recommended for ages 8 and up.  She has had it for almost a year and it's still working!  However, I have emphasized that she keep it in her room, so she hasn't carried it around much.  The sound quality is fine for a youngster and she learned quickly how to change the CDs, which is front-loading.  She has used it a lot and I feel that it has helped her learn how to relax in her room sometimes instead of follow me around asking what she can do!  (Probably sounds familiar to lots of moms.)  I would recommend this as a first real CD player", 5.0
"Another wonderful puzzle made by Melissa & Doug! My 2 yr. old grandson enjoys the animal pieces.  I highly recommend all Melissa & Doug puzzles", 5.0
"this item is great i got this about two months ago and it still works just fine i have been making movies with my friends for awhile now and we always have lightsaber fights and we hit as hard as we can and both of my friends that i make movies with have the others and they both as well work just fine and they've had them for longer but the only problem is that the waving sound is a little sensitive and even is who needs the batteries any way it shoots up by is self thats good enough for me.", 4.0
"What a great way to teach little one how to count. Not only does it help with reading comprehension, it helps little one with number recongnition, social skills (Pooh is so polite) and helps with memory. My little one started with the leap frog products we're up to the quantum now and he still likes to get one of the younger books out just cause the stories are so cute and lots of fun.", 5.0
"It's a book filled with Pooh, Tigger and all the friends from the 100 acre woods. Learning last a lifetime, so get them started with fun friends from Leap Frog", 5.0
"Lots and Lots of Honeypots was one of the first LeapPad books my son received, so it's clocked in a good many hours of play. The story is straightforward, and easy for young preschoolers to grasp. Although, it's the games that really occupy my boy. There's loads of praise for the right answers, and a repeat of the question when answered incorrectly. I like this aspect of play, as it encourages learning. The activities challenge children to listen to instruction, recognize items, and follow through by touching the pictures on the pages.", 4.0
"It's difficult to get a 3-year old to listen for any great length of time, but this toy promotes listening, and focus. That alone deserves a decent rating from me. I recommend this book for children 3 and up, but caution parents that it may require some supervision. The GO button must be touched every time you turn the page, so the LeapPad can identify the page. This alone may cause frustration. The pages are sturdy; yet, little ones may get over anxious and crinkle the pages, or worse, tare them off the binding. I've repaired a few pages with tape, but it's not desirable.", 1.0
"I don't have any complaints about Lots and Lots of Honeypots; however, I've discerned over 6-months time that these books are mastered quickly. If there were more pages per books with progressive learning I wouldn't cringe so much at the price tag. Overall, I'm satisfied with the content of this book. I recommend it for young children who haven't mastered counting to 10.", 5.0
"My 3 yr old son LOVES this book! He can answer the questions and yet it was not so easy as to bore him.  It's perfect for preschoolers who are learning their numbers and counting", 4.0
"...or at least ones in Ohio.  Purchased this item as a gift for a friend who has enjoyed it tremendously.  The one comment I received from them regarding the Deluxe Librarian Action Figure is that her "Shhh-ing" action can be somewhat intermittent.  My friend did suggest that it "might just be the batteries".  A worthwhile gift for any librarian in your life", 5.0
"Nice book and it keeps my little boy keeps busy following the story and game", 5.0
"My just two year old grandson has been a Jay Jay super fan for about three months.  I just got him the LeapPad Jay Jay book and he spent one complete day memorizing it.  It's hard to believe", 5.0
"I am such a major fan of PBS and all the programming they share especially for children. When I saw that LeapPad for preschoolers offere one with Jay Jay from the hit show Jay Jay the Jet Plane I pulled out my credit card. They are few choices in our local stores for these books for the My First LeapPad version of the educational toys. I say if you can get it-grab it! The morals to the stories are one's my son Evan who is only 2 retains from day to da", 5.0
"My kids 2 & 4 like this leap book.  We are not especially JayJay fans, but I was really pleased with the content of this book.  It has some really neat stuff to learn about in it...not just the ABC's and 123's.  Its content includes many science themes like Animals,Dinosaurs, Planets and Solar system, Landforms, Seasons and weather, as well as simply learning what goes on in the Day and Nightime or what to wear for different weather. The main story focuses on a butterfly named Breezy that is flying south. I was pleased with the different content that it provided, it was a nice change from the typical abc's. You don't have to be a JayJay fan to enjoy this one, but Science is the main theme here so if you are looking for abc's and 123's...you wont find that. I gave it 4 stars for durability simply because its paper, and it can get worn", 5.0
"My daughter received this for her third birthday almost a year ago. She LOVES it! I was so excited to be able to get it for her in pink (we also got the matching pink/purple organizer). The microphone is SO fun and the books that come with it are very entertaining. She loves to record her voice and then hear her responses played back within the story. We have purchased several other books for her, some of which do not have the "microphone" feature. She has enjoyed all of them, over and over, although I must admit, the ones with the microphone feature are her favorites. I wish Leapfrog would come out with more of them with that feature. My daughter often takes this in the car with us, and also plays with it at home a lot. It is fun and educational. I love that I can continue to buy new books for it that get more advanced as she gets older. This is a toy she will be able to use and enjoy for many years. I highly recommend it", 1.0
"Bath time is my son's favorite part of the day.  This product actully made him throw a tantrum because he was so frustrated. Something I've never seen during bath time or art time! Basically the paint doesn't adhere to any surface that is wet.  The sponges work if the parent carfully applies the paint straight from the tube and the presses it on part of the bath that hasn't gotten wet.  However, my three year old son could only get a blob of color if anything at all.  I would take this product back, but it was given to us by a family member.  I think I'm going to put it in the arts and crafts area away from the bath.  I'm sure it will work better away from the water.  This is the first review I've ever written.  I wanted to share my experience so others can save thier money", 2.0
"This product is absolutely useless.  The "Paint" is so thin it does not work as advertised.  You cannot write with it on the body or the walls.  Complete waste of money", 1.0
"This is a great item, but it has only a 4 to 5 minute run time and requires a 5 hour charge. Otherwise it works good and is fun", 2.0
"I got 2 of these for easter for my 10 and 7 y.o. girls (we have about a thousand stuffed bunnies--OK I did get them a tiny stuffed one this year) and so far my 10 y.o. loves this handheld game.  She grooms and feeds it and goes to different parts of town on the subway, which she thinks is so funny, and earns stickers, etc.  OK, its not making her into a raving genius, but she really likes it.  It seems that the bunny doesn't die (thank God) or run away (ditto) on this game like some other little games like this she's played.  She's a sweetie, and she gets bummed out when she is busy doing things like, um, homework, and when she finally gets time to play  her little creature has run away from home.  Yes, I know, hit the reset button, but you know what I mean if you have a tenderhearted kid.", 5.0
"The digital bun I got for my 7 y.o. apparently arrived w/ a dead battery.  She was disappointed so I am getting new batteries online--need to get a bunch of those weird little batteries anyway--and hopefully it will be ok.  Too bad about the dead batt.  I guess they could have pushed the "try-me" button before sending, but I understand that is asking a bit much.", 4.0
"My son earned some money for doing chores and bought three of the fusion crew figures at a Dollar Store.  That was on December 17.  He loved them so much that Santa sent the Fusion Crew Dome (currently available here through eToys for a reasonable price).  Now that son (6 years old) and his brother (8 years old) are having a blast playing with this set.  Despite other, more expensive toys (a transformer that was $50! ouch!), this has been the surprise hit of Christmas.  Based on others' reviews, I have told them to be careful with the scanner bars.  They aren't too rough on their toys, so this should not be a big problem.  If your kids (boys, probably) love Pokemon--where they "battle"--and you want other options beyond card games, then I recommend this as a great toy!  Be prepared to search for the figures though.  Right now, FisherPrice.com has some of them, too", 4.0
"My 5 year old son really enjoyed playing with the fusion crew pieces and I finally got the fusion dome and he loves it. I was able to buy the Fusion Dome and all of the fusion crew pieces at Dollar stores. I paid $7.99 for the dome at Conways and $1.50 for a pair of figures at the Dollar store. I paid a total of less than $30.00 for what would have cost $100.00. For those of you that want extra fusion crew figures, check out your Dollar stores and Conways. Your kids will thank you for it", 4.0
"I wish they were still making the Fusion Crew creatures because they made wonderful behavior incentives for my 5 year old son.  This game works something like one of those trading card games.  My husband used to play "Magic" when he was in college so enjoys the Fusion Dome with my son.  You stick critter halves together to create your own creature and then compete with the other player.  The dome talks you through the process and anounces the name of the creatures by reading a bar code.  There are lights and sounds and the loser gets "flushed" down the shoot.  My son can be pretty hard on his toys and this one seems to be holding up well.", 5.0
"My 4 yr old begged and begged for this toy and I finally gave in when I found it on clearance. After playing with it for maybe an hour, even he said "Mommy, this was a waste of money!" If he doesn't follow the directions exactly in the order said, or tries to skip ahead, the game is unable to keep up and then he gets frustrated. I'm really glad we didn't pay anything close to full price for this useless piece of plastic", 5.0
"My 4 year old son got this for Christmas.  He'd been asking for it for months.  He absolutely loves it!  He's always asking for me to play it with him.  I don't even think the buttons each player presses really do anything but he thinks they do.  He anxiously awaits to hear who wins.  It's a lot of fun for him.  I imagine for older kids it may not be much fun but for 3-6 year olds it is. Not much educational value but perhaps it could teach a child how to listen and follow instructions.", 5.0
"This is the best gift I purchased for my son for Christmas this year. He has played with it so often we have had to replace the batteries 3 times already. He has just about all the monsters. The only problem we had in the beginning is showing him how to get it to work. Since he has learned how to start it he has had no problems. Love it!!! UPDATE - You can no longer purcahse the fushion dome characters and most of ours have lost arms and do not read when placed on dome. I do feel I got my moneys worth because my son is very rough on his toys. I just wish they would make more", 5.0
"The item was just awsome.  We play it every night.  We could only purchase in department stores the cards and not the complete game.  It so much more fun with the board", 5.0
"If you love Skip-Bo your gonna love this new deluxe version. This game is much neater with the board and gives you a little more direction, the added scoring cards are great too. This game is easy to play, and a great learning tool for youngsters. This is a great addition to any families set of games", 5.0
"I bought 3 for my Mom and her friends. She could not find this game anywhere in the store and was very very very happy that I found it on Amazon and for the price that it was listed", 5.0
"Created by the makers of Uno, Skip Bo has that great "lets play" feeling. It combines skill, strategy and, in some cases, a lot of luck. The players try to be the first to use up all the cards in their Stock Pile by playing them on Building Piles in numerical sequence, 1 through 12. On the end of your turn though, you must discard a card on one of YOUR OWN discard piles (max of four). Here is where you MUST use all your skills and strategy since you will be able to use only the card on the top of each pile in combination with your hand cards to deplete your Stock Pile. Cool, huh? Well it gets better! Skip Bo cards act as Wild Cards to add excitement to play. Use them correctly and you could be making all these combinations while your opponents sit there watching your Stock Pile get smaller and smaller wondering that your IQ is must be over 140. And nothing beats the look on their faces you turn over your last Stock Pile card to discover it was a Skip Bo card. It's like winning in Texas Hold-em on the river card. OUCH! You will have awesome fun playing this game. And even tough it's a game with numbers; you do not have to sit quietly while the players think. Au contraire, talking, laughing and making jokes is just part of the fun. What's not to love about this game?", 5.0
"DELUXE EDITION: This edition is very nice with a score pad, card tray and a game board that has reserved spaces designed for the four Building Piles and Discard Piles for up to four players. Since Skip Bo can be played with up to six players the Deluxe Edition Board falls a little short. I do believe this edition is still worth buying. It is perfect for up to four players and very useful in keeping a place for the Building piles if played by more. Great game, great edition, extremely educational and lots and lots of fun. Worthy of a Greatest Games Ever Made Award. Have Fun!", 5.0
"After struggling to find a gift she would enjoy that would also provide a little educational content, I'm happy that I wound up choosing the Global Puzzle.  It was a good challenge for her, but not so difficult that she got frustrated or bored and gave up.  I would gladly recommend this product to others with children in this age range.", 4.0
"Don't be fooled by the perfect cut of the countries on the box cover. I bought this for my [...] thinking the pieces were actually in the shape of the countries and it would be a good learning tool. Not quite. Some were. Most were not. Some countries were so small they were difficult to read. This will be in our next garage sale.", 5.0
"Springbok puzzles are still the best", 5.0
"I recently purchased this puzzle in the search for making my "geographically challenged" children learn more geography. Not only was this a great tool for learning, but I ended up joining in and educating myself in the process. For those parents who are worried that their children are not learning and becoming more "worldly", this is a perfect interactive tool that is both fun and helps feed their brain", 4.0
"During Christmas, I bought this puzzle to entertain my 5,6 and 8 year old nieces and nephews while my sister cooked dinner.  I am not a puzzle person, but thought it might keep them busy and teach them something at the same time.  I was right.  What surprised me is how much fun I had as a 29 year old completing the puzzle!  I was shocked by how little geography I knew.  During the holidays, we had a ball completing the puzzle and have saved it.  Each time I come over, we go and look at the puzzle to identify new places members of our family have traveled.  Great product", 5.0
"My family has been taking an annual overseas vacation for many years. We have been all over. My wife and I try to educate our two children about the places they will see before we get on the plane. Geography is one important aspect of this, and my children have learned an immense amount about the world from the global puzzle.  We have posted the puzzle up on my daughter's wall and have painted a dot of red nail polish on every country that we have visited. We still have a long way to go, but the global puzzle is guiding us.  I definately recommend this puzzle", 5.0
"I originally bought this for my 12 year old son, but after starting it with him and then putting him to bed, my wife and I ended up drinking a bottle of wine and putting the rest of it together while planning our future travels to far off places like Tanzania and Thailand.  Fun and educational, even for adults.  Of course the hardest part was remembering which part was done before the adults took over so I could return the puzzle to the incomplete state my son left it in.  He is working on it now ... no wine though.  Overall a great educational and enjoyable purchase", 5.0
"I originally purchased the puzzle for my 12 year old daughter but the whole family eventually put it together.  In this case ignorance isn't just bliss, it is also fun.  Our family was shocked how little geography we knew.", 5.0
"This puzzle turned out to be like two separate games.  First, we tried separating the pieces by continent (which we did very poorly).  And then we put it together.  It was fun finding out how far off we were at times.  Everyone was shocked how many countries we had never heard of or couldn't even place in the right continent!", 4.0
"Overall it was a great learning experience for the whole family.  I recommend this product.  It is well-designed, pretty and fun to put together.", 5.0
"Okay, so it's not really educational, however, my older kids, who are big SNL fans, have gotten a good sense of the older shows from the game. We've had a blast playing this together.", 5.0
"The little game pieces are SNL characters, however, they are mostly recent (Land Shark and Conehead are the only older ones.) The pieces are CUTE though! Really funny.", 5.0
"One disappointing thing is that while the DVD plays a portion of a skit, it doesn't play the whole skit. Surely, in a DVD (part of a $40 game!), they could have included entire skits.", 4.0
"I like the questions in general, and found the game challenging, but not overwhelmingly challenging. I think it's great for the average SNL fan", 5.0
"Everyone wants to complain about how trivial and difficult the questions are, but have you ever played normal trivial pursuit? You have to be a major geek to get some of the questions right. I had a difficult time playing this, because i was not a baby boomer, and i come from the Darrel Hammond, Jimmy Fallon era. The farthest back I go are the Mango days.", 5.0
"As for the game pieces, they chose some of the most memorable characters from the show to be featured on the pieces and gameboards. There are some memorable African American characters for sure, but the game company had to make a decision out of all of them! It would be challenging. I'm sure they pondered Gumby or Stevie Wonder or James Brown just to name a few.", 5.0
"For anyone that has knowledge of only a few of the SNL seasons, you might want to refresh yourself by going over the Anthony Michael Hall days (I didn't even know he was on the show!). If you have limited knowledge, I suggest a game such as Scene It. It is much easier!", 1.0
"A must buy for any SNL fiend! Good Luck", 4.0
"I got this game from my wife on X-mas. My family was excited to play it that evening. The game was excruciating to play. We are average SNL viewers having seen most episodes at some point in time (there are reruns on everyday), but the questions are TOO difficult. You would have to watch the show 12 hours a day and take detailed notes to get most of the questions right.The DVD only plays a few questions from each catagory so when you use up the questions it refers you back to the written questions. Lastly the DVD plays the same few SNL theme notes over and over again. We had to pause the game to make it stop.", 5.0
"We returned the game the following day", 1.0
"This is so fun i love saturday night live and i love this game go sparta", 1.0
"My 6 year old son loves his Leap Pad.  Although he has 10 different books, this is his absolute favorite!  He loves the cards and never seems to be bored with it.  We have the Leap Pad Storage system (I highly recommend!) and that has made it easy for him to keep his cards together.  When he's finished with the book he puts the cards in the mesh pocket of his storage system", 1.0
"My boys ages 6 and 3 love this book.  It is different in that there is a deck of cards included that can be inserted in the back of the book and then the child can learn different facts about different dinosaurs...ie...how fast...when did he exist...how much did he eat.  They love this part, "runs as fast as a chicken" "big as an elephant"  it allows them to make a comparison to something they know", 1.0
"My son loved this book so much that he got up at 6 a.m. the next day (lucky me!) just to play with it. And unlike most toys, this one has stayed close by and been used frequently since then. So this would have been a bargain even at full price. At this discounted price, WOW", 4.0
"This LeapPad book is perfect for children fascinated with dinosaurs!  Packed with fascinating facts to make your little one an expert on dinosaurs", 2.0
"We bought this for our 4 year old son who loves dinosaurs.  This is a very entertaining and educational book.  My son enjoys the different pages with fun facts and games.  The last page has a culminating activity using 16 interactive dinosaur cards.  WE LOVE THIS!  After learning about each of the dinosaurs he can play a game where he can improve his &amp;amp;quot;title&amp;amp;quot; by carefully deciding whether he should make friends with other dinosaurs or fight other dinosaurs.  This is by far one of the best Leap Pad books.", 5.0
"This is the best toy I ever bought for my son.  He has been playing with it every day for the past 2 months.  Usually he get tied of a toy after 15 minutes.  He has learned all the dinosaurs' name.  My son is 5 years old", 2.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old son. This is by far the best leap pad book he has received. He has played with it almost daily for over a month now. The cards make it extra fun for him and they are easy to keep track of if you keep the book/disc and cards in the package.", 1.0
"I bought "Leap and the Lost Dinosaur" for my kindergartner and he absolutely LOVES it. His favorite part is the page at the end which includes several clear plastic pockets in which he inserts the included dinosaur cards to hear how certain dinosaurs might have interacted if they came in contact. I gave my son a snack-size resealable bag to store his cards in so they're less likely to become "extinct"! The folks at LeapPad thoughtfully included a "wild card" that can function as any of the dinosaurs in the collection in case one (or more) of the cards should happen to go missing. I am completely satisfied with this addition to our growing LeapPad library", 5.0
"All but two pages of the book will work just fine even if all of the cards are missing .", 1.0
"It might be best if reviews were based on actual experience and not assumptions made by people who "almost bought the book", 4.0
"Wonderful learning toy...well made and everyone loved the bright colors! Thank you for selling quality toys well worth the amount paid...which was more than reasonable.", 1.0
"We got this for my daughter when she was 6 months old.  She learned quickly how to roll the tummy to play music.  A year later, she still plays with this toy.  Although it doesn't do much (it lights up and plays music), she seems to like it.  We keep it in the car now, and it has gotten us through some tough car rides.  The songs are cute - my husband and I find ourselves singing the songs :)", 5.0
"This certainly isn't a "must-have" toy, but it is a cute addition to any toy collection", 1.0
"My 10 month old son loved this when I first bought it and plays with it every day.  He's played it so much that he'll roll the barrel until one of his 2 favorite songs comes on and then he dances...very sweet", 4.0
"I have two boys...one is 8 months old and the other is nearly 3 years old.  My 8 month old recieved this for christmas and absolutely loves it.  My three year old plays with it too, whenever he can get his hands on it.  The music is light and simple, nothing too annoying.  The little voice is so cute!  I plan on buying the lion version of this toy as well...I am sure they will love it just as much...Great toy", 4.0
"My son received this for xmas when he was 18 mos and loves it. We keep it in his crib and he is always playing with it. He wont go to sleep unless he hears his elephant", 2.0
"I bought this toy thinking, "well, it plays music...maybe it will keep my son occupied." He loves it! He spins the tummy wheel over and over again! You may find yourself humming the music at times like I do! There is an on/off switch in the back so you don't wear the battery down, and also 2 volume levels so you can set it to loud or soft. Luke's face lights up every time I bring it out. It doesn't bounce or do tricks, but the tummy lights up and plays music when you spin it, and my 8-month old can play for ever with it! Any child who loves to spin things or play with balls will have a blast with this little elephant...it even sings 2 bedtime songs. The singing voice is very soft and gentle, making it even more appealing. For the price, it is definitely worth purchasing", 5.0
"This inflatable bed is adorable...my granddaughter loves it.", 5.0
"However, the "pump" that comes with it is worthless. It takes forever to pump it up. Do yourself a favor - buy an electronic mattress inflator/pump.", 5.0
"This product was very difficult to set up due to vague instructions.  I struggled for an hour then after reading reviews online I discovered the tip about hooking it together prior to inflating which makes all the difference.  You also have to understand how the brackets work by pushing them through past the hard plastic piece & then rotating 90 degrees.  If the hooks aren't properly in place the bed won't set up correctly.  Once set up, my 22 mo. old loves it, but even with lots of bedding she gets very cold which is a common problem with all airbeds.  The surface is always very cold to the touch & we keep our house temp at 74F. After her 1st 45 minute nap she woke up with purple lips & was shivering.  We have to lay lots of blankets on the bottom & on top of her, even though in her crib she only needed the bottom sheet & one snuggle blankie.  We also had to roll up a few blankets between the mattress & the sides due to about 6" of gaps which a small chid could get wedged into while sleeping & possibly suffocate.  It does have a warning on pkg to not be used under 3yrs of age.  For now we'll make it work because she loves it so much & would be heartbroken if we took it down", 5.0
"The "idea" is adorable and it looks amazing on the box, but the actualy product is very poor in quality.", 4.0
"It takes forever to blow up, then we couldn't get the headboard part to stand up straight. It kept leaning in.  The construction is very poor also. The sides are attached oddly and not made to last (hard to explain, but it is not one sold piece, each section is seperate).  Ours also had a slow leak and would partially deflate by morning causing the castle (which was already leaning) to collapes.", 5.0
"I called, e-mailed and wrote the company to get a replacement (I couldn't return it) and they would NEVER respond. You have to leave a voicemail message with the company and I couldn't get a live person. After 3 months I gave up and the junk is sitting in the closet. I wish Disney didn't allow their name to be put on this product", 4.0
"My husband and I bought this bed for my step daughter and does she love it or what!! We only get to see her every other week so the set-up was worth seeing her face and knowing she would have her very own "princess bed"! The only problem was that the diretions do not tell you to put the 4 pieces together before inflating them. We figured it out soon enough! She is 5 years old and fits very comfortably in the bed. Air mattresses lose their value, as we know, but we feel that with this bed, being a weekend warrior, she will be able to enjoy her "princess bedroom" for quite awhile without losing any valuable sleeping time!", 5.0
"We purchased this for our daughter solely for a bed to sleep on. We feel that it was extremely inconvenient in the setup and takedown. We also noticed that during the night she would roll over and fall between the side and her velvet mattress. Because of the danger of her suffocating at night we returned the bed.", 4.0
"We purchased this bed with the intention of using it for vacations, sleepovers etc.  However, we soon came to realize that setting this bed up is no easy feat. It comes in four seperate inflatable pieces. You need to first assemble the footboard to the headboard which is done by fitting plastic pieces into each other and turning them. The only problem is they keep falling out. The battery operated ( 4 D cell batteries) pump that is included is painstakingly slow. Even with an electric pump which we used, there are many different air chambers that need to be filled and it is quite time consuming. This bed can not be set up in minutes as they claim and as far as taking it apart, to fit it back in the storage bag you need to completley deflate it. I would not recommend this bed to somebody looking for a travel bed. We ended up returning it", 4.0
"this is one of the most frustrating toys i have ever used with my child!", 5.0
"it does not work :", 5.0
"This pottery wheel is the best I've used as a non-professional.  Others that are on the market in toy/hobby stores just don't stand up or work as well.  I highly recommend it", 5.0
"Please, do not waste your time on this product. It is the biggest waste of money. I bought it after using professional potter's wheel in the studio I worked at, and did not expect for this toy to compare to the wheel's at the studio, so I was suprised at the speed the wheel went at with nothing on it, and with 2lbs on it. But the very minute I put the slightest pressure on the wheel to attempt to center the clay, the wheel came to complete stop. I tried for another hour with less and less clay, and the result was always the same. This is a complete gimmick and not worth a moment of your time", 5.0
"this wheel was fun for my daughter to use, but ut broke very soon. i wouldnt recommend this paticular toy to people", 5.0
"I think this toy is not educational at all. It is way to over priced and it breaks really fast. It is a usless toy thjat is expensive to buy but cheap when it comes to playing with it. I had bought one for my little sister for christmas and two day after she was playing with it, it broke so I thought ok maybe she did it so I took it and told them whant had happened and then I got anonther one for her then the next day it broke so it is really a cheap toy in my eyes. And you might say ooh.... your sister was too young to be playing with it well my sister is 14 years old. So that is my review for the Pottery Wheel", 5.0
"My 5 year old daughter, who has seen me return home from the pottery studio with my works in hand, was really excited to received her own pottery wheel for her birthday.  We were both greatly disappointed to find that the wheel power was so insufficient that each time she even gently placed her hands on the clay, the wheel came to a grinding halt.  Given this, it was impossible to even teach her the basics of centering clay, let alone create any sort of thrown piece.  I did not expect this to work as well as the wheels I use, but I did expect that she could at least learn a few fundamental skills.  This product was completely disappointing and I would not recommend it, particularly if there is no parent with throwing experience.  If this is the best product out there, I recommend sticking to hand building with clay--they can learn to thrown on a wheel when they are old enough to go to a proper studio", 5.0
"The wheel works fine...my five year old son loves it so much we ran out of clay the first use.  Much to my dismay, there is NO CLAY available at ToysRus that works with this wheel...we had to go to a craft shop to find real clay and that is too difficult to work with...so we are stuck with a wheel we cannot use because the clay that works with it is not available...what a GIMMICK", 5.0
"While I wouldn't expect a professional quality wheel for a child's starter toy, I would expect a wheel powerful enough to at least turn.  Even my daughter's 7 year old hands on a well wetted lump of clay proved too much resistance for this wheel.  It kept stopping dead at the slightest touch.  The lack of power will be frustrating to any child, and making a balanced bowl will be impossible. Kids would do better to form bowls by hand.  We took this toy back", 4.0
"I purchased for my granddaughter.  She's love's to bake and this is a great educational tool", 5.0
"This is a great item to purchase for your little chef. I bought this for my niece as she had used all of the other mixes that came with her oven...she loved it!!", 5.0
"It is good to use even if you don't have an easy bake oven. You can use it in a regular oven also", 5.0
"This Toy is fun for girls of all ages and is fun to use", 5.0
"I've had an easy bake since I was three. I think that I enjoyed, and continue to enjoy the oven so much is because of the joy if brings to know I've made something myself. This set it deffinently usefull and a great value. Instead of paying $10.00 for one set I pay $10.00 for 12 sets. Its a great buy. I highly recimend it", 5.0
"the easy bake oven is great, i want a career in baking and cooking, so this really helped. my little sister loves it as well", 5.0
"The easy bake oven is great. My daughter learns to bake in in a oven.Its just the best for he", 4.0
"If you love sugar cookies,chocolate cookies,and yellow cake I really,really think you should get this super value pack,'cause instead of just getting 4 easy-bake mixes,you get 12 mixes,and i don't know about you, but I think that is a great super value and I think you should go to the nearest toysrus,or where ever you get your mixes and get this easy-bake oven super value pack", 5.0
"Just bought these on clearance for my daughter. Couldn't have gotten a better deal and the product is larger and much more fun looking than I had pictured. She will be very happy to receive it. Seems durable and a must for a fashion fever fa", 5.0
"Grandma purchased this monkey for my daughter on her 1st birthday.  It was an instant favorite and she doesn't travel anywhere without it.  I love when she has put it down somehwere and can't remember where it is.  She'll walk around the house saying "Monkey...where aaaaare yoooouuu???"  My daughter likes sucking on the tail so he does get rather nasty and smelly but luckily he washes really well and stays relatively soft.  As monkey goes everywhere with us, I thought another one was a necessity.  I accidentally got the large version of Dangles and when I pulled him out of the box and handed it to her, she stared at it, picked up the REAL monkey and walked off.  (Did mommy think she could pull one over on me??  I think not!)  So, since large monkey won't do, I'm buying the REAL monkey...just in case.  I gave Dangles 5 stars cause I know how much she loves him and how happy and secure he makes her feel.  Definitely worth 5 stars in my book", 1.0
"Dangles is so soft, squishy and cuddly! We got this for our son when he was just a few months old. It quickly became his favorite snuggle toy. He is 1 year old now and MUST have his monkey to snuggle with in order to go to sleep. Unfortunately he likes to suck on his tail and it can get quite yucky. Fortunatley Dangles washes very well! I put him in the washer in the handwash cycle and then tumble him dry for about 90 minutes on fluff/no heat in the dryer and he is ready to go in time for the next nap! Although he is not as perfectly soft and fluffy as he was when we got him, what do you expect from a toy that can be washed in the washing machine and is constantly dragged around! I rated Dangles as 3 stars for educational value. You might not think a stuffed toy can be educational, but we think he is! When we ask our son where the monkey's eyes, mouth, nose and ears are, he points right to them. He gets his hands and feet mixed up, but he'll figure it out soon! We purchased an extra Dangles for Nana's house to avoid the crisis of forgetting to bring him along.", 5.0
"My daughter loves to lay on her ball pool...We have 300 of the", 5.0
"A definite must if you are purchasing a ball pit. The number of balls they come with isn't enough to really have fun. When the pit is full, the kids can dive into it without getting hurt.  Just know that you'll be picking up balls for days! A small price to pay though when you see how happy it makes them", 5.0
"I haven't had any problems with these ball pit balls. They are very soft, which I like for safety reasons. Very brightly colored and seem to hold there shape very well. We haven't had any of them crush or dent. The instructions say if they do dent, place them in hot water and they should return to their original shape. We're glad we purchased these. The only reason they only got 4 STARS is because of the price. $19.99 is too steep a price, expecially considering that 100 balls doesn't go very far. We bought 200 balls and it doesn't even cover the bottom of our small ball pit. You will definitely need a lot of balls to make for fun play. 100 seems like a lot, but don't be fooled. It's not as many as you think... Toys r us has 100 balls for $9.99, which is a MUCH more reasonable price, but I haven't purchased any yet, so don't know what they are like..", 4.0
"Combined with the jump-o-line this toy is great.  They do not maintain thier shape very well but that's fine because they are soft and safe.  Younger kids can use them for games to learn colors.  As soon as they have more in stock I'm buying another two to three hundred", 4.0
"My friends and I have game nights very regularly and together we all own about 25 different games. Taboo is HANDS DOWN the favorite game!! You can guarantee that you will laugh hysterically and get your blood pumping. The only downside is that since we have played it so much, we know all of the cards already. Unfortunately there isn't a Taboo expansion pack with new cards. THIS IS THE BEST PARTY GAME!!!", 5.0
"This game is definitely an amusing one to play amongst a group of friends.", 4.0
"The buzzer adds the perfect obnoxious factor and arguing over the tweaks in the rules and trying to get people to get your point leads to some very funny moments", 5.0
"This is an awesome party game! Even if you have less than four people, you can manage to have fun with a few adjustments. The problem with these kind of games are that words get used up fast. However, it is a very fun and challenging game. You'll have to find something else to do after a while though...", 5.0
"My son grew out of it very quickly, and frankly he didn't care about it at all.", 5.0
"I would think this is for 6-9month old babies.", 5.0
"Though the product says the blocks are suitable for babies as young as 6-months, keep in mind they are talking about how safe they are!  Not necessarily that the kid will like them that early!  (They may and they may not.)", 5.0
"I bought a different set of 6 blocks for my daughter because *I* found them adorable.  In the beginning, she just wasn't feeling them.  Even when she was old enough to hold and examine them, I think I found them more interesting than she!", 5.0
"BUT... after putting the blocks out of sight for a while, then pulling them back out, she's much more in love with them!  Remember that kids develop at different stages, not to mention, they are little humans and simply have different tastes and interests!", 5.0
"My advice: don't write these blocks off as not very good simply because your child doesn't like them.  Start with one small set and (re)introduce it to your child at intervals.  After the age of 12-18-months, they may be into them a whole lot more", 1.0
"I really like these blocks. Every block has something interesting inside it. I was just a little disappointed when I saw the dog and the cow. I don't like the appearance of these animals and think that some kids may have problems to recognize them", 5.0
"Before my 3 year old was born I saw these and bought them, I thought the were just too cute.  When she was a tiny baby she liked to lick and suck on them, as she grew she played with them occasionally.  The items inside were not as interesting to her as I thought they would be.  The toy did not engage her, though her older sister enjoyed playing with them from the ages of 4-6.  I just packed up my set and will be donating them to her school. I thought she would have become more engaged with them by now.", 1.0
"Would make a great gift idea, but never know if it will be THE toy.  Don't be disappointed if you child seems less than interested.  As a parent, I loved them", 2.0
"These blocks are great fun. Each block has something interesting inside it. In our house these have been played with by boys and pretty roughly at times. The windows to see inside are still clear and not one of these blocks have broken. So I would say they are sturdy and hold up well to normal play.", 4.0
"This set is my particular favorite along with the transportation set. The animals are very cute.", 4.0
"On the ends of each block is a texture. Within each block is something interesting. And many blocks have an activity associated with it- push a button to make a noise, twist a knob to make something turn around etc.", 5.0
"The one thing I would warn is that these blocks do not stack well, particularly in tall towers. So if you are thinking of buying these for tower building, I'd consider a different set of blocks. Otherwise, these are excellent toys.", 5.0
"They provide a basis for communication and vocubulary building with your child. They are sturdy and encourage language, eye hand coordination and so on.", 1.0
"If you enjoy toys that are fairly quiet, do more than have a push button to make a noise, foster independent creative play and exploration of the world this is an excellent toy.", 5.0
"Enjoy.", 5.0
"Price is not bad. However, house does not attached perfectly. You cannot move it after you put it together. My husband picked it up trying to move it to another side of the room, and the bottom story fall out. After all, my 4 yr old daughter enjoys it. And have no problem with it so far.", 5.0
"I easily put this house together.  It looks good and the kids love it.  The staircase is not used becasue it keept falling off.  Very worth the price.", 5.0
"The doll house was just as expected. Easy to asemble. I would think that any one thinking of purchasing one should not hesitate. The delivery time was excelent and would recomend it to any interested party !", 5.0
"Yes, I bought this enormous dollhouse- I saw the low price, and thought "how cool" : the dollhouse I never had growing up.  Reviewers are right- it's total junk. It's made mostly of particle board, and apparently cheap particle board at that.  You really can't move it, as folks said, it starts to come apart.  So, I would suggest looking elsewhere- I think Hearthsong might have a nice wooden dollhous", 4.0
"My step-son ordered this doll house for my daughter who is 6 and I was really scared by the reviews that the other people had given it, but this doll house is GREAT.  It did take two people to put together, mainly to steady the floors until the screws were in, but it is very sturdy and my daughter loves it.", 5.0
"My daughter has been asking for a large dollhouse since she was 4 but we waited until we knew she would be able to take care of it and use it properly.  We finally decided on this dollhouse and when we got it we found the thing is made of cardboard and particle board with very few actual braces made of real wood.  There isn't enough hardware to keep the thing together and it broke almost immediately despite very gentle use by my mature seven-soon to be eight- year old.  She was devastated.  I found a much better dollhouse by Imaginarium that is almost the same price as this.  To me the extra 10.00 is worth it knowing that my daughter will have a dollhouse she can actually USE.  Please don't buy this dollhouse, you will be dissapointed.  Instead check out the Glitter Dreams Dollhouse or the Uptown Dollhouse both by Imaginarium", 5.0
"My son loves this car. He loves how it lights up and all the sounds it makes. He is 15 months old and recieved this car for Christmas. This is a great toy", 5.0
"Great transaction - Bought this and had it shipped to my sister's house on the other side of the country and she received it in only a few days! I was shocked. THANKS so much", 2.0
"It takes a little while to learn this game -- it's not completely intuitive, but it's not really difficult, either. Once you do, it's easy to remember the rules. This game does require a pretty large playing area, such as a dining table.", 1.0
"I wouldn't recommend this game for most children under 9 years old", 5.0
"My entire family loves this card game.  It's fast-moving, and playing in pairs results in unpredictable moments.  Teams try to advance in a car race by collecting and using mileage cards, while their opponents try to give them flat tires and car accidents using "hazard" cards.  Although the directions may seem complex, it takes just a few minutes to understand the rules of this simple game.  It's a nice portable game for those who travel", 2.0
"My parents brought this back from Berlin in the 1960s and taught my sister and I how to play when I became a teenager.  This year, I found it and taught my wife how to play.  She's hooked.  We're hyper competitive, so each hand can last half an hour as we trash each other with Hazzards.", 2.0
"As our kids get older, we'll use this for fun and to sharpen their on-the-spot math skills.  (But we won't tell them that!)", 5.0
"It's simple but addictive.", 5.0
"We just had a baby 2 months ago so needless to say we're home a lot now. We can easily spend 2 hours playing this game and it beats watching TV all the time. It's easy to learn the rules and the handy little reminder cards make it easy to remember what all the cards mean.", 4.0
"My (adult) son recently mentioned this game, remembering all the fun he and his sisters had when they played it as children. So I bought it for him for Christmas.  I wish you could have seen the joy on his face when he opened it!! He received "pricier" gifts, but this was his favorite!", 5.0
"This game looks just the way i rember it back in 1967 when my brother, sister, and myself would play with my grand mother. Now i get to relive that fun with my kids and family, Makes a great game for family game night", 5.0
"We had this game for years, it was lost in a fire and we just found it again. It is a lot of fun playing and we are now teaching relatives who we have game night with to play. It is a lot of fun...for 2 or more people to play too", 1.0
"I bought this game for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas.  I remember playing this game with my cousins when we were kids.  It takes a little explaining for the younger kids but they catch on fast.  We enjoy playing it as a family.", 5.0
"I played this game with my family when I was younger, and this game looks pretty close to the one we used. I'm excited to play it with my family", 5.0
"I bought several of these for use at our church.  They are an excellent alternative to a standard globe.  I didn't want to spend a bunch of money on regular globes, and we don't have a lot of room to store them.  These globes can be deflated and easily stored when they're not in use.  Also, if you are using them in a classroom, and you want a child to identify a country on the globe, you can simple throw it to them.  Believe it or not, we didn't have any trouble with the kids getting rambunctious with it, but it did keep their interest", 5.0
"This globe is a "blow up" globe that can be reused again and again.  It easily folds up and can be carried in a pocket.  It is made of tough beach ball material.", 2.0
"I bought it to take to a farming village in the jungle in northeast Luzon in the Philippines, and there was no way I had room for a regular globe in my luggage.  This blow up globe was perfect for the long, rough trip.  I used it to show the people I was visiting where I live, and where their village is, because they had never seen a map before.  The globe was useful for showing where the typhoons that hit their village come from, how close the Philippines is to other countries, and whatnot.", 5.0
"I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the individual US states are not shown on the map of the US, so I had to draw in California with a ball point pen.  Otherwise, this globe is a real handy, portable teaching tool.  It also comes with a repare kit in case you pop it", 5.0
"Although this is meant as a toy, it is a completely adequate inexpensive globe ... pretty up-to-date political boundaries and all", 4.0
"This is a well made product.  It reminds you of a beach ball but when it arrives you find it is much thicker and more durable than most beach balls.  Also, if you are the least bit worried about the print being unclear and hard to read because it's stamped on an inflatable globe, don't be.  It's clear as a bell and a wonderful learning tool for little ones.  My 4 year old was asking me questions that would be SO much easier to answer if I had a globe yet, I didn't want to sink a ton of money into a fancy globe.  Also, he's not old enough to have interest in it EVERY day so this was the PERFECT solution", 4.0
"My 7 year old son thinks these planets are really cool and realistic looking.  He can now name all the planets and he thinks they are realy neat to look at day or night.  I would give this 5 stars but the intensity of the glow is not very bright even if I leave the lights on for awhile before bed time", 5.0
"Nice, but cheap plastic and at $20-$25 (depending on where u buy it), it is over-priced. Still, I like it very much and it hangs from my bedroom ceiling, glowing in the dark and bringing a smile to this adult 33 year-old's face!", 5.0
"Pretty inexpensive, doesn't take 135 IQ to figure out how to put it up, and the stars glow.  It's a pretty good model.  Some of the planets are kinda small, but my 6-yr old loves it, so it works", 2.0
"We have been completely disappointed with this set.  Our boys (ages 3 and 5) received it as a gift...and I certainly hope the purchaser didn't pay $20!  The planets are flimsy plastic balls in two pieces.  They are various sizes, but are NOT remotely to scale.  The fishing line and tacks are tedious to assemble.  Gift buyers should be SURE the recipients want to attach nine planets to their celing with tacks and extra adhesive putty (not everyone does!).  We would much rather have a cool mobile where the planets could rotate around a sun (which is missing from this set).  Ours is going in the trash soon", 2.0
"We got this for our 4 1/2 yr old son for christmas and hung it above his bed. The tacks didn't work for us (plaster walls) but so far they're staying up with tape. After reading books, its fun to talk about the different planets with him, and he likes seeing the glowing planets at night. Four stars because a sun would have been nice", 4.0
"This looks so cool that Im gonna order some as soon as I get enough money for it!!!!!!I love this!", 5.0
"We got this over two years ago for my daughter when she was 6 months old.  We were looking for a mobile that wasn't "traditional."  She still loves it and so does her baby sis.  Yes, there isn't a sun, but if you look at the proportions, you would need a beach ball for the sun!  We hung the planets from differ lengths of fishing line.  Our only problem was Jupiter was too low and we kept hitting it.  That was easy to fix.  Don't forget to put the star stickers on the star tacks.  If a tack fall out of the ceiling, you can use a flashlight at night to locate it quickly!", 5.0
"We bought 2 sets of lower case and one set of upper case letters and love them.  We painted a wall with chalkboard paint and added the magnet additive so the letters would stick to the wall.  It's been great fun! My 5-year-old uses the letters to practice words she's learning to read at school and to make new words and "write" whole sentences.  Then we "write" sentences for her to read -- instructions for tasks she's to perform, clues to surprises etc.  Even my 18-mos-old twin sons are getting into the act", 5.0
"I purchased the uppercase set and had to purchase the lowercase magnetic letters too.  This set is wonderful and colorful.  They are bigger with more magnetics that really stick well to the fridge.  My two year loves to move the letters around and knows his alphabet based on these letters.  I am very happy with the purchase", 5.0
"My 8 year old and 6 year old love this game!  It is genius to make a game that can be played 3 ways.  Never get bored of it.  Although my daughters love horses, so that couldn't possibly ever happen", 5.0
"Each player collects a herd of wild mustangs and ranch horses, and "adventure" cards add an element of chance. Each horse has a name, its picture card tells a little about it's personality and it's breed (if a ranch horse). The game can be played several ways. My daughter has wanted this game for a long time, and I was surprised that she actually likes it as much as she thought she would, and is still playing with it nearly every day for almost a month now", 4.0
"I gave the game "Herd Your Horses" to my 9 year old niece. We have played it 3 times since opening it on Christmas Day. All family members who have played it have had a great time. We have played only the first, but found it easy and fun to play. I am glad that I found a board game for the family to enjoy.", 5.0
"It was intriguing to know that this game has "three" versions of play, AND we are being educated on "horsey" facts as we read the cards too.", 5.0
"Thanks for offering a great game for many ages to enjoy", 4.0
"I bought this for my 6 year old horse-obsessed daughter.  There are some intricacies she doesn't quite understand, and you have to keep the directions out and handy the whole time which is the only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars.  It is now the hit of our Family Game Night - even my husband enjoys it!", 2.0
"This was a gift for my grandaughter.  We were very pleased with the variety of options available with this game.  It allows for solitary play as well as group play.  And, there are three variations of the basic game under both the solitary and group play modes.  The quality of the game board and the players is excellent.  This is a great game for both younger and older children.  And it is a fun family game.", 4.0
"My 6 year old daughter received this for Christmas last year & we have pretty much played it EVERY night since then! She even brings it with us when we travel to her grandparents for over-night visits.  I highly recommend buying this for your horse-loving child.", 5.0
"My mother got this game for my daughter's 9th birthday and it has been SO much fun.  My daughter is a horse nut and it can be hard to find horse related board games.  We enjoy playing it as a family and my husband and I even broke it out the other day with no kids in sight,lol.  The games are easy to learn but not so overly-simple as to be boring to older players.  My daughter enjoys the one-player options at times when no one else is available to play and my husband uses the factoids on the cards to study up and be able to understand my daughter and I when we start talking about horses", 4.0
"My 8 year old daughter loves horses & is mad about riding.  She loves the game - partly for the gameplay and partly for the information in the game cards (which list the colours, breeds and characteristic markings on horses).", 5.0
"The fact that there are three variations of the game and some solitaire versions included is just a bonus", 5.0
"My daughter cannot get enough of this game.  She got it for her 11th birthday and plays it constantly.  Its very informative.  She loves horses and is planning on being a vet one day; she also horseback rides weekly.  The friend that gave her the game loves horses too but does not ride and only plays this game when my daughter asks her too.  So if you're not REALLY into horses then this will just be another game to you", 5.0
"There is a small white bead in the bottom of the SNAKE NUT CAN; it is a choking hazard for young children. (I think the bead is included in the bottom of the "can" so that it sounds like there is something inside the can when you shake it.) When I opened the box of 25 SNAKE NUT CANS, many of the white beads and bottom lids were all over the box.", 4.0
"The SNAKE NUT CANS have too many pieces: plastic can, screw top, yellow spring(which represents the snake), bottom lid that pushes and comes out easily (it is supposed to conceal the hits bead), and white bead.", 5.0
"I expected it to have 3 parts: can, screw top, and spring (which represents the snake). The bottom lid is cumbersome (and comes out easily)and the white bead is a choking hazard.", 5.0
"Vendor did not allow me to return this item because I ordered more than 24. Amazon helped me resolve this issue", 5.0
"I was surprised at how strong the spring is.  It works great, really only for kids, as the can obviously doesn't look realistic to adults.  Good laugh", 5.0
"This is a typical snake can and the way it's educational is that when you open it you find out it's not nuts and that it's really a snake, but then you think and reflect and notice it's not really a snake but a spring covered with cloth. It's not a snake, and it wouldn't fit into a can anyway and make it alive through shipping and still have the energy to make it out with so must gusto. Now you might think "well it ate the nuts to stay alive while it was stuck in there." But, snakes don't eat nuts, so this isn't it, face it, it's not really a snake", 4.0
"This gun is great. I got 2 for getting all a's in 5th grade. I put the batteries in. Mine worked, but my brother's didn't. I sent it back. A new one came in a few days. This time it worked. This gun is amazing. I win so many times. So far i only lost one match. I reccomend this gun highly", 5.0
"My only gripe is the colors, ha ha ha...", 5.0
"Seriously, got some of these just because I'm immature and wanted to play even though I'm a bit old for it I suppose...", 5.0
"Ended up loving them, and quite surprised at what you get for so little money really.", 5.0
"kudos on a toy that is cheap and versatile, and in fact , works as described!!!", 5.0
"I bought 2 of these recently. All around they are great guns and i enjoy them very much. The range REALLY goes 400 feet like it says and the modes are awsome to play on. The best LT gun on the market", 5.0
"This is a really fun TOY IT ROCKS!!!!!!", 5.0
" If you like lazertag... BUYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ITTTTTTT!", 5.0
"You can fire a rocket at your opponent.  Its like a bazooka gun! You can name your gun and text message another player who has this gun. You will love it", 4.0
"I originally purchased 4 of these for my husband for Father's Day to play with our three boys and at $5.00 each plus free shipping, I thought if they didn't work, what the heck, I spent $20.00 and they can pretend they work! Well, when they opened them up and got them figured out,(It took a good hour because they are very sophisticated)they didn't put them down all day! I wished I would have bought one for everyone of their friends on the block! What a great value! They play with them everyday- outside and inside! I am so glad I got these-a very good bonding experience for father and sons! The week after I received these, I went to Circuit City and sure enough, these were on the shelf for $50.00 each! You won't regret this purchase!", 5.0
"I just bought two of these for my kids [...] (boy) and  (girl).  I was expecting that the guns would be of relatively low quality and would not be overall a great toy, but I wanted to encourage my kids to get outside and run around.  I figured I'd give Lazer Tag a try.", 5.0
"I was VERY surprised to find they REALLY WORK.  I mean they are really accurate and very good, solidly built toys.  There are a variety of games that you can program into the gun which keeps things a bit different each time (nice!).  My daughter doesn't play too much anymore though, but she was never really into the gun thing anyway.  Not a problem.  My son still loves to play with me and we run around and shoot it up and have a great time together.", 2.0
"The rocket REALLY works great also.  It launches very far and shoots out infrared (or whatever) shots in all directions on impact.  Very neat effect.  My only concerns with the rocket are that it is made of a nerf-type material and can break/tear if not taken care of.  We just lost one (actually, I think my wife lost it, not really the kids).", 5.0
"We also bought two of the individual "taggers" (guns) and they add even more fun.  We can have teams play and it adds a few new games to the mix including our favorite, "own the zone", where one of the handguns is the "zone generator" and it emits a zone of infrared which you have to try move into and stay there to score points.  Very hard, and lots of running in that game.", 5.0
"The batteries seems to last a long time.  We played for several hours one day on a single charge with no problem.  Then the kids played over several days for shorter bursts still on the same batteries.  I would estimate at least a few days play per set of batteries.  We bought rechargables for all of them too--it'll same money in the long run.", 2.0
"I think all of the guns are quite durable, made of seemingly sturdy plastic.  I think the kids could rough them up and they'd still be OK.  I've read other reviews of people dropping them on concrete and still being fine.  One day, though, my son was pumping up the gun in preparation to shoot the rocket (built in air pump-thing) but to do so he stuck the muzzle of the gun in the dirt.  This got mud/dirt all over the dual lazer lenses on the front of the gun and then he couldn't hit me for about 10 minutes until we realized it and cleaned them off.  No permanent damage done though.", 5.0
"Ideally, I think the best ages for these guns is 10+, but coordinated slightly younger kids could do OK also.  It is essential that the kids have other people to play with though and you need enough guns to go around for everyone.  Still, we got 4 guns and rechargable batteries for under $100.00.  Not bad really.", 5.0
"Oh, I've read some people complaining about having difficulty programming the game modes on the guns.  Yes, it takes about 20-30 minutes to become proficient and really should be initially handled by an adult, but now we fly through it no problem.  Kids probably wouldn't be able to figure it out by themselves (little kids I mean).", 4.0
"Overall, I recommend the Lazer Tag brand of guns.  Very good so far and we expect only more fun to come now that spring is here.  Even my wife was out playing with us last time!!!", 4.0
"Go buy them-- you won't be disappointed.", 5.0
"PS:  I only gave them a 3 for educational value because it's really more of a running sport type toy.  Sure, you learn teamwork and strategy, but it's not chess you know.  You get the point", 4.0
"My four year old son loves this dinosaur. It's a bit loud though, no volume on the crunching noise it makes, but other than that it's good. He has a ton of fun with it, and the other dinos in the line, including the mega t-rex which is great, and not as loud. It also comes in green but I wasn't able to find that one", 4.0
"I just received this toy. It is destined to be a Christmas gift for my 3 year old son.  It snaps its jaws, with sound, and then roars.  I expect my son will love this toy.  There is a simple-to-use lever underneath the tail to activate sounds. I don't see this lever being a problem for a three-year-old. He wants to "scare his sister", or so he says!  Its a little less expensive than its larger counterpart (mega T-Rex), but still has the fun factor", 5.0
"These little gadgets are pretty fun to play with and the games on them are a good way to take a break from work for a few minutes!", 5.0
"This was THE item my eight year old wanted for Christmas. We searched high and low finally paying too much for the product. While it looks cool, the RV doesn't hold together very well. The balls that dissolve and turn into aliens are a one-time deal and most of the rest of the set hasn't been played with since Christmas.", 5.0
"The action figures get more play than the RV and everything connected with. My advice is to save the money and pick up a couple of the action figures because your kids will get far more fun and use out those than this set.", 5.0
"It really was cool in theory but rarely gets played with.", 1.0
"My son (6 yrs old) really was excited to get the lab for Christmas.  Not the best toy. This toy needs a lot of adult supervision, it has many little parts. The disc viewer is very blury, we haven't even touched the goop it came with. If your child is a big Ben 10 fan like mine all of that dosen't matter,  he thinks it is a cool toy.  I don't think it's worth it , but I'm not a 6 year old boy.", 2.0
"My son saw this advertised on tv and begged for it for Christmas. I looked for it everywhere and finally found one last one on the shelf right before Christmas and thought it was a great score. Wrong! After playing with it for 10 minutes, watching the Alien "balls" fizzle like Alka Seltzers til they exposed a couple of cheap, plastic toys, he completely lost interest. The van is poorly constructed and the parts do NOT fit back in, nor does it stay together. Just TRY to store it on a shelf without it falling apart and spilling its contents everywhere. This piece of junk is going right in the give-away bag. And my son won't miss it", 5.0
"I have two major complaints with this toy...", 4.0
"1.  It is not durable at all.  My boys have not had much time to play with this toy yet, but there are all already plastic pieces broken off of the vehicle just from moving it around under the tree.", 1.0
"2.  There are a number of pieces included with this toy, and the vehicle itself is too small to store the accessories.", 5.0
"It seems to be poorly built and poorly designed.", 4.0
"The only reason I gave it two stars was for the alien forms that can be made in the beaker.", 4.0
"This toy won't last long at our house before it sees the recycle bin.", 1.0
"I liked the characters and how it was made. The pictures were interesting on the cards.  Thanks for sending them", 2.0
"It is an excellent toy and it is quite educational because if you use this with the cards it teaches you because it is quite hard to play Yu-Gi-O", 5.0
" This deck is great. It helped improve my deck. My deck consists of these cards.            Barrel Dragon Limited edition,                             Megamorph,                       The winged dragon of ra strongest of the 3 egyptian gods, dark sage, elemental hero clayman , Mirage knight, knight's title, dark magician knight, dark magician, Sage's stone, Palaidn of the white dragon, ritual weapon, Ritual summoning for pal of white dragon, and many more", 5.0
"i actually believe a kid that say japenese cards are beter.hey american konami, get your crappy factory makin those ultra rare cards that only japenese into american, some people can't read pjapenese!and about this deck,it rules!!!!!!!", 5.0
"yo,i gotta love this,but...my cousin said that before i was born, he had yugioh cards,and he say the one i have right now,these cards back then were expensive. he say konami ruined yugioh??????", 5.0
"i love this deck. i once got it on my birthday, then ma sista got one.i wanted her blue eyes.i stole it.i am still copping with the fact i did somethin wrong.i just love it.i have twenty dollars, maybe i can buy 2 more of these. and give back my sister her blue eyes-??????????", 5.0
"This was a wonderful Christmas gift.  Not only was it appreciated by my niece and her husband, for their son, but it's a gift that keeps on giving - everytime it's used.  PS...My great nephew loved it", 4.0
"I bought this as a gift to a 3 1/2 year old twin girl.  She had received a doll houise for Christmas so I thought she would LOVE this.  I was right.  She insists on playing with it everynight with her MOM.  They are traveling soon and looking forward to it entertaining her for hours in the car", 5.0
"This is my favorite toy! I use it when traveling or just at home. I consider this a Princess toy because its the perfect toy. Jus tlike a princess is perfect", 5.0
"My son is young and is really into his room being a "club house".  He likes the idea of it being his space.  This was a great idea. He feels like when he sets the alarm that he has "locked" his room and his cousins can't get in.  He checks the log to see if there have been any atempts to break in.  Easy to install, doesn't damage the wood doors or frames", 4.0
"I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY EIGHT YEAR OLD FOR CHRISTMAS WITH A BUNCH OF THE "WHATS POPULAR NOW" TOYS. THIS BY FAR IS THE TOY THAT HAS KEPT HIS ATTENTION FOR MORE THAN A FEW MINUTES. MORE LIKE NEARLY 2 HOURS THE FIRST TIME WE TOOK IT OUT. IT ALSO KEPT MY 6 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER AND THE EVERY ADVENTEROUS 4 YEAR OLD BUSY. I HAD TO KEEP DAD FROM DIGGING AND DUSTING OR ELSE THE KIDS WOULDN'T HAVE GOTTEN A TURN. AFTER FINDING THREE BONES - I TOLD THEM IT WAS TIME TO PUT IT AWAY AND SAVE IT FOR ANOTHER DAY. MY HUSBAND WOULDN'T QUIT FOR ANOTHER 30 MINUTES UNTIL THEY HAD FOUND AND UNEARTHED ONE MORE BONE. THEY HAVE MANY HOURS OF FUN LEFT WHICH IN RETURN WILL GIVE THEM AN ADDED BONUS--NOT ONLY ARE THEY HAVING FUN; BUT ARE LEARNING AT THE SAME TIME!! ONE CONSIDERATION IS THAT IT DOES SAY FOR AGES 8 AND ABOVE, BUT MY 4 YEAR OLD HAD HIS SUN GLASSES ON AND MANAGED QUITE WELL. HIS ONLY PROBLEM WAS GETTING DAD OUT OF THE WAY!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!", 5.0
"This is rather amazing, as I didn't realize that my son was as interested in fossils and dinosaurs as he is.  He is so thrilled with his project, we are now spending lots of time at the library finding all sorts of  information pertaining to this subject.  He seems to be more interested in  all his subjects at school.  What a surprise to all of us!", 5.0
"This Product is not so good because it only plays happy Birthday. I have tried it", 1.0
"I'm really pleased with this toy.  I didn't want one that would fall over easy or that spoke Spanish.  I just wanted a simple toy that my son would enjoy for longer than 5 minutes.", 5.0
"This is it.  My 13 month old can pull himself up easily on it and play with it.  I do lean it against the wall since it would slide on the hardwood floors but we haven't had any problems with it.  He keeps going back to it to play with it and it's one of the first toys he plays with in the morning.  I think that because it does so many things he doesn't get bored easily.  It does alphabet and numbers as well as colors and texture and shapes.  Then you can switch it to do music (which he loves to dance to) and the keys all light up which grabs his attention.  My 4 year old enjoys playing with it as well.", 5.0
"My daughter loves this toy. She really likes to put the balls through the shoot. It is great", 4.0
"To whom it may concern: my granddaughter has had so much fun with this toy. there is so much for her mind to be interested in and to keep busy, she can play with it for hours it seems. Thanks so much for such smart toys, with this and other toys like this we have bought our baby will be so smart when she gets to school! Thanks so much!!!  :", 5.0
"This product has a LOT of different things to touch and press. My son will play with this for a while before he even thinks about getting bored. He especially loves picking up the balls underneath the unit, standing up and putting them through the chute. My son is 13 months, my only complaint is to myself for not purchasing this toy earlier!", 4.0
"We bought this for our son when he was 6 months old, and had just learned to pull up. He LOVES it and a 1.5 months later still climbs all over it.  The product has a recall for the ball drop, and they give you a part to stick down there. The probelem was children getting their arm stuck.  But when you put the part down their to prevent the arm going in, the balls don't go down!  THat is why I gave it 4 stars.  We didn't realize it until we put the part in, and it doesn't come.", 5.0
"Hubby took it apart, and got it out, our son is to young to get his hand down their anyway.", 1.0
"Their are many things to it, and its fun.  He loves to play the keyboard.", 2.0
"It has rhyming, numbers, letters, opposites, feelings, songs, colors shapes, ect.", 5.0
"Have fun", 4.0
"We purchased lots of LeapFrog products but this is the one we are very disappointed with. The toy can be put together very easily but it stopped working in one day. We were told to clean the battery compartment with alcohol but it still didn't work. Since we purchased it through Amazon, we had to wrap it up and returned it and paid for shipping and handling. We called LeapFrod and found out they have lots of issues with this particular product.", 4.0
"My Daughter was 8 months when we ordered and received the Learn Around Playground.  This is by far her favorite toy.  Ever since she could pull herself up on her own, it's virtually impossible to keep her entertained with toys on the floor.  This product not only keeps her entertained while standing, she's learned to use each part of the toy like the ball drop, the lighted numbers, and the pop up frog.  Just like with any toy, parents will know each sound and song by heart in just a couple days, but this is a good product", 5.0
"I bought this while I was still pregnant and started letting my son play around with it when he was about 5 months old. He will be one next month and still loves it. It's great for a child just sitting up and then it's a whole new toy once they can stand. It's very durable too because my son has drooled all over this thing and it has never had any problems. The balls are nice and light weight too so when they get thrown across the room no damage is done. Great toy!", 5.0
"Our little girl has taken this stroller out with us every day since she received it (from Santa) - she absolutely loves it. We weren't sure if she would still be interested as she is six years old - but she has not stopped playing with it. People approach her when we're out shopping and remark how real it appears.  She strolls it around with her Corolle Lila doll and people have to look twice to realize it is a doll", 5.0
"I got this for my 4 1/2 year old daughter. She loves her dolls. She likes to give rides to her chihahua and her baby dolls. It is a nice and big stroller that I think she will get years of use with it. It has nice big tires that go smoothly through long grass. The tires are white though. But easily cleaned with a sponge. I like  that we can easily fold it when we take it with us in the car. Since it so roomy I have to remind  her to only use it for her toys, not friends. It has not happened. But I am worried about it. The frame is sturdy but it is not meant to support a childs weight. Over all we are very pleased with it", 5.0
"I searched for weeks for a doll carriage for my two-year-old daughter.  After reading the reviews on Amazon, I decided to spend the extra bucks and go for the Corolle Deluxe.  It was very easy to assemble (less than ten minutes) and required no tools.  My daughter LOVES it and so do I.  I highly recommend it", 5.0
"Yes it's more expensive than the rest. But the quality and overall ease of use is worth every cent. My 4 year old daughter is tall for her age, so the multi positional handle is great. The pram is easy for her to set up and use, also the reclining back rest and foot rest when used as a stroller is easy to manipulate. We have had many people stop us and ask where it came from.  It is also easy to fold down and put in the car trunk (my daughter takes it with her when we go shopping). I also purchased a "cheaper" pram, It is headed for the return desk.  The basket underneath is worth its price in gold. If your child is into babies, this pram will last many years", 5.0
"It is rare for me to open up a toy and find it not living up to its packaging or advertising. So I was surprised to find that the painting kit in the "Creative Spirit" box was pure garbage. The paint was half dried-up and not nearly enough to paint half of the umbrella. The paintbrush was awful. My son and I have to go to the craft store to buy more fabric paint to finish our umbrella (which is by the way pretty lame-looking already). Hope the paint doesn't wash off in the rain", 5.0
"We bought this for our grandson for Christmas, when he was 22 months old.  He loves it!  The only problem is he sometimes uses it to get away from his parents when he doesn't want to do something and they have to crawl in after him", 5.0
"We bought this tent as a gift for our three boys, ages 1,3, and 5. This is a WONDERFUL toy. However, after only 3 months, one of the supporting poles cracked.  Now we can not set up the tent without it falling over.  For the price and durability, I suggest another tent purchase.", 4.0
"I bought this for my son 3 years ago when he was 1. He played HARD with it for 2 years and I stored it away for a year.  I just pulled it out for my 1 year old daughter, washed it and it looks amazing.", 4.0
"Thinking back on the abuse the tent and tunnel took and the amazaing shape it is in compelled me to write this review. There were periods of time it was left outside for weeks. It withstood many playdates. There is not so much as a tear in it.  Hightly recommend!", 5.0
"We just recieved this item and the dimensions of the toy are different than the dimensions advertised by the manufacturers description. It says that the tent if 51"x51"x43" and that the tunnel is 6 feet long x 19" in diameter. The actual size of the tent is 48"x48"x42" and the tunnel is actually 4 feet long x 19" in diameter", 5.0
"My daughter got this for her second birthday. She loves it. She gets so excited when we get it out. My favorite part is how small it fold up. My 4 year old daughter also loves the tent", 5.0
"Our one year old really enjoys this.  We ended up disconnecting the tunnel, as it took up quite a bit of space.  Though when we place it in another room, our son will sit and hang out in the tunnel.  Many of his toys end up in the tent with him and we always enjoy the disembodied sounds", 4.0
"Got this for my daughter's 2nd birthday- she immediately crawled right in.  She loves to go through the tunnel and has little dinners for her dolls inside", 5.0
"My 8 1/2 year old daughter got this four years ago for Christmas and I can honestly say it has been one of our most used toys! It has been set up all over the house and outside too. Up until last year she would still have sleepovers in it (It's getting a little small for her for that now). But it is still taken out and set up quite often. I usually set it up myself (I am 5'tall, and less than 100 lbs. and it is extremely easy and simple for me to do.) Unlike the previous reviewer, we have never had problems with tearing, it has been amazingly durable. I have an 18 month old now, and he is also loving it. I use just the tunnel with him sometimes, too! We love it so much I am getting one for my two nieces  this Christmas. This is one toy you will get a lot of miles out of!", 5.0
"The instructions say that it is easy set-up. However, it is very difficult to get the poles into the correct place to set the tent up. Without forcing too much, the tent tore", 5.0
"My husband & I love to play boggle so we were excited to find boggle jr to share with our kids.  We couldn't even finish playing one time.  This is not a game.  You don't roll the dice or play in any way.  This is a "learning" activity, but it isn't fun at all.  I am very disappointed in this", 5.0
"As a game, spelling primer, and spelling practice "free for all," this is overall a good value for money (shop around:  $5 - $15 range is out there).  A couple of BIG downsides when using the letter cubes for anything other than the supplied cards:  1) many simple words cannot be formed because needed letters are on the same cube, 2) all letters are not represented (not "cool" when your child can't even spell out his own name), very limited 3 & 4 word cards (trim 3x5 index cards to supply your own cards, but make sure the word can be spelled with the provided blocks!)  It would be nice to have additional letter cubes available, especially to have all the letters!", 5.0
"Rather than call Boggle Jr a game I would call it an educational tool.It is very boring!It has several dice and each of the sides are labeled w/a letter.There are also flash cards that you put in the holder and cover up the either 3 or 4 letter words and look at the picture to spell the words with the dice.That's basically it.Whoever spells the most words correctly wins.Not the most fun game but would be great to teach or improve childs spelling", 5.0
"I agree that the "game" is more learning vs playing per the directions.  However, a little creativity and a fun, educational time can be had.  The newest version that I play with my 3.5 year old son has us splitting the dice and taking turns rolling our dice with the goal of getting one of the word's letters.  He has fun rolling and searching his lot even if he doesn't roll a needed letter.  Plus he can easily handle 4 dice.  When you roll a "needed" letter you place it in its place.  The player who fills in the last letter "wins" and gets to spell out and say the word.  Sometimes we make up our own songs about the winning word.  This version easily keeps him happy for a half hour at a time and he has also played his own take on his own.", 2.0
"My 2.5 year old son and our 4 year old neighbor played this game for almost thirty minutes tonight.  I think that is a long time for young children.  Yes it is a teaching tool and needs parent involvement, and no, there are no snazzy sound effects or anything fancy about this game.  It is brain work, plain and simple, and good for children.  If you are excited the children will follow your example and have a blast!  Our children jumped up and down and hugged each other every time they got a word correct and they worked together helping each other find the letters.  Competition is fun, but not needed to have a good time and learn.  If you want to help your child improve their reading skills or get a jump start on reading, this is a wonderful tool and it is a way to teach children that learning is fun.", 5.0
"Interesting reading the other reviews. I guess if you have a very strict interpretation of what a game is, you may be disappointed that there is no music, beeper, timer, or lights. I think there clearly is a winner in this game, it is my 3 yr old learning word recognition. He knows his alphabet, but this game shows him that all those letters make words. My son gets very excited when he see that he has completed the word. I think this game is an excellent learning tool. I also breathe a sigh of relief when I can find a game or toy these days that does NOT have lights, sounds, and batteries. I do however, have to add one sidenote, and agree with another reviewer. We have found a couple words can NOT be formed, because occasionally two letters needed to form a word are on the same block. You can eventually spell the letter by changing the blocks around. This definetly is an error and can make things tricky for a little one. However, it is only a couple words", 4.0
"When I first played this game at a party with friends, I couldn't wait to get a copy of my own.  It was around Christmas and the stores were all out and so were the online places.  I waited patiently until it became available and now I have my own copy.  It's GREAT!  Lots of laughs and very fun at parties!  I highly recommend it", 5.0
"This is the best game I have ever played at a party.  You will not regret it if you buy it", 5.0
"This is an excellent game to play with a group of friends.  Its fun and the rules are simple and easy to follow.", 5.0
"All of my friends and family love this game, and are always wanting to play or borrower it. So many people have looked for it in stores and have yet to find it, I say you have to buy it on Amazon.", 5.0
"We have played with all types of friends and family, and even our grandparents who are in their late 70s love it, as well as cousins in there teens", 4.0
"This game is like Apples to Apples, but even more fun! We played it over Christmas with ages 13- adult and EVERYONE loved it!!", 5.0
"This is a hilarious game for anyone over 8 or so, and can be played with a large group. No additional material is required, so it can be played anywhere", 5.0
"I thought this game might be as horrible as that Fact or Crap game, but no way!  This was HILARIOUS!!  It was tame enough to play with my mother-in-law while at the same time dirty enough to play with my friends. Like the other reviewer said, you do need to plan your sips of drink carefully.  Also, head to the bathroom BEFORE the cards are read.  I look forward to playing this game again and again.  LOVE IT", 5.0
"This game is a riot! To steal a word from a great series of beer commercials, it's BRILLIANT! We've played this game 4 or 5 times now, and every time, it gets funnier. There are moments where you're fairly certain whatever beverage you're enjoying is going to come shooting our your nose as you or one of your friends read the lines from this great card-based game. "I can't do it Captain, I don't have the power", "I ran over the Taco Bell dog", "I'm big where it counts" and other lines have all left us in stitches. This is a whimsical, entertaining game that draws from both pop culture and history to get some of its best lines, and the ability to customize cards makes the game perfect for close circles of family and friends to be able to poke fun at one another (but surely only in jest, right? -- I don't really need a diet, do I Heather?)", 5.0
"Kudos to the designers of the game, and thanks to the R man for picking this game up for us to play. Will be very entertaining for our New Years' Eve party! Next, we'll need an additional set of cards from the folks at Hasbro/Parker Bros. to add to the collection of whimsy. Keep up the good work", 5.0
"I love teaching my friends this game!  It is for two players and you have to pay attention to four different variables.  It is a simple concept, but challenging.  I like the wood pieces - it's not your average board game", 5.0
"We purchased this game on a short family vacation and loved it. The basic concept is simple enough for our 6 year old to play, yet the endless variations make it fun and challenging for older kids and adults.", 4.0
"It takes only about 10 minutes to play, which makes it easy to fit in a quick game any time (or to hold multi-game "tournaments"). We really enjoy this game and have purchased several to give as gifts to other families.", 4.0
"I got this game in Holland several years ago, have never seen it in the States, and was looking for a replacement after my dog chewed up a few of the pieces. It is really a great game, deceptively simple. The second image is totally wrong; you don't stack pieces on top of each other in this game. Recommended. Smaller children love being able to beat older relatives and friends of the family", 5.0
"I was introduced to Quarto as a child.  When I ran into a magnetic version at a rummage sale, I was delighted.  I have taught my students, all ages, all abilities, to play.  I have won and lost games with the students and they love the game.  I even bought a computer version!  This is truly the best", 4.0
"Quarto has given our family of 5 (kids ages 13, 11, 7) hours of great play time. It is challenging enough for a Mensa adult and easy enough for our 7-year old to play. Besides warranting all the awards it has received, it looks lovely enough to keep out as an &quot;art&quot; piece in the livingroom... thus luring erstwhile TV viewers. The company that makes this also makes other games that are just as fun and attractive. I considered giving it a 4 for educational value because it doesn't go much farther than develop conceptual thinking/outside-the-box skills (a feat in itself). Scrabble might be more &quot;educational.&quot; But in its category, it's a definite 5", 5.0
"I played this game with my nephew, who was nine at the time.  He quickly began to beat me at the game.  He was able to see the patterns where I didn't see them.  The game does require strategy on forcing you opponent to make moves for the win.  I highly recommend the game", 5.0
"Each game lasts only a couple of minutes, so it's great when you want to play just a quick game of something.  You have to keep track of both whats on the playing board, and what is left to play, so you have to plan ahead  the next several moves.  It's something the whole family can play,  regardless of age or education level.  In short, it's a great game for  everyone!  I love it", 4.0
"I got this game as a present three years ago, and my father and I have played since. We have devoloped stratagies, and it keeps you thinking, or else you will lose very quickly.  It takes a certain amount of skill and thinking ahead to master this game, and is definitely a great game to ow", 4.0
"This game teaches math skills, reading and using reasoning skills. Te animation is wonderful and Sponge Bob and crew keep my 5 year odl daughter enternained for hours! Great buy!", 5.0
"My five-year-old son just received this game last week.  He can not put it down.  He especially loves the silly sauce game and the money.  He has a deep fascination for numbers and money, so those games come "easily" to him.  He'll be 6 in a couple of months.", 1.0
"I agree with the other posters that say this is not for a child under the age of 5, not if you want them to actually play and learn from the games and not just guess at them.  Spongebob is a hit in this house", 1.0
"Sponge Bob helps your child learn without even knowing it.  It keeps there attention.  It is good to work with your child so they get the most out of it", 1.0
"I highly recommend this Spongebob cartridge for the Leapster system!  My little boy is a big spongebob fan and on Christmas morning he got from Santa a leapster and some Leapster games, of course Spongebob is one of his favorites.  My little boy is almost 4 and he completely understands each game included on the spongebob cartridge and in the 3 months we have had this game he is already going to higher levels with the game.  It teaches while letting your child have fun and that is what is the most important, if your child is having fun while learning they will continue to keep learning!", 1.0
"This spongebob cartridge teaches the values of money, colors, music game and more. The voices sound the same as on the cartoon and it keeps my little boy intrested in playing it still after 3 months he plays this game on a daily basis!", 1.0
"I would suggest this leapster cartridge for all", 5.0
"The idea of this game is that the child helps Sponge Bob collect ingredients to create a new secret sauce. The animation is cute, but the games are too easy (my son is 4) and it takes too long to collect the ingredients. Once enough ingredients are collected, the child then gets to play "kitchen chemistry" which is not much fun. The child can either guess at the recipe or tap or SpongeBob to get it. Patrick does the taste test and it is funny to watch his reactions, but "kitchen chemistry" is just not exciting, interesting nor challenging enough to keep the child coming back for more.", 5.0
"In addition to "kitchen chemistry", the cartridge has four other games:", 4.0
""Counting Claw": Has 3 levels, deals with counting change. the child sticks coins into a slot until he has put in the right amount. My son blindly sticks the coins in the slot until SPongeBob reacts. Then he enjoys playing the claw machine game and the wacky prizes that come out. But he learns nothing.", 5.0
""Conveyor Chaos": Very similiar to the bunny game that comes with the leapster system. Done a little better, but not very versatile.", 5.0
""Musical Garden": The child only has to play with assorted sea music until the timer runs out. The child's symphony is not played back. Music appreciation?? Whatever.", 5.0
""Bubble Scrubber": The one redeeming game on this cartridge. Unfortunately it only deals with 4 letter words. And there is nothing to entice the child to try more challenging levels. I did get my son to start using level 3 instead of 1 by playing it with him and now he prefers level 3. Although I do know the value of repetition, a few more words would be nice.", 5.0
"After experiencing First Grade (which is still my son's favorite), I was disapointed. This game is only mediocore.", 5.0
"I got my nephew a spongebob and leapster for christmas.  I asked my sister how he does?  She told me he got so excited and was so thankful that I got him a leapster which he is only 2 and half years old.  I was informed he is already graduated from the spongebob  that is only for 5 to 8 years old.  I would rate this for any child to use not just ability of age but under the limit age will be able to repeat and hear them as often as they can to build their intelliegent.  I can't wait to get him more leapster.  He's already asking for more leapster stuff.  I must say he's a leaster freak and plays it all day long", 5.0
"I am six.  I got this a year ago when I was 5.  I think the kids will like the Kitchen Chemistry, Counting Claw, and the one where you get griddle grease best!  I learned a lot from the Bubble Scrub game where you try to spell the words.  That was pretty hard for me. The rest of it was very easy. Basically all of it is pretty good.  This is the end of my journaling on this website.  Bye- Bye.  I think you'll like my suggestions for toys.", 1.0
"Once again,Amazon sold this toy at the lowest price of $3.99.Later I found out the nursery addition to the house includes the twins.", 5.0
"These babies are so cute! I was suprised when I found a bunch of them yesterday at a local store for the same price as the other individual characters, and now I wish I'd grabbed two sets, since they are such a huge hit!   One of my kids was a little annoyed that the babies stay sitting - their legs don't move, but once convinced that babies don't really walk at all, she has forgotten all about that fact.  The twins sit perfectly, and don't topple over, plus they seem to be just the perfect size.  Definantly a great addition to the Dora DollHouse character collection", 5.0
"I Bought This Toy For My Sister, As She Likes Scrat Alot. She Loves IT, & DisPlays It In Her Curio Cabinet. As For Buying It For A Child To Play With, I Recommend Not Cause It Will Be Boring To Kids. But If You Looking To Buy Scrat As A Collectible, Than I Recommend This Toy", 4.0
"This is a great toy and the seller was wonderful to work with", 5.0
"I wish I could give this toy zero stars, but Amazon doesn't have that rating. This item was selling like crazy on EBay, so when I found it here, I snapped it up. Normally, I don't buy things until I've been able to check them out first hand.", 5.0
"And this is precisely the reason why. I opened this figure and pushed the button to make it work. The first time, it just made a panting noise like the Scrat character does in the movie. The 2nd time, it collapsed and tipped over and made more panting noises. And every other time I tried to operate the toy, it did one of those two actions. I honestly can't tell if I got a broken toy or if this is supposed to be how the the toy works. It looks like the toy is suppose to scoot across the ground, but mine tends to tip over most of the time. Either way, it doesn't really do anything. I think even the youngest kids will be bored with this toy after about 20 minutes and it'll end up in the bottom of toy box after that. And, now, I'm wondering why I was so interested in the toy to begin with. My advice would be to save your money, because, unless you can get it for like [...] or less, it's not worth it", 5.0
"Admittedly, the mechanical execution is a bit weak but so what. If you love the little critter and get a kick out of him, it really doesn't matter.  Of course, in the spirit of Scrat, it sort of makes sense that he doesn't work quite right..", 4.0
"MY GRANDSON LOVES THE SWING, AND HE SIT SECURED IN SWING AND SEEM COMFORTABLE", 5.0
"This was exactly what I was looking for in a toddler swing.  My daughter sits in it perfectly.  It also looks very comfortable", 5.0
"ropes are cheap,and while strong,make the swing sit at an angle and swing not straight, but in an eliptical figure eight pattern", 5.0
"We bought this toddler swing for our grandchildren to use when they visit. It fits all sizes from 1 yr old to 3 yr olds and is easy to get them in and out. The plastic body is thinner than others I have seen, but it's fine for the amount of use it will get at our house. They do recommend that you bring it indoors when not in use and not leave it in the weather year round. Since we only use it part time, that has not been a big problem for us", 5.0
"We ordered two swings for our two grandkids (ages: both almost two years old) and they LOVED them!  They were nice and roomy so we will be able to use them for quite a while.  The straps held them in quite securely and made them feel very comfortable in the swings.  As a result, they loved going high.  We researched a lot of swings and needed them very quickly; these were the best price and we got them in just a couple of days.  They were exactly what we were looking for", 5.0
"I bought this swing for my son when he was 14 months.  Its the best outdoor toy I've bought yet.  He loves it.  We swing every morning and evening in it.  No problems at all with its functionality.  Some reviewers say it swings side ways.  Well, that can easily be adjusted.  Ours did also when we first attached it to our swing set and with minor adjustments its perfectly straight.  Even though my son is very tall for his age I think we can still get another 9 months or more out of it", 5.0
"My son loves it, and I have not had any problem to get him out of the swing", 1.0
"My daughter loves this swing.  We bought it ot put on the variety climber with swing set extension.  She'd love to swing all afternoon if she could.  I do have to agree with the other reviewers, the swing does tend to swing at a diagnol, but it happens when the child in the seat isn't centered in the seat if they are leaning to one side or the other.  You can only do small adjustments on the swing because it only comes with rope. No extra chain etc.  really will fix the diagnol swing, but you can barely tell it swings that way.  It has not taken away from the fun value and Grace doesn't seem to care one bit.  It is safe with a buckle and easy to get in and out of once you do it a couple of times.  I would buy this swing again, diagnol swinging and all.", 1.0
"My daughter loves to swing, and this product has been wonderful. We bought when she was about 9 months, and at 2.5 we have decided it's time to move up into something with just a front bar so it is easier to get her out of it. As she's grown, her shoes tend to get caught when getting her out of the swing. Last summer's sanadals were a pain. Overall this has been a great product. She enjoys it, and we feel like she is secure in the swing.", 2.0
"Overall, a great toy.  Our 2 y.o. son got it for Christmas, and was thrilled.  However, he was not satisfied having Boots as a wall sticker, so we had to go buy him separately, and he's not even close to the same size.  He also got very frustrated that Dora and Diego kept falling over.  We solved that problem by super gluing poker chips to their feet- works like a charm", 4.0
"My 3 year old son got this for Christmas and he loves it.  He loves  Diego and I was thrilled to get a playset that was not too girlie.  I do wish that there were a few more parts to it, as there are only a few.  However, this does not distract from the toy.  It is a great buy", 5.0
"My mother got this toy for my 3 year old daughter today. She has the dora dollhouse and plays with that daily. We even travel everywhere with the people and furniture. She loves the rescue center and we played with it all afternoon.  It comes with a little Dora, little diego, baby jaguar, baby bear, a bed for jaguar, a jeep and the pull out map. To me the map seems kind of pointless but my daughter was singing the map song moving Dora along the trail.  One of the best parts of this is that it actually comes with baby bear. My daughter likes to act out the meet Diego story and has everyone but the bear.  I also love that  unlike the house all of the pieces can be stored inside of it, when closed it stays closed and it has a handle for traveling.", 5.0
"While she is thrilled with this I really wish it were bigger.  Dora and Diego are pretty much the size of my thumb and are probably not a good idea for a child that still puts things into their mouth.  However, she could care less what size they are and uses both the little Dora and Diego along with the dollhouse Dora and Diego.  I honestly wish Fisher Price would make this bigger so that the dollhouse people could be used with it along with more of the animals and some sort of jungle that has a vine that  diego could swing on. I would glady pay 2-3xs the price of this if it were bigger.", 5.0
"I really do recommend this though as the size does not seem to matter to my daughter and it really is adorable.", 1.0
"My son, who loves dressing up in Harry Potter capes and the like, loves this.  So far, it has been durable, although he is not terribly rough on it.  Very funny to watch it inflate", 5.0
"My four-year-old son wanted this toy from the moment he saw it! When it went on sale for $4.99, I read all the great reviews others had submit and decided to give it a try. I was somewhat skeptical about how long this toy would hold my son's attention, but I was (and continue to be) pleasantly surprised. My son absolutely LOVES it! It was his favorite birthday present and I would highly recommend it to anyone with a son who likes Superman. It is easy to operate and seems relatively safe, too.", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 yr old cousin, and he loved it.  Everyone thought it was hilarious that they knew exactly where he was in the house because of the fan softly whirring.  He thought it was great and I would buy it again.", 5.0
"I think those who rated it low probably had a defective product and should send it back for replacement", 1.0
"I am pleased with this product.  It works well and was a delight to our little five year old grandson who loves Superman.  We had no problems with this item.  It is definitely a "fun" thing for a little boy to have", 4.0
"i can't belive the quality of this item.  For the small amount of money i paid i did not expect much but this outdid all expectations.", 1.0
"my grandson just loved it and hasn't taken it off since he got it.", 4.0
"Thanks for a terrific bargain", 5.0
"Even though my son has now lost interest in this as a daily source of enjoyment, for about 2 weeks he would spend about 45 mins - 60 mins just running around the house and yard. For the price of this and if your kid has any interest in superheros, you can't go wrong. My son still will grab this from time to time and use his imagination to it's fullest. It's definitely money well spent", 4.0
"I bought this for my 4 yr old nephew for Christmas. He LOVED it, he had to put it on the second he saw it and would not take it off all day!!! Great toy for superman fanatic boys. I was originally worried about the quality of the product before it arrived, but it has held up fine through daily use", 5.0
"You can get a piece of The           One.Then it is esey to get all of the pieces of Exodia.It is the best pack", 5.0
"First of all, Dark Beginnings is tight and all, but sometimes I'm not lucky with this pack... only once in a while... for example, last week, I pulled Big Shield Gardna... personally nice card, but I bought 3 packs and got only 2 holos... the other one was CoTh woot! it was kinda worth it but basically you get crap", 5.0
"dude... so much armor! It seems a little bulky for me, but the total body armor covering is a great idea. Too bad LEGO spent all its time on the defense aspect, when it could've developed something NEW for the weapon design. I'm talking about a completely new type of weapon. After all, Makuta is the ultimate villain. I think that many people were expecting something made specifically and exclusively for only the makuta set. But evil doesn't suit me so I might not get it.", 5.0
"-Willsbur", 4.0
"i got this set a long time ago in august 2003 and i still have it.", 4.0
"its great! i had so much fun when i got it. if you like building thing that are durable and can whack things you'll like thi", 4.0
"I've gotten this bionicle a few days ago, and I must say, as a 10 year old, I'm pretty impressed. It's mask has 2 faces, and you can switch them back and forth. It has 9 points of movement, and there is also a staff swinging feature too. Don't miss out on this thing!!", 5.0
"He is a great foe, now you could use him for Halloween, the Master of shadows. He seeks the "Mask of Light" cause he's afraid his spell on Mata Nui would fade. Since he's chest and legs can open you can attach three Kraata's in there. He carries the double bladed staff of shadows and wears the mask of shadows. enjoy this big,evil, and mean bully to your Bionicle collection", 2.0
"This toy is amazing!... Bionicle has been out for a couple of years now, but until now no one has seen what Makuta really looks like. It has great articulation, with moving elbows, hands, arms, head, and legs. It has three spaces to put kraata, and its head and mask have two heads that you can switch between. It comes with the konohi mask of shadows and a  double bladed scythe. Turn the knob on its back and it swings the scythe back and forth. Buy it", 4.0
"I have one word for this toy, awesome. It's the favorite evil villian of the bionicle chronicles, and even if you aren't a bionicle fan, you're just going to love this toy. it has all this cool onyx armor and this dual bladed sword. So just buy IT", 5.0
"My two year old triplets LOVE this sorting and matching game!  There are lots of different donuts and plenty of frosting pieces to share (a must in a house of multiple children).  A great and educational game for young children.  I feel like my girls are learning some great skills from this game!", 5.0
"The K'nex are the modern day Lincoln logs and erector sets.  This product gives the kids a chance to use their imaginations and use of hands to actually build something and then play with it.  It is a good mix to the electronic toys that just entertain them (and doesn't take any batteries)", 5.0
"my 3yo dd got this from Santa for Christmas, and she LOVES it!  I hear "let's do puzzles, Mama!" at least 3x/day -- the floor puzzles were definitely a hit w/our kids", 4.0
"I love the Melissa and Doug stuff -- well made, colorful toys are always welcome in my house.", 4.0
"This puzzle is perfect for wee ones who can manipulate floor puzzles and like castles and princesses and the like.", 5.0
"However -- be aware that this is actually a 24-piece puzzle, not a 48-piece puzzle.  We have two of these, purchased hundreds of miles apart, and both have 24 pieces, instead of the 48 listed on both boxes", 4.0
"Purchased this for my grandchildren and they love putting it together.  Even the 3yr old boy loves it too.  Great puzzle to get", 5.0
"I put this togehter with my 6 and 3 year old girls.  We had fun putting it together and telling stories using the puzzle as a background.  We love it.", 5.0
"I'm always looking for activities that we can do together.  My daughter loves castles and princesses, so she's interested from the start.  We talk about how to look for clues as to how the pieces go together.  It has big pieces that are easy for small hands to handle.  I'm only giving 4 stars because it's not usually her pick.  It's our pick, and then she joins in the fun", 5.0
"I like the idea of it being large and being placed on the floor.  A child spends most of his/her time on the floor and a puzzle that appeals to her can stimulate her imagination with each piece.", 5.0
"Thank", 4.0
"I bought this for my husband whom is a Star Wars fan.  He enjoyed putting it together and keeping it on display for a few days.  My kids also enjoy the challenge of putting it together with dad", 5.0
"I am 18 and recieved this set for Christmas.. Believe me.. this is not a fragile toy if built correctly.. although i don't really approve of the way The Lego Company decided to attach the forward and rear 'round' segments.", 5.0
"As for landing gear, yes, they are fragile indeed. but if you have big hands like I do, you should have NO problem getting them back on. All I do is hold the whole bottom of the ship, with the grey section (IMO:  the center weight) in the bottom of my palm.", 5.0
"It took me all of an hour to get this thing built and displayed. I like this one so much more then the original that Lego released. The escape pod is more... realistic? Occupants are not going to die of oxygen starvation.", 5.0
"It has a lot more parts then the original. I think it's cool the way that if done correctly, you can effectivly take the whole ship and split it in two.. and if you have jedi minifigures.. you can use the space in the assembly above the boarding ramp ( the grey 6x4 plate comes off to reveal a space just big enough for 3 or 4 lightsabers)", 4.0
"I love this set", 5.0
"I am a 7-year-old.  I love legos and I love Star Wars and I was really excited about this. But then when I was done, it was very very weak.  So I put it on my mom's shelf and every time I picked it up it got weak again.  So we took it all apart and built it again, but that time I ended up screaming and crying because part of the bottom wasn't strong enough and the front things began to break apart, so it cracked in half and I gave up.  But I'm going to try to build it again because I want to glue it", 5.0
"Hi,", 5.0
"I am 7 years old.  This was pretty easy to put together, but VERY hard to keep together.  It breaks if I try to pick it up even if I'm being really careful.  I think I will glue this stinkin' thing", 1.0
"I think this is the best lego set in your toy store thank you", 4.0
"My son and I worked on this think for a few minutes a day for 9 days.  After dealing with countless breakages due to a design flaw (the foundation cannot support the weight fore and aft), we finished.  As I picked it up show the Falcon to my son, it fell into three pieces.  I tried to repair it and more pieces fell off.  The more I tried to repair it, the more it kept falling apart.  I am convinced that without the use of model glue, it will never stay together long enough to snap a picture of the completed project.  How a child is supposed to play with this is beyond me.  It would cause far less trauma (and a lot less money) if you would go and buy your child an equivalent number of Legos and let them use their imagination.", 5.0
"We've been loyal Lego purchasers for 12 years now.  I will think long and hard before I purchase another set like this one.", 4.0
"Do yourself a favor.  Don't buy this product", 4.0
"This lego set is so much fun. I love it. It is very fun to build. I'm a seven year old, and my dad helped me build this. This is a very big lego, so that means that THIS IS NOT A TOY!", 2.0
"We have been building Lego sets with our children for over ten years.  There isn't a Birthday or Holiday that goes by that doesn't include a Lego set...big or small.  That said, the Star Wars Millenium Falcon has been the most challenging and fun to build to date (the Lego Castle of Morcia a close second).  Construction of this 985 piece set was time consuming (about eight hours), but once completed has also been the most fun to play with.   The Millennium Falcon's "roof" opens exposing control panels, an escape pod, turret, cockpit, and more.  The set also includes Han Solo, Princess Leia, C3PO, and a Storm Trooper.  This set is a perfect companion to the Tie Fighter (which comes with Darth Vader).  I rated this product a 4 for durability not because the Legos themselves are problematic, but becuase when the Millenium Falcon is complete it is somewhat fragile.", 5.0
"If you love trivia and James Bond  films, this DVD game is for you", 5.0
"Note this game was done before Daniel Craig became the new Bond. So I guess you are stuck with just the five Bond that were already out there.", 1.0
"This DVD game is a hard trivia game even for the truest  Bond film fans. It is a game you do not need the board for, you can just play it with the DVD. It is great for just one or  a group. . You know before you watch a Bond film with a friend, a round of scene it would be a great bit of enjoyment . This game is good for 8 to 89", 5.0
" This game is FUN, JUST TOTALLY  FUN", 4.0
"Bennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORL", 5.0
"The game is addicting!  Read the instructions right away and played several games through the night.  You can play the card game by itself or use it with DaVinci's board game.  You need to get this card game. . .get two sets and leave one in the glove compartment of your car.  For those spur of the moment get togethers.", 1.0
"If you liked the book and loved the movie as I did. . .Start your "ALL THINGS DaVinci Collection with this game", 1.0
"There are many "versions" available for the Anakin Skywalker Ep 3/Luke Skywalker Ep 4 & 5 Force Fx light saber.  This version, the Episode 3 saber, is one of the most elegant.  The hilt is a near-exact replica of the movie prop, only being very slightly wider and longer than the authentic hilt, to accomodate the circuitry/electronics/batteries.  As one of the "newer generation" of FX sabers, it only requires 3 AA batteries.  The sturdy polycarbonate blade is brilliant blue.  The power-up, idle hum, and clashing sounds are loud and crisp, and the total package inspires the imagination.  Alas, the hilt design and weight does not make this saber the easiest to spin, and the location of the power switch sometimes makes it prone to accidentally turning off the blade while manuevering or spinning the saber.  A minor drawback to one of the most eclectic Force FX sabers; this is the saber that transcends the trilogies, if you will, passed from the fallen Chosen One to his son, as with the hope he would be redeemed...", 5.0
"This lightsaber really does look and feel like "the real thing". It wows everyone who sees it. It's quality and realism actually match my Vader costume much better than the popular $9 saber you see everywhere. My only complaint is that the mechanism that detects the motion seems to lag quite a bit, and the sound effects often are several seconds behind your action, sometimes coming after motion has already stopped. Still, if you have $100 to spend on a really cool toy that you would have killed for when you were 8 years old, go for it!", 5.0
"This has got to be the coolest lightsaber I have ever purchased! Granted, it is my first FX saber, but not my first Master Replica. Hilt details are amazingly accurate and the blade is a lot brighter than I expected (especially for only three AA batteries). My only problem now is which one to get next; Obi-Wan (Episode III), Luke (VI), or Darth Maul (double-bladed version)..", 5.0
"I purchased the Anakin Skywalker model a couple of months ago and was VERY pleased with the item. The hilt is well-detailed, maybe too well detailed, and has the proper weight to make it feel like the real thing. The blade is very bright, and the sounds are crisp and loud. The only problem I had with the saber is the activation switch: It is located right in the center of the hilt and gets in the way very easily. You have to hold the saber just right to avoid the bulbous switch. Also, it is very easy to accidently turn it off while you're swinging it (Very Annoying). Still, I loved it anyway and you learn to handle it better almost right away.", 4.0
"I loved the Anakin model so much, I just had to get another one: It was a toss up between the Mace Windu Model or the Darth Vader Model. I chose the Dark Side. When it arrived by UPS today, I immediately wanted to grab some AA batteries to compare the two sabers. The Vader Model is just as bright as the Anakin (It IS red, not pinkish) but is noticeably lighter in weight. Also, the digital sound effects are DIFFERENT than the Anakin model (That's good), but the Vader saber is not as loud, and it also takes a moment longer to power up and power down. It should also be noted that the blue Anakin model has 4 different clashing sounds.....the red Vader model has only ONE. Again, the activation switch is right in the middle of the hilt which makes it awkward to handle at first, but you learn to cope with it. I guess that it makes them more "authentic". HOWEVER, the actual lightsaber props used in the dramatic fight sequences did NOT have activation switches in the middle of the hilts (It would be difficult to coreograph a fight scene with those switches in the way, so they were removed to give the actors nice, smooth surfaces.....you wouldn't be able to see the switches since their hands were covering up most of the hilts anyway). All in all, I am very pleased with the Vader model as well. I recommend filming yourself in a pitch-black area and then watch it on your TV. It looks cool! Are they worth the price? In my opinion.....YES, but be careful with them. THEY ARE NOT TOYS.", 5.0
"One more thing: A few of the people reviewing these items say that the sabers are louder when they chash eachother.....not true. You're simply hearing TWO clashing sounds at once which makes it SEEM louder. The sabers don't have any sensors that know specifically when another saber smacks it anyway. A strike is a strike.", 5.0
"Next step.....the Mace Windu Saber!", 5.0
"I purchased the Anakin Skywalker model a couple of months ago and was VERY pleased with the item. The hilt is well-detailed, maybe too well detailed, and has the proper weight to make it feel like the real thing. The blade is very bright, and the sounds are crisp and loud. The only problem I had with the saber is the activation switch: It is located right in the center of the hilt and gets in the way very easily. You have to hold the saber just right to avoid the bulbous switch. Also, it is very easy to accidently turn it off while you're swinging it (Very Annoying). Still, I loved it anyway and you learn to handle it better almost right away.", 5.0
"   I loved the Anakin model so much, I just had to get another one: It was a toss up between the Mace Windu Model or the Darth Vader Model. I chose the Dark Side. When it arrived by UPS today, I immediately wanted to grab some AA batteries to compare the two sabers. The Vader Model is just as bright as the Anakin (It IS red, not pinkish) but is noticeably lighter in weight. Also, the digital sound effects are DIFFERENT than the Anakin model (That's good), but the Vader saber is not as loud, and it also takes a moment longer to power up and power down. It should also be noted that the blue Anakin model has 4 different clashing sounds.....the red Vader model has only ONE. Again, the activation switch is right in the middle of the hilt which makes it awkward to handle at first, but you learn to cope with it. I guess that it makes them more "authentic". HOWEVER, the actual lightsaber props used in the dramatic fight sequences did NOT have activation switches in the middle of the hilts (It would be difficult to coreograph a fight scene with those switches in the way, so they were removed to give the actors nice, smooth surfaces.....you wouldn't be able to see the switches since their hands were covering up most of the hilts anyway). All in all, I am very pleased with the Vader model as well. I recommend filming yourself in a pitch-black area and then watch it on your TV. It looks cool! Are they worth the price? In my opinion.....YES, but be careful with them. THEY ARE NOT TOYS.", 5.0
"   One more thing: A few of the people reviewing these items say that the sabers are louder when they chash eachother.....not true. You're simply hearing TWO clashing sounds at once which makes it SEEM louder. The sabers don't have any sensors that know specifically when another saber smacks it anyway. A strike is a strike.", 5.0
"Next step.....the Mace Windu Saber", 4.0
"Ever since I first saw Luke power up his first lightsaber in Episode IV, I knew I wanted one of my very own. This replica is the closest I'll ever come, and I have to say, it's well worth my money. My brother, sister and I each have one, and we're all very pleased with them.", 5.0
"The craftmanship is remarkable on these things! They are all made of metal with some plastic and rubber and are of VERY high quality. This Anakin Skywalker replica feels very solid in my hand--it's about the same weight as Mace Windu's and slightly lighter than the single Darth Maul blade, but Anakin's feels the most comfortable in my hand (not to say the others are at all uncomfortable though). We have been dueling (carefully) with the blades lately, and they have held up surprisingly well to some fairly solid clashes. However, the manual clearly states that these are NOT designed for dueling, nor are they toys. What they are is cool as hell.", 4.0
"As a side note, the blue and red sabers shine much more vibrantly than the purple, and all of the blades look much better in low lighting conditions.", 4.0
"The hilt is very well constructed and doesn't feel flismy like some of the other FX lightsabers.  The ease of changing batteries is also a welcome change (see Anakin Skywalker blade). The tip of the blade looks cheap, as always.  At some point, MR has got to create a slightly-tapered, one piece "sheath" for the LEDs and electronics, but I'm sure that would add to the cost. The color of the blade is nice, but has the same problem the Darth Maul saber has... the red gets washed out in bright areas, while in the dark, if you look relatively closely, there are dark spots along the blade where the individual LEDs connect.  The sounds are both good and bad; the power-up/down and the idle hum are loud and more menacing than the good guy sabers. The triggered slash/clash sounds are kind of bleh... they sound good, but are extremely unpredictable (sometimes swinging it for all you're worth doesn't produce a peep, while slightly shifting your hands on the handle could trigger it several times).  This can be a problem in any of the FX line if the batteries are low or the compartment is loose, but from what MR customer service told me, this problem is more common/prevalent with the Vader blade", 4.0
"I have owned many lightsabers,but none quite like this.The Star Wars episode III Anakin Skywalker lightsaber is the complete copy of Vader's actual saber.One push of the ignition and the blade surges to life,illuminating the room and everything around you.It's a great item to fight with,too,if you are bored.I suggest buying two of them,namely the Vader and Anakin models to duel with.It's awesome", 5.0
"The Anakin Skywalker Ep. III FX Lightsaber is essential for the Star Wars collector.  The Lightsaber from the butt end of the handle to the tip of the blade is very well made.  The blade is made from very durable plastic and the handle from alumium(forgive misspelling).  Powered by AA batteries, the lifespan of one set of batteries has a impressive length.  Sound effects are great, I love the power-up and power-down feature, which is incorprated in light and sound.  Although, this patictular lightsaber was a birthday gift, I own three FX lightsabers myself.  I am impressed and satisfied with all of them.  Thank You", 1.0
"I had never played this game before I ordered it. We played for the first time at a family party where the youngest player was 9 and the oldest players were in their 70's. I wasn't sure how it would go but it turned out to be a lot of fun. The best thing was that absolutely everyone was able to play along and it was great.", 4.0
"I had this game years ago, and lost it in a move.  But I was thrilled to find it again.  I didnt really care for the deluxe version, but the game in general is a hoot.  Its great for all ages on a team, and its especially good if not everyone in the group is into games because they can blend in with the team with no pressure.  Highly recommende", 1.0
"I love this game and I hate to sing, how ironic!!!  The only bad thing is the timer allows 20 seconds only, we bought a minute timer to make the game a little longe", 5.0
"The board games came quickly and were well wrapped and in good condition when they arrived, except for one.  For some reason that individual box was dented.  It appeared to me that it was damaged before shipping, as the outer box looked fine", 4.0
"I purchased this as a gift for my brother and sister and they loved it. They are big music fans", 5.0
"This game is great in the sense that just about everyone can play!  We pretty much scrapped the rules it came with- they are written inanely and relatively useless.  Instead, we modify each game to suit the situation we're in- so that we can play it while waiting in line at Disneyland and while we're at a party.  It's a great way to "go back" to all the songs you didn't know you knew, and marvel at your friend's talents (or lack thereof) to mimic famous singers.  If you get it for nothing but the word cards, it's still totally worth it", 5.0
"Okay, these games are cheap but that does not excuse how bad they are. For Xmas my wife bought me two titles from endless games (family feud and deluxe encore).  Both are horrible.  It seems as if the people at endless games have skimped on everything possible to keep the game as cheap to produce as possible.  The instructions appear to be written by a 13 year old.", 5.0
"I would not recommend either of these to anyone and would instead spend a few extra bucks to get a game that has some thought behind it", 5.0
"We bought this game after our kid was given Scrambled States 2 (also a great game).  We loved it so much, we wanted to try this game too.  Everyone in the family loves it.  Kids, parents, grandparents -- we've all enjoyed playing it together.  We all learn from it, and don't even realize it.  We loved it so much we bought several more and gave them away as Christmas presents.", 5.0
"I originally bought this game for my classroom, but I brought it home this summer to play with my kids. I play this game all the time with my 7 year old.  It is fun for both adults and kids (who can read).  My son also has learned the states, an added bonus", 4.0
"It looks really cute, Im saving it for x-mas though.  Polly and her friends are going to love the sleigh. Pieces are small so if you have little ones be careful.  My daughter is just getting into them.  Because of the small pieces and her brother is getting older. so she can have it now good price on it and free shipping rock", 5.0
"I love the doll in this set! Lila is very pretty. I got this doll for Christmas and it still hasn't fallen apart. Did you notice if you pull on the back of the sleigh it turns into a two seater sleigh? Thanks for reading my review.~Libb", 5.0
"I have barely seen this product in wal-mart so that is why i like toys- R- us. It has all my favorite polly pocket toys because I am a girl like other girls, I am a fan of polly pockets, and because I collecct all the new ones.", 4.0
"Michael", 4.0
"A lot of people are complaining that Bumblebee is no longer a VW Bug. Hasbro has liscencing reasons why they chose not to use that car, but at the same time they could have chosen not to re-release this character as a new, highly poseable toy too, so don't complain too loudly...", 5.0
"Anyway, yes this car no longer looks like a Bug, but having said that, the original toy was a lot smaller and didn't actually look like the cartoon character either. This version of the toy is very well made and the headsculpt is nearly a perfect match for what we all saw in the original cartoons. He has door shields, just like the new Optimus, but in Bumblebees case I feel that they were better done, since Optimus's kind of flop around when you move his arms. Bumblebees do not. They lock into place and are very solidly stuck to his arms in robot mode.", 5.0
"My few complaints, and the reasons I didn't give this toy 5 stars is that instead of a fun, he comes with a silly "waverunner on a trailer." I don't know whose idea this was, but the trailer/waverunner really feel like an afterthought for the toy. More like a "gee this toy needs an accessory" type of addition than something really thought through. The quality of the plastic and paint in the wave runner is not in the same class as the quality of the Bumblebee figure and the area where it hooks onto the car just look awkward overall. Like someone else mentioned he really should have just come with a gun.", 4.0
"My second complaint is his "knees" which are formed by the two front seats inside the car. It is really great that the car has front seats as that adds an additional detail which makes the vehicle mode look great. However the flaps above the feet on my toy tend to get caught under the seats when posing, making it occasionally irratating to move the legs and making me worry I might chip the paint of the leg or the seat. Its a minor thing but it coulda been fixed by just making the seat slightly shorter.", 5.0
"All in all I am very happy with this toy, its a great addition and puts the original Bumblebee to shame", 4.0
"I'm gearing this review mostly to people who grew up with Transformers in the 1980's and would either like to relive their memories or introduce their kids to the same things they enjoyed.  If you're not familar with the original Bumblebee character or toy, then in a nutshell I'll say "Yes, it's cool, and your kids will like it!"", 5.0
"Okay, now for the old school fans...", 5.0
"As another reviewer mentions, Volkswagen will no longer allow Hasbro to produce toy molds in the likeness of their cars, because they don't want their vehicles to be thought of as "war toys".", 4.0
"When a lot of Transformers fans heard that a new Bumblebee figure was going to be released as something other than a VW Bug, they shuddered.  I was one of them.", 5.0
"However, this figure really won me over.  The car mode was so-so, I'll admit.  It's not only not a Bug, it's not any "real-life" car.  I also didn't like all the white on it because I'm used to Bumblebee being all yellow in vehicle form.  I'm also not a big fan of the trailer/wave crusher.  I don't think it adds anything because while it transforms into a jetpack, it takes 3 years to change it over to jetpac and as a trailer, doesn't seem to stay on the hitch well.", 4.0
"On the other hand, the robot form is out of this world.  This is Bumblebee how long-time fans always hoped he'd be as a toy.  He's very posable and a lot of fun.  He bends all over the place, and you can twist and flex his legs and arms into all sorts of positions.", 5.0
"Either way, I think he's a good buy, whether it be for sentimental purposes or for your kids to play with.", 5.0
"While this is not the greatest version of Bumblebee of all time (that goes to the Pretender version), this is still a nice toy.  No longer allowed to be a VW Bug due to Volkwagen refusing their cars to be "war toys", this Bumblebee is a composite of various compact/cruiser cars.  The transformation is OK, although there is no way great to sort the "kibble" of the toy, as the doors and hood sections of car mode detract from the robot mode.  As a nice touch, the vintage heat-sensitive stickers, originally to prove that a transforming robot was an actual Transformer brand toy, returns and is place exactly where it should on the robot; the chest.  If the doors are swung out of the way, Bumblebee can attach minicons onto his forearms.", 5.0
"Bumblebee does not have a weapon, but does come with a "jet pack", which transforms into a jet ski on a trailer for the car mode.  Note that one joint on the jet pack is quite stiff and one of the sides will keep falling off due to trying to convert the jet pack to its jet ski trailer mode.  You might want to take a scerwdriver to loosen it.", 5.0
"If you don't like yellow transformers, you can wait for the upcoming Cliffjumper figure which have a similar mode to Bumblebee, but will be red and released in February 2007.  Otherwise, this will definitely be a great addition to your Transformers collection", 5.0
"I bought three to give as gifts. The one I gave my daughter was defective and would not close but once Amazon replaced it (wonderful customer service) she loved it and we were able to put all of her click on Polly stuff in it. I love not leaving it all over for my 18 month old to eat", 5.0
"     My 4yr. old grand daughter loves this case!  Easy for her to use and with Polly Pocket stickers too!  Big enough to store SOME of her Polly's (nothing is big enough for ALL of them) and easy to carry to Grandma's house so that we can play together", 5.0
"This toy was on sale for $4.99.I only got a couple and wish I had ordered more.My 5 year old gets invited to lots of birthday parties,and it's a very nice gift for a young child.It can store Polly's things but also makes a fine jewelry case", 5.0
"My granddaughter is 3 and she can actually do the Pollys with the magnetic clothes. This was a great value", 5.0
"Cute addition to any polly pocket collection.  The kids loved it", 5.0
"The globe in great condition with sufficient packaging to protect our purchase.  The product came faster than expected as well", 5.0
"I would not recommend this globe.  I bought this for my 3rd grader and on the first day of using it, the equator peeled off!!  I thought of keeping it anyway but decided to deal with the hassle and plan on returning it.  It also feels too flimsy and can fall over easily", 5.0
"We bought it to help the kids learn about the world. The raised mountains, and all the detail of the cities and boundaries, are really great. It'll work for them when they get older, too, because it's so very detailed. My husband and I really enjoy looking at it. It's a great value", 5.0
"This globe is beautiful and a great learning tool, too.  It's well made and easy to read.  We love it", 5.0
"I purchased this as a birthday present for my 7 yr old granddaughter and found it to be of excellent quality.  Even the adults who saw it commented on it's detail and sturdy construction.  I was very pleased with my purchase", 5.0
"Had I paid twice as much, I wouldn't have been happier with this product.  It's much easier to use and more complete than a flat map.  It's a great value for the money", 5.0
"What a great, inexpensive globe.  It's fascinating to watch a child spin a globe - even if they don't seem like they are learning anything, at least they are getting a general idea of the immense size of our world!  Since getting this globe, my 5 year old son has learned about the continents and the oceans, found Australia on his own and pointed out that Antarctica is bigger than the USA.  It seems that the globe gets loose from it's stand somewhat easily, but it is easily tightened.  All in all, a great buy with terrific educational value", 4.0
"My 4 year old grandson loves this truck. I just wish it had a little more metal. He is going to take this outside in the spring and I hope it can take the constant hauling of outside things. It's a great truck and he can operate it easily. The timely manner in which I received it was super. I had trouble locating it in the stores so Amazon was a lifesaver. Thank", 5.0
"I was so excited to see that this was on sale, especially after seeing the picture of the baby inside the toy under the customer photos. When it arrived, I was very disappointed. The picture is clearly of the larger version of this, and it doesn't tell you that. This is actually quite small. When I ordered, there were no dimensions listed in the description, I'm not sure if they changed it. It's only about a 15 inches tall and wide.", 5.0
"Also, the toy isn't really that great. The bead thing is neat, but the sliding puzzles on the sides are pretty pointless as you can only slide them about an inch. The music drum thing is attached to a very short cord, so it's hard to use it on the xylophone. It is relatively durable though, made of nice wood, so it will probably last. But then again, my son barely plays with it, so he wont have a chance to break it anyway.", 5.0
"We have used this monitor (with dual receivers) in 2 different houses now for over 18 months.  We think the monitor is very sensitive; I can hear my son breathing if I turn up the receiver volume, and other relatively quiet noises register on the light display as well.  We love the lights as it allows us to do other things (like talk on the phone or play music) and still know if our child needs us; they are also great at night, and we usually leave the volume very low.", 5.0
"The only static issues we had were when we plugged certain types of electronics into the same outlet as the receiver it created a bad hum, and when we left our cellphones right next to the receiver it would occasionally chirp.  When plugged in there is always a low white-noise background hiss, also visible as 1 constant bar of light, that is not there when they run on batteries, but this is neither loud nor troublesome even to my normally sensitive ears unless the volume is very high.  We specifically wanted a model that would run on outlet power, but appreciate that we can occasionally unplug and take the monitor outside on battery power while we do yardwork.", 5.0
"Overall we are very pleased.  As an added bonus, the units are durable enough that we can let our toddler "discover" how they work and carry them around without worry or damage", 5.0
"We had a cheap monitor of the same type by "First Years" and thoought it great, then bought this one 10 months ago to use for my second child.  The background noise is so bad that we can't use it in anything other than a noisy room. Also, there's no warning when the battery goes so we once had my elder daughter crying for us and we had no idea - we didn't know the batteries had died.", 5.0
"Absolutely not worth any money - there are better options", 5.0
"This monitor is awful.  I suggest you completely research monitors before purchasing...I wish I did!  The static is so annoying.  It is so bad that I will turn on the monitor every few minutes to check on the baby...I won't leave in on due to the static.  Sorry to complain, but I don't want you wasting your money!!", 1.0
"I have never had one problem with this monitor.  It works great.  Occasionally (once a month) you'll hear a cb radio come over the frequency for a second, but it doesn't wake the baby or anything and it's gone as quickly as it came.  I highly recommend this monitor", 5.0
"This monitor has so much static! We would always have to move it all over our bedroom just to find a good spot. Sometimes you can hear other babies crying! When it comes through our monitor we can't tell if it is our baby or not! And then to top it off, the cord broke so we ended up having to tape it to the monitor to keep it plugged in. Otherwise it would unplug by itself and we would wake up in the morning to find that it was off! The only good thing about this product are the lights but you can find that on other ones. Don't waste your money.... keep looking", 4.0
"This monitor does not work well.  This is a lot of static and it is not sensitive to sound.  This one is going back", 1.0
"My sister in law has a gift for choosing unique toys and books for my kids, and this sushi set tops the list.  She chose this for my son's second birthday, and he loves it!  His three and a half year old brother and seven year old sister have also been playing with it a lot.  They spend so much time "making sushi," selling it to each other, and eating it.  The accessories like the knife and chopsticks are great, and the velcro for assembling the sushi is a brilliant idea.  Most kids love to play with pretend food, but pretend sushi is just so cool.  The box the set comes in is great, not only for storage but because it's so cute.  Even if you don't care for sushi, you'll love this toy and so will your kids!", 5.0
"I got this gift for my friend who was expecting because she loves sushi. It's too cute the way it comes wrapped up in a bento box. The fact that it's made of wood made it even more appealing to me since I know it would be long-lasting", 5.0
"My daughter (age 4) loves this toy--especially the fact that you can wrap the seaweed around and make different rolls.  Also, the knife is a big favorite.  Only drawback is that the felt pickled ginger keeps getting lost...", 1.0
"My hubby and I got it as a gag gift for Christmas, and love it! The kids started playing with it and really have a lot of fun with it. The chopsticks have velcro on them so that they can pick the pieces up. The ginger pieces are felt, and my daughter thinks they look like bandaids.  They make sure everything is put back and we play dinner all the time. My daughter even tried sushi last time we went out! Really cute", 2.0
"We got this in at the store I work at, and we were all enchanted!  This was the very first time any of us had seen a set of play food for young children of sushi!", 5.0
"Three kinds of sushi come with shrimp, tuna, salmon roe, and egg pieces. The proper condiments are included: ginger, wasabi, and soy sauce, and of course, chopsticks!  The round "dots" on the sushi rolls are velcro, so that you can stick the pieces together and slice through them with the play cleaver, and the velcro even gives it an almost authentic chopping sound!", 4.0
"It is just lovely to look at.  All of the pieces are solid wood, and beautifully painted.  The box is in black with details of cherry blossoms, and it has a "menu" on the back for restauraunt pretend play!", 4.0
"I plan to get one for a friend's child, but I have to admit that I'm really tempted to buy one for myself, too", 5.0
"We gave this Telescope to our 7 yr. old son for Christmas and he loves it.  In fact, he also got a Disney telescope and he likes this Optic Telescope better.", 2.0
"With the second baby coming in a couple of months, we wanted to get our 21 month old son something fun to sleep on. As soon as he saw the box, he was excited.  He begged us to open it right away and we had to put it together that night.  The assembly wasn't too hard.  He has been sleeping very well on this bed for a month now. He doesn't miss his crib at all!  We actually bought this bed from Toysrus website - it is cheaper at $ 89.99 and was delivered within two weeks.", 5.0
"I love Melissa and Doug toys, they're always well-made and always thoughtful.  They encourage learning and their pieces, made of natural material, not only hold up well but are environmentally friendly.", 4.0
"This game is a particularly nice example.  It's a classic wooden puzzle with a twist.  Each bug has a magnet on it, and the players are given a "butterfly net" with a magnet hanging from it to use to draw the pieces out of the puzzle.", 4.0
"One of our pieces did stick, but a quick rub around the edges with some sandpaper loosened it right up.  The downside of using real materials is that wood does have a tendency to warp in humidity or dryness.  That's a downside I'm willing to live with!  Excellent toy", 5.0
"My two boys, ages 2 and 4, really enjoyed this puzzle/toy.  They loved using the magnetic fishing net to pull the pieces off the board.  The only downside, like all puzzle-type toys, is you've got to keep track of all the pieces", 4.0
"Summer is the best time of year to observe insects at work--but this top notch puzzle keeps children learning about insects all year long. Fun to play with, a great learning tool, well made. My daughter got this for her fourth birthday and it has provided hours and hours of fun for her, especially since she visited the beautiful live butterfly exhibit at the zoo. Highly recommended for boys and girls alike", 5.0
"I can't say enough about these toys! They are so nicely made and feel great in your hands. Small enough to carry around and big enough for little hands. Great quality, sturdy and superior look. Collectors are buying these up like hot cakes and ebay is living proof that people are willing to shell out the cash for these. Especially for the ones that are harder to find.", 5.0
"People have written reviews on these that no stores carry them. They have been sold out because there has been a rush on these toys even before the movie release. Hopefully as time goes on and if they keep producing them they will be easier to come by. That's what I am hoping for. I don't have all the characters yet and would like at least one of each for my son, maybe even more for collecting.", 5.0
"Good luck on your search!", 5.0
"I started playing this game a couple of years ago when my aunt, uncle and parents introduced it to me.  It took some time to learn the phases, but there is a help card explaining the different phases.  Now I that I know all the rules and phases, it can be frustrating to teach a new player.  Once they get the hang of it, though, they'll have a blast.", 1.0
"The service was great, the delivery was quick, but the product was just good.  The box is a nice tin box, the card holder is high quality, but the actual cards are flimsy and won't last very long.", 1.0
"This is a wonderful game for most ages, it is fun and easy to learn. It can be played with just a couple people or a bunch (you can always add another deck for more people [which means you'll need to buy two!]). This one is great because it comes with the tin for storage and also the card holder which makes the game a little neater. I highly recommend this game to all who are looking to learn a new game or just update the old cards they have", 4.0
"I love Phase 10.  This edition comes with a handy scorepad.  It does take a little longer to play than other card games, but it's definitely a lot of fun.  My husband and I play it alot together and also in slightly larger groups.", 4.0
"My husband's family always plays Phase 10 when we get together.  It is a longer game and you get a chance to chat, eat, drink while playing the game.  We enjoy it.  We have had games stretch over a couple of days.  Doesn't take any real talent, just a fun game to play with a group", 4.0
"I've only played with two players, so I can't comment on how it plays for 3+ players. However, it's hard to find games for two players, and this one is a great catch. Like rummy, there is not a lot of skill or strategy involved. You either get the cards or you don't. Nonetheless, it's a great game", 5.0
"This product is extremely durable and fun.  I bought it for my younger brother, but I actually had fun playing with it for a while!  (I'm 21!", 5.0
"Great for the little artist in the family.  Also great to use while traveling to learn letter, shapes, and numbers. Hours of entertainment and children love that Lighting's wheels draw too", 5.0
"My 3 year old son loves this toy. It's been almost a month since Christmas and this is still his favorite gift. The stencils are a little hard to see while you're using it and can be frustrating, but it's a good toy none the less. Careful to put the Lightning McQueen Back on its peg, otherwise it's easily lost.", 5.0
"This version of an old fashioned doodle board exceeded my expectations. I purchased it impulsively because our two year old grandson loves both the movie "Cars" and drawing.  However,the doodle pad was larger in size than I expected and made an impressive gift presentation.  The larger size also makes it easier for him to draw on than he can on smaller doodle pads.   The "Cars" movie graphics surrounding it are really cute, and the stylus is also a "Cars" character.  It arrived on my doorstep the second day after ordering - regular shipping - in perfect shape.  All in all, I think this was my two year old grandson's favorite Christmas gift - certainly it was "a hit" with him", 5.0
"We purchased one of these for each of our two grandsons (ages 3 & 4) for Christmas.  They both spent hours that day doodling, and even their dads had fun drawing with the stencils included!  A great toy with no messy cleanup", 5.0
"Young children are fascinated by this product. An enormously great improvement over the similar product I used as a child 60 years ago. This item has stencils, a small car to make tracks, and is easily erased", 4.0
"Bought this for my 3 year old cousin.  He opened a few other gifts too, but this was the only one he played with that night.  He didn't use the template, though his 9 year old sister picked it up and had enough coordination to use the tracing template.  Maybe after he plays with it a while he will try the template.  but mostly he just "drove" the car on the screen to draw, not to mention driving the car all over the living room floor as well", 4.0
"Our 5-year-old son had a school bus magna doodle that he just used and abused. It was on its last legs so we put this on his birthday list and he got it. He loves the Lightning McQueen car and the tracing stencils. The frame is very solid. There's a post to keep the car on the board but I wish there had been some place to put the stencils too. They keep getting separated.", 4.0
"A good choice for kids who like doodle pros and Cars", 5.0
"This magnetic drawing board is so nice.  It is the same quality you would get from Doodle Pro, but it comes with a magnetic Lightning McQueen that makes tracks along the screen as you drag him.  Which makes it even better than the regular Doodle Pro.  It also has two stencils that you can put over the screen and draw pictures of Mater and Lightning McQueen.  The eraser bar is Mater.  Oh, it also has a carrying handle, so that your kids can carry it around without dropping it, hopefully.  Great item, my kids love it.", 4.0
"There was a review before that stated that this item is not available to her after waiting for a few months.  However, I just received mine from Amazon.  I'm not sure what she is talking about and she shouldn't give a negative review on a product that she hasn't even gotten.  It's not fair to Doodle Pro.  Disregard this review.  It's not accurate to the product quality at all", 5.0
"I bought this for my almost three year old daughter that already knows her shapes, colors, and all her letters.  This will be a good reinforcer for those skills and I like the handle for portability.  The only downside to this laptop is the tiny led screen.  Too bad these toys can't be made with a better screen.  The tiny square in the middle of the barbie picture is really ridiculous.  I would rate this a five if it werent for the tiny screen", 5.0
"This was a Christmas peresent for my grandson.  The car worked one time and then would no longer go.  It still made the vrooom noise, but would not perform as advertised.  The price of the car was not worth haggling over for a new one, but I would definitely discourage the purchase of this product", 5.0
"I purchased this Car for My 4 year old son. When the car is shaken it makes real engine reving sounds, it allows enough time for little children to put the car down on the floor before it takes off. It can go very far. It works much better on a hard surface than on the carpet. We created some ramps out of cardboard for the car to jump, it actually gets up enough speed to jump the ramps. This is a fun car. I would say the only draw back is that little kids won't shake the car long enough for it to go very far. When my Husband and I shake it we can get the car to go a great distance further than our kids.", 5.0
"Brought it for my nephew, he's 2, for Christmas this year. According to my sister, he was thrilled when he set it on the floor and it took off, with him running after it. Good exercise for him.", 5.0
"However, my sister was startled when she received the package and heard a vibrating, zooming sound. She didn't know what was in it so she opened it before Christmas and my nephew was so happy he started playing with it.", 5.0
"Why don't they package them without the battery inside the toy or have it turned off?", 5.0
"It was suppose to be a surprise", 5.0
"This car has been a great purchase. I bought it for my one year old. The reason being was that I was tired of having to wind up toys to make them go and/or drive them backwards so they would go forwards on their own. This car is awesome because even little kids can make it go by themselves. Literally you just shake it and it revs up. The more you shake it the faster/farther it goes. It will go a really long way.", 5.0
"I have ratings of toys based on the required parental invovlement. Toys that require two hands of a parent are not my favorite and are only used at certain times. This is a zero hand toy for the parents - the best kind. :)", 5.0
"I can see him enjoying this car for a few years", 5.0
"I got this car for my 2 years old nephew, he loves it, the colors are bright, the noise its makes and the movemens", 5.0
"thank yo", 5.0
"These cars are so much fun!  Just as the name says, you just shake it up and it goes.  My son has several of these and they all have slightly different reactions.  Some are faster than others.", 5.0
"They work best on a hard surface - Cement, hardwood floors, tile.  They go pretty slow on carpet.", 5.0
"The cars are very durable.  One of my son's favorite games is to launch them off the deck and see if he can get it to land on the grass below.  If the weather isn't nice, he likes to send them racing down the stairs.  So far, nothing has broken and its been over six months.", 5.0
"These cars are easy for my daughter (who is only two) to play with too.  The kids love shaking with the cars and racing to see who's car goes the farthest", 5.0
"These shake and go cras are lots of fun. You simply shake and depending how much or how little force is used will determine how far these guys go. Using the on off button while not in use seems to lengthen the life of the batteries as we have still not replaced them after months of use. The amusement value is even greater when these cars are used with multiple children( or adults) as they can be raced. Change the dynamics of fun when you take them outside as they tumble and bounce back on all different types of terrain as we just recently discovered. Overall this is a cute fun little toy. I might be stretching but Ihink there is some educational value in this car as the child must learn that the more force they epend when shaking the further the car will go, kinda like physics? So all in all a cool little toy reasonably priced", 5.0
"I Love this little car, I bought it for my little cousin and he absolutely adores it! It works like magic, you just shake it and it runs, kids seem to like it", 5.0
"My son is 18 months and he loves the car! He was having trouble with other cars that he has with the buttons but, with this he shakes it and it goes!! These arent cheap nor little! Good value!! Excellent!", 5.0
"Fisher Price doesn't not make a bad toy, some are better than others, but overall they are very durable, and interesting. This is a hit with the 2-3 year old range, and it is constructed well. My 20 month old loves it", 5.0
"This is a great product.  Getting my 9 year old son to study his math facts is not such a struggle anymore.  The Math Shark with its sounds, levels, and timed challenges makes it more fun for him to learn math.", 4.0
"Math Shark's low resolution screen discourages kids from using it. Compared to any other game I rate the screen for Math Shark the worst", 4.0
"I bought this for my nine year old who thought she knew her facts, but couldn't do her tests on them fast enough.  One can tell the Shark exactly what skill to test (for example, subtracting "3" from all the one digit numbers in random order). It sets the ten questions (each one is either in vertical or horizontal format - one can't specify that), and provides immediate feedback as the child enters each answer.  It asks any incorrrect questions again.  Once all the questions have been answered correctly, it provides the time, for example, 43.3 seconds.", 5.0
"My daughter enjoys seeing her time get better each time she repeats a skill.  We have an agreement that she does 5 sets each day (total 50 problems).  She usually does 3 sets on the same skill, and each time gets faster.  Then she reviews two other skills she's already mastered.", 4.0
"My only complaint is the display screen can be hard to see, especially from the side (so I can't tell what problems she gets wrong, sitting beside her).  Sometimes she'll get a problem wrong because she thinks a number is something else.  I think the problem might be when the LED is right next to the edge of the screen, it can be in shadow or something.", 1.0
"You can turn off the sound (which isn't all that loud anyway).  I really like how specific you can be in setting the level of challenge.  This is a valuable tool for drilling math  and getting immediate feedback.", 4.0
"Our 6 yr old is enjoying this product. She needs help with getting quicker at drilling addition and subtraction and this is helping.  She likes when the green light lights up to tell her she is correct.  The levels are very good since my niece (8 yrs), nephew (10 yrs) and the adults have all tried it.  If it's durable enough, it should last her for years as she gets to multiplication etc.  She doesn't think it's FUN though - it's just something to do when she is bored.  For this reason we keep it in the van.  Our plan is working though because she climbs into her seat and immediately turns it on.  We had it in our home for awhile but there were too many other FUN things to do besides Math!   If your child enjoys challenging math facts, they will think it's fun though - our 8 yr old niece did and so do myself and my husband", 5.0
"I'M A COLLEGE STUDENT IN MY EARLY THIRTIES WHO IS HAVING PROBLEMS WITH PRE-ALGEBRA. I JUST RECEIVED MY MATH SHARK TODAY AND ALTHOUGH I HAVE NOT REALLY GIVEN IT A CHANCE, SO FAR I HAVE DISCOVERED THAT IT IS NOT VERY  CHALLENGING FOR ADULTS, BUT SHOULD BE A WONDERFUL PRACTICE TOOL FOR YOUNGER  KIDS AND TEENAGERS. I DO RECOMMEND THE MATH SHARK TO KIDDIES WHO ARE HAVING  PROBLEMS WITH BASIC MATH SKILLS", 4.0
"I am a college student who seems to have gotten by so far without the ability to manage numbers at all. Finally disgusted with myself and needing basic numeracy for jobs and school, I found this toy on sale one day. It allowed me to learn, then practice basic number skills, and teaches all the  day-to-day math people need. I still remain shocked and horrified that I  got through life thus far without knowing how to do things like calculate  percentages in my head etc. but I am glad I decided to learn. I have a  friend who is a math teacher and my scores on this toy were actually BETTER  than hers, because she needed to rely on pen and paper whereas I was doing  it in my head through this method. Only flaw---I wish it had the ability to  save high scores, as it is now you must track it yourself...and a headphone  plug would be nice. Otherwise though I really recommend this", 5.0
"Math Shark is fun to play because it helps you learn math. Math Shark is educational and is for kids of all age", 5.0
"I BOUGHT TWO PINK POWER RACERS. AND ONE OF THEM THE BATTRY WAS BROKE UPON ARRIVAL. I CALLED SEVERAL TIMES AND WAS SUPPOSE TO GET A REPLACEMENT. BUT HAVE NEVER GOT IT. THEN I ASKED FOR RETURN SLIPS AND NEVER GOT THEM.  SO YOU SEE MY DAUGHTERS HAVE NEVER GOT TO RIDE THEM AND I BOUGHT THEM FOR CHRISTMAS. I FEEL LIKE THIS IS NOT FAIR TO MY CHILDREN. SO IF YOU ARE A GOOD COMPANY AND STAND BEHIND YOUR PRODUCTS. PLEASE SEND US A NEW BATTERY FOR A PINK POWER RACER STEP 2. THANKS A LOT", 5.0
"We bought this for my daughter for her 2nd birthday.  It is the best 6 volt ride-on toy I found. I did a lot of research and most of the little ride-on for 2-3 year old's were either too small(her knee's hit the handlebars and she is very petite), too slow (they wouldn't go in the grass or up any slopes also only 2 mph).  This one is the perfect size for a 2 year old and I think she will fit on it for a couple of more years.  It say's up to age 5 or 6 and up to 50lb's.  We were going to get her a barbie jeep but they were just too big for her she couldn't even reach the peddal's.", 5.0
"The Pro's:", 4.0
"-Great size for 2-4 year old's", 5.0
"-Great speed 3.5mph (Fast enough you need a little helmet if riding on cement)", 5.0
"-Light enough (you can pick it up with one hand to put it back in the garage)", 5.0
"-Cute color for little girl pink & purple", 4.0
"-Very durable", 5.0
"-Battery stay's charged forever. (We only have charged it the first time and she has rode it for about 3 hours and 29 day's later it is still going strong)", 4.0
"-Goes on our grass and small rock area fine (sometime's we have to give it just a little nudge to keep it going in these areas)", 5.0
"-Good price $99 from Sear's with free shipping at the time.", 1.0
"The Con's:", 5.0
"-Doesn't have adjustmeant's for speed so it could go a little slower when they are just learning.", 5.0
"-Doesn't have a reverse.", 5.0
"-Battery is located under the seat with only velcro holding it together. (although my daughter hasn't yet figured it out)", 5.0
"-You can't take the battery out to charge it like on your counter, you have to hook up the charger to the bike.", 5.0
"-Steering isn't all that great, can't make sharp turns.  (fine if you have a large area for them to ride)", 5.0
"-Assembly took longer then the 10 minutes for me. You need someone with muscle to hammer in the last bolt. About 30 minutes for me and then I had to wait untill my hubby came home to hammer the bolt.", 5.0
"All in all I would recommend it. [...] Carly", 5.0
"I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old, she really loves riding it.  It is a good size for her and she can control it suprisingly well.  It has alot of power when fully charged, I can even get on the back and she rides me up and down the driveway.  The only thing is it does not have a reverse", 4.0
"Just got this one for my 3 year old little girl, she kept asking for one. We let her choose her own helmet and knee pads set (just in case). She sat on it and put her foot on the pedal and off she went(unfortunately without me telling her to get her foot of the pedal to stop) it was in the foyer so no harm done, she just slam in to the wall. she was a bit scared after that but I explained to her that is stears where she wants it to go and if she wants to stop she just has to take her foot off the pedal. She really likes it now. The lesson is when you introduce a new toy make sure the child knows how to use it and what to expect before letting her sit and try it out. The price is pretty fair, we have other step 2 toys and I think they are made to last", 5.0
"This was a gift for my Daughter's 2nd birthday and she enjoys it.  I love to see her riding her own little battery operated toy that she is in control of.  When she rides it her face lights up and glows.  We haven't had any problems out of this little rider and continue to let others know about the great experinces we have had with it", 1.0
"My daughter is 2 years old and at first I thought it would be too big for her only to find out she was able to ride it with no problems.  I also thought it would be too fast for her since it was her first battery operated ride-on.  But she proved me wrong.  It's like a treat to her.  when her dad comes home from work he allows her to ride it down a couple of blocks with him following quickly beside her.  The only thing he suggested is a helmet for safety procaution.  But she really seems to enjoy it and we get a kick watching her ride it.  It came pretty much assembled which was really nice to avoid the fustration of putting such a large item together.  I'm very happy I made the choice to buy one and I do strongly recommend it to my other family members", 4.0
"My son LOVES the Backyardigans and we've now begin to collect all five stuffed animals from Ty (he began with Tasha since he loves hippos!).", 4.0
"Tasha is a girlish yellow hippo with a flair for the dramatic. She often plays Lady Tasha of the Manor or a Volcano Princess! Well-stitched and adorable, the Ty version of Tasha has her wearing a non-removable dark orange dress with a flower motif--as well as fabric shoes (also non-removable.)", 4.0
"From a distance, the Ty Backyardigans may look like they're made of rough, itchy fabric--but they are not. The fabric is soft and smooth--somewhat like chenille.", 1.0
"If your child loves the Backyardigans, enjoys fantasy play (like tea parties or role playing), or perhaps needs a friend to keep him/her company at bedtime--Tasha would make a wonderful present", 5.0
"High quality, good size, well priced.  Perfect for a collection of the characters from the show for a kid who loves them all", 5.0
"Adorable little beanie baby of my daughters fav Backyardigans character.  Ishie can take Tasha where ever she goes", 4.0
"This was for my little grandaughter - who had never watched the Backyardigans. I gave her Tasha and she just loved her. She is now watching the show faithfully. My grandaughter loves to dance so we can always see her dancing with Tasha during the shows", 1.0
"We recieved this as a gift after we already had the Ocean Wonders aquarium.  I wasn't going to keep it at first, but I am glad I did.  I like everything about this better than the Ocean Wonders - music, lights, motion.  My daughter especially loves the projection on the ceiling.", 4.0
"This is the 2nd V Tech nature Light toy we have purchased. My daughter learned at about 6 months to turn the toy on herself so it got worn down pretty quickly. It's great because she can just push a button and turn it on at anytime throughout the night. Alot of times she will wake up in the morning and lounge in her bed watching for awhile. She loves it", 5.0
"I'm on my second Soothe & Surprise Nature Light because the first one squeaked so loudly.  Amazon replaced it quickly but the moving parts on the second one also started squeaking.  At first it was quiet and I decided I'd just live with it, but the noise gradually got louder and louder.  It was too late to return to Amazon so I contacted V-Tech by e-mail and followed their troubleshooting instructions.  When that didn't work, I called them.  The only way they will replace it is if I send back mine first.  Since I can't get my baby to sleep at night without it (despite the noise) I really need the replacement first.  They were not willing to bend on this policy even when I offered to give my credit card number so they could bill me if they didn't receive the replacement back.  I guess I'll just keep it and hope my baby continues to enjoy listening to squeaking!", 4.0
"Despite all that, I do like the toy.  My baby didn't take to it instantly though.  It does start to act flaky when the batteries start getting weak, so check that first if you're having problems with it.  But I can't recommend it to others having had two now that squeak so loudly.", 5.0
"This was bought for our son when he was 6 months old by a friend who swore by crib soothers.  I would not have bought it on my own but thought we would give it a chance.  It is amazing.  Our son loves it!  We take it on vacation and it helps with the transition.  It has been used every night for a year and it hasnt broke.  The batteries need to be changed about once a week and it acts broken when it needs new ones, so make sure to check that before you assume it is broken.", 5.0
"Pros:", 1.0
"It has a good variety of songs and sounds", 5.0
"It is cute", 5.0
"Good volume adjustment", 5.0
"Can change to go off after 3,5 or 10 minutes", 5.0
"easy for baby to operate", 4.0
"Helps babies relax and get to sleep", 4.0
"Cons:", 5.0
"Goes through batteries quickly", 2.0
"Says "I love you" and it seems creep", 1.0
"The descriptions don't mention the creepy voice that says "It's lullabye time" before it launches into an seriously off-key rendition of Twinkle Twinkle Firefly (huh? was there a copyright problem with using "little star"?) You can press the moon button to skip the first song, so I didn't have too much trouble with this- most of the songs after the first are mercifully without vocals. Later on this same Robo-Mom also says "I love you", which is seriously spooky. Aside from this, the "amazing 3-D ceiling light" is really more of a rotating circular slide projection of some cartoon animals, and the bee-and- LED light show on the actual toy looks really old-fashioned. The nature sounds are ok, but I am pretty sure one of the sounds is "plank of wood tapping against another plank of wood".", 1.0
"Even with all of this, I was still willing to strap it to my son's crib and see how he liked it- and within the first five minutes the projector light flickered on and off, and the Robo-Mom got stuck and kept saying "It's lullabye time" over and over.", 1.0
"My baby looks for his nature light as soon as I lay him down.  He then looks at the ceiling  for the image.  I often hear him talking to himself in the night and hear the music of his light which eventually entices him back to sleep.  A couple of things.  It goes through batteries fast.  I also had a hard time attaching it to his crib.  He has a convertable crib that converts to a toddler, then full bed.  I would recommend this product to anyone with a little one", 5.0
"I picked one up from a local Target today along with a General Grievous Starfighter and Droid Battle Pack, both of which I've also written reviews on. I'm lovin it.", 5.0
"This set comes with 4 clone trooper MiniFigs, 2 white, one red, and one yellow. The markings are pretty nice. There are only 2 blasters and a set of binoculars for the four clones, but blasters on the speeder andgun turret that you can take off if you need extra. The blasters are new, shaped like a normal clone trooper blaster and nicely detailed.", 1.0
"The speeder is cool. It seats two clones,a driver and a gunner. The turret really isn't anything special. The gun isn't that movable, but it's larger than the other blasters and looks cool for a clone scout. I would have swapped the turret for another clone MiniFig and blaster, butthat's just me.", 5.0
"Basically, you get 4 clone troopers, a mediocre gun turret, and a nive speeder for just $10! It's great for building a clone army since it's so cheap, and it's really cool if you already have a Clone Turbo Tank or Republic gunship. Pick a few of these up, you won't regret it", 5.0
"Edward is an older engine who is extremely kind to everyone. He is even kind to the small engines when they get into difficulties, as well as the big engines even when they are rude or impatient.", 4.0
"Although Edward is the same blue color as Thomas (#1) and Gordon (#4), #2 Edward is a staple on the Island of Sodor--making it into almost every episode and Thomas the Tank Engine book.", 5.0
"Edward comes in two parts, held together by a strong magnet, and is very sturdy. My son has had his for years, and it still looks good as new! (Despite HOURS of playing).", 4.0
"Although he isn't colorful, he's a reliable fixture on the Island of Sodor", 5.0
"I know Edward is old and my train sure is but he can still pull trains likje the big engines. His magnet is in perfect working order and he can pull a couple coaches without trouble at all. A cool thing about Edward and all the other tender engines is that little kids love to take the tender on and off. I thinks it's so funny when they do that. Edward really works well and he's capable of hours of enjoyment at a time", 4.0
"This is a great toy that all the kids I know just love to play with!  It's always enjoyable to play with trains, especially ones with familiar faces.  Also, this toy is very durable", 5.0
"Edward the Blue Engine is a well-built toy that can stand up to demanding play.  My son recently received Edward as a bonus item included with a Thomas video and he loves it.  The attention to detail is excellent, and the strong wooden construction will assure many hours of enjoyable play.  Edward's bright smile will also make playtime a happy time", 4.0
"My two year loves this as he does all of the Thomas characters", 5.0
"I noticed the numbers on all the engines so I bought this one so I could make it so my son could count the engines from1-10.  This is number 2.  Only the coal cars are marked", 5.0
"Very good set of figurines, excellent for a birthday cake (which is what we used them for*), perfect size, all-inclusive (nearly every character in the movie is in the box. The only problem I had with this set is they were not painted very well (appeared to be hand-painted very quickly). But then, what do you expect anymore from imported mass-produced products?", 4.0
"*The typical birthday cake for the Incredibles that is available only includes a silly little Dash/Mr Incredible toy. My daughter likes ALL the Supers, especially Frozone and Violet, so why leave them out? That was my reason for buying this item! :", 5.0
"When I got this stable for my birthday,I just loved it.The doors and windows are perfect and it is very stable.I have to say it was hard to put together but it was worth it.If I were you I would listen to the good reviews and not the bad", 5.0
"I thouught it was a little pricey for what I got, but my grand daughter loved it so it was worth it to see the smile on her face. She loves any thing to do with horses. RS", 4.0
"I bought this stable set for my niece who is 4. It was a less expensive alternative to those larger Breyer horses. She really liked it and moving the horses in and out of the stable, jumping stuff, etc. A nice little set for a decent price", 4.0
"My daughter really loves horses.  She seems to be spending a lot of time with her stable set.  SInce she is unable to buy a real horse or live on a farm this is the next best thing", 4.0
"my daughter received this for christmas two year ago. the pieces pop apart easily and the plastic becomes warped with continued use. the barn doors lost their "nubs" to stay attached within about 2 weeks. not for frequent use! now shopping for a more durable model", 5.0
" Breyer SM's and TD's are NOT FOR PLAY unless ur VERY gentle and are a very delicate NON ROUGH person (If ya do play with them when ur little.. later on they will have to be sold as bodies if ya want to sell them (Pleaseee take this advice into consideration! Bealive me, i have gone through this.. once i foudn out my lil play colelction was pretty much worthless it broke my heart.. I am now 13 and used to play with them all when i was 7 or so.. but really if u r planning on selling please think about this! If not just have fun ;)!! Just wanted to give ya a BIG HELPFUL tip! I REALLLLY wish i wouldve know this...) They are to collect and show and have lots of fun with.. Just a thought.. but umm sm's and a 5 yr old don't mix.. try the ponies next time ;) They are more durable yet not real collectible and very cheap!! GREAT for kids! Also pp's and cl's mite be a choice.. sm's r really delicate and could easily break (but i absolutley luv em (Paso's rock) lol).  Poinies are also fun cuz u can brush theyre mane and tail (Great, younger children love it!).  Then when the learn the aspects of  breyer and how easily they can break and how delicate they are then move em on to classic or mayeb pp's then TD's and SM's!!  Hope this helps y'all~~ Thx have  fun collectin it is the Best!! Don't stop, come to BF this yr! It's a Blast! Unforgettable!!~ Thanks~*~*", 5.0
"~ALL BREYER COLECTORS, COLLECT FOREVA~! Get Breyer's back in the United States!! plz!! Thx,", 1.0
"~T*E*C*~", 5.0
"This a totally fun toy, it is so much fun to play with abd pretend that you have your own stable. It is very durable although the horses legs are easliy bent, It is a very educational toy becasue it teaches you what you need to have happy and healthy horses", 5.0
"This is a very frustrating doll. Does not recognize commands and is very difficult to start over or even to turn off. My 5 year old picks this doll up and always ends up throwing it down in frustration. It's too bad this was marketed for I'm sure it must have surely still been in the testing stages! This doll was a good idea but has ended up costing a lot of hard earned money to go to waste", 5.0
"My daughter saved up birthday & holiday money to buy this doll.  She has it "programmed", but hates it because it does not recognize her voice responses.  She tries to play with the doll, but always winds up in tears of frustration and anger.  She now uses Allyen's accessories to play with her more simple dolls.  Yes, simple dolls.  You know - the dolls that allow little girls to use their imagination during play.  I just can't believe this doll cost SO much and is SUCH A WASTE OF MONEY!", 4.0
"We bought the 'Amazing Allysen' doll for our 7 year old.  Unfortunately, Allysen is more aggravating than amazing.  She's a pretty doll, but we had a lot of difficulty "programming" her.  You have to squeeze her hand to set the date, time, etc.  No problem, right?  Wrong.  Her hand was so hard to squeeze, my daughter couldn't do it, so I tried to help her.  Long before Allysen was fully programmed, I had to hand her to my husband.  He was a little more sucessful and we now have her programmed.  The other complaint I have is difficulty in communicating answers to Allysen.  She doesn't seem to hear well--I know she's a doll, but the commercials showed a far more advanced Allysen than we received.  She'll ask my daughter what she wants to do next and give her 2 or 3 choices--but she doesn't always understand the answer, even if it's repeated several times CLEARLY.  My daughter has played with her maybe 3 times since Christmas.  She says it's just too irritating.  That's why I'm giving 'Aggravating Allysen' 2 stars.", 5.0
"I read some of the negative reviews of Amazing Allysen, but chose to ignore them. I should have listened! Right after we got the doll out of the box, big clumps of her hair fell out. Her face looks very different from the beautiful picture advertised. After we programmed her, she kept getting confused and responding incorrectly to our requests. We were very disappointed in the doll and decided to send it back.", 5.0
"This doll is very difficult to program. The child (or adult)must speak very loudly to be recognized by the doll. It repeats the same phrases over and over", 4.0
"Again it is a fun toy to use and it works nicely it has awsome durablety. Finily in close it really works you can realy talk under water and under stand what the other person is saying", 5.0
"I love playing this game. I had it once before about 20 years ago, but I lost it. I am so happy to have it back. It's the type of game that makes you think. Chose your opponent wisely for a challenging game", 5.0
"This just might be one of the coolest games out there.  Sure, the box itself might make this game look SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO boring, but once you actually play the game it's like FOOSH and you're in a different world. I mean this is AWESOME. It's also really durable as I've had it for about a year now and only the box has a slight tweak and that's all.", 5.0
"Although this "for ages 8 and up" which is SO lame, I think it should be for kids of all ages. Why? Because it is so easy to learn. It only took me like 2 minutes to learn it well and I am 9 years old.", 1.0
"Anyway, I STRONGLY suggest you buy this game for your kids or anybody who really likes strategy stuff.", 4.0
"'Later...", 5.0
"between chess and checkers,othello finds it's place in developing strategies.It takes a while to predict the game who can always change until the last piece is on the board.My eight years old girl like it .", 4.0
"A good and fun buy...enjoy", 5.0
"The game was in great shape when I recieved it. I love playing it and I am glad that I ordered it", 4.0
"This game is simple to learn yet still challenging enough to keep it interesting.  We have an only child in the household (8 years old) who loves to play games and we are challenged to find games that are interesting enough for the adults yet not too complicated for him.  This is it!  The whole family loves it", 5.0
"This is a great game for ages 7 and up.  Very simple to learn, it takes just a few minutes.  Just "book end" your opponent's pieces and flip them to your color.  The player with the most pieces at the end wins.  Sounds easy enough.  It's strategy", 1.0
"I was happy to give my 9 year old cousin a game to exercise her brain rather than a Barbie or a video game.", 5.0
"She learned the rules in the first 5 minutes of the first game, with just a few snags (had trouble understanding that the discs must be placed contigously.  also occasional trouble understanding that discs cannot be flipped if they are surrounded by an opponent's disc by an indirect move). But the point is, she was able to play right away, and will eventually gain skills at strategy.  her dad is teaching her to play chess now, which is all about strategy but is harder.  Othello is a good game to be playing at the same age while learning chess, because it's easier but exercises the same parts of the brain for strategy and thinking ahead.", 4.0
"Checkers and chess are the most common strategy games without any luck.  Checkers is good because it's simple to learn.  However, as you grow older checkers becomes too simple.  Chess is good because it's strategy takes a lifetime to master.  However, chess takes time to learn and there are many trick moves in the game.", 5.0
"Othello is easy to learn like checkers.  However, is strategy is on par with chess requiring "a lifetime to master.", 5.0
"The simpliest games can be the hardest.  Easy learn.  Hard to master.  A simple game of attempting to capture board space by surrounding your opponent.  Surround your opponent and every piece in line turns over to your color.  The player with the most board in their color wins.  Sound easy?  Not by a long shot.  A wonderful game to help teach children strategic thinking and the ability to view several moves in advanc", 5.0
"I wish I could give this product review "zero stars."  Do not buy this item.  It is poorly designed and poorly built!! Don't the designers and manufacturers test thier products?!?  I'm going to write a nasty letter to Singer", 5.0
"I purchased this machine for my eight year old neice who loved to used my full size sewing machine. The intent for giving her this machine was to give her a kid-sized machine designed for children that would allow her her to practice and learn how to sew in her own. She loved the design and colors of the machine. However, it was very difficult to thread the needle as the presser foot "protectors" were in the way. She could never thread it and required an adult. The bobbin kept binding up. I tried everything to get the machine to work, but all attempts failed. Overall for being a kids machine, it is the right size but the quality is only okay. In the end, I decided to get a smaller full-sized "real" machine for her to use, as it was more reliable", 5.0
"My daughter (8yrs. old) received this machine as a Christmas present.  My husband and I spent two hrs. trying to get the machine to work properly.  The problem was with the bobbin.  We could never get it to thread correctly and then once we did the bottom stiches were very sloppy, loose, and tangled.  I would not recommend this machine.  A child would never be able to string the bobbin correctly", 4.0
"The other reviewer is right.  The bobbin gets loose and jams.  Mine even broke.  I've emailed Singer and asked for a new bobbin case.  Hopefully, they'll do the right thing.  My six-year-old did make 1 thing, and the controls are easy to figure out.  Threading is just as difficult as a grown-up machine", 5.0
"This is the cutest little baby carriage.  Our two year old daughter got it for Christmas.  Our daughter uses it with the Corolle Lila baby doll, which I also highly recommend.  The carriage fits up to a 17" doll (snugly) and is very sturdy.  I like the fact that the bed part lifts out for a baby basket, and it is nice that the stroller will fold up like a real one.", 4.0
"My complaint - the bed part is not fastened well enough.  There are two velcro pieces on the sides, one in back, and two snaps.  That's it.  I would have liked for there to be a little more holding it in, because when the kids push the baby down in the carriage, it tends to sag.  I will probably add some more velcro on my own to the front of the carriage and see if it helps.", 4.0
"My two year old daughter will not stay in a stroller herself, but if we take her carriage and her baby Lila, she pushes her baby and stays right with me.  We get a lot of comments on how cute she is and how cute the baby and carriage are.  I recommend this toy and would purchase it again", 4.0
"This carriage is absolutely adorable.  It is totally girly, my granddaughter is in love with it.  She has taken it to the mall and received many compliments.  It folds for easy carrying, she has told her Mom it's going to FL when they fly to Disney. The top portion also lifts out so she can carry her doll just like Mommy carrys her baby sister", 5.0
"I actually purchased this for a friend who does not have internet access. She bought it for her grandchild's birthday. She told me that everything was good quality. It arrived very quickly I might add. I remember these being the "in thing" for every kid to have when I was growing up. Glad to see they are still popular after all these years!", 5.0
"Sussie Du", 5.0
"Sea Monkeys Ocean of Light is a great product! These are easy to care for little pets. This product is great for teaching about the life cycle of these little sea creatures. Just follow the instruction booklet. The light is great and makes the little baby sea monkeys easier to see. Kids love these", 5.0
"Sea-monkeys are cool, and this set is also cool, but to own sea-monkeys, you need to be very serious about it, you need to care for them always, and if you forget to feed them once, or oxygenate them, or even the tiniest thing, they can die, this has happened with my sister and I for the second time, and this time they died after five days! So, I guess before you buy this set, you should be willing to take full responsibility for your little aquatic pets, perhaps make a schedule for feeding, oxygenating, etc. for your pets. Hope this helps", 2.0
"The Sea Monkey Ocean of Light is a good invest. As long as you follow the instructions, the growth process folds right before your eyes. There are 4 easy steps to getting the little monkeys on their way. You and your child can read the instructions together, and they can help agitate the water or pour food into the tank. My kid loves watching the little sea monkeys swim around, especially since they are easier to see", 5.0
"I always had sea monkeys as a kid, so when I saw them in the store, I could not resist picking some up for my animal-crazy 4 year old.", 5.0
"I had forgotten the 36 hours you have to wait, and since my son does not have a whole lot of patience- it was not an immediate hit.", 5.0
"However these little creatures quickly grew, and now Im almost more amused by these little shrimp then my children. (and yes I know they are just Brine shrimp, Thank You)", 5.0
"It was still a great science project for a four year old and his mom, and it added a nice dose of nostalgia to my day.", 5.0
"Great for kids - almost impossible to kill these things - and they grow VERY fast.  Even is they do die off eventually, they can regenerate (which I never knew and couldn't really believe until it happened!)  Great buy for such a low price", 5.0
"I bought this for my son for Christmas and became way more interested in it than he did.  I followed the directions exactly, but I only got a few to hatch and they died within a couple of days (yes, I aerated the tank and did not overfeed).  My sea monkeys never got anywhere near as large as the ones in the customer images.", 1.0
"One possible reason for this is that the light would not stay lit.  Every time I put in new batteries the light would only last a couple of hours. I tried at least four sets of batteries before I gave up. I will probably try again, but I would not buy this particular tank because I believe that the light was defective.  I suggest another tank, but I think every kid should have sea monkeys at least once in their lifetime.", 5.0
"Be careful of "astro-turfing"... people who are paid to write rave reviews about certain products... many of the positive reviews about this product are extremely repetitive and sound like they're written by the same person... so... just beware.", 5.0
"I like the Brio set because it is so durable, but was unhappy with the size of this set.  I think the quality is remarkable on the trains and the tracks too, but the accesories are a little flimsy and boring.  I plan on purchasing the expansion pack to make the mountain adventure a little more exciting", 2.0
"I bought this as kind of a filler gift for my 3 yr old for christmas. I didnt know if she would get it or would like it..I have to say..my husband, myself and 2 daughters play this almost every night. It is so cute and has really helped my girls learn about different species of animals and what they do..ex. walk, fly, climb, swim..and learn their numbers. Even manners have been brushed up with this game for example..when we pick a card that someone else has on their board..we give it to that person and they have to say " thank you mom.." It is so nice to hear that from a 3 and 5 yr old who seemed ot have forgotten lately how to be nice to each other. I absolutely love this game and i even look forward to our time to play at night. it is SOOO worth 10 dollars..i would have paid more.", 4.0
"My daughter loves this game.  She is only 2.5 yrs old and is really good at it.  She has learned a lot while playing as well.  Easy to play and fun for the whole family.  I highly recommend", 4.0
"I think a baby would love playing with such bright colored blocks.", 4.0
"I received these as a shower gift before my son was born.  Then I threw them in the toy bin, and forgot about them.  Two weeks ago, I decided to pull out some different toys for my 6 month old.  He loves these!  He chews on them.  He rattles them.  When he lays on his stomach, he actually uses them as a pillow.  It's so cute!  Why didn't I get these out sooner?", 5.0
"Our son really likes to sink his teeth in this toy.  Easy to use and wash.  Makes a good noise to get his attention but not overwhelming", 4.0
"We received these as a gift, and have only just realized that they are by the same company that makes all of our son's favorite toys.  He's been playing with them from about 1-2 months.  He loves these boxes, especially the red one with the mirror on the end.  They have interesting things for him to grab onto and look at, varied textures, and make different sounds that he likes.  He'll get his hand into the rings, clutch the boxes to his chest and chew on their corners, but he'll also spend minutes just staring at the red one and cooing happily.  We thought he was looking at himself in the mirror when he did that, and sometimes he is--but as often as not he's just admiring the patterning on the side.  Great toys for a small infant", 5.0
"This is a really fun game for those that like board games. It's for up to 4 players and a fun way to pass a rainy evening with good friends.", 5.0
"There is more thought than just rolling dice and moving a gamepiece, so it gets your brain thinking in order to get those double and triple word points (great if you have children who are learning to spell! it will help them advance more quickly) and can be quite competitive!", 5.0
"This is one of the board games I keep in my collection", 4.0
"This is one of my favorite games.  It is also an excellent way to enrich one's vocabulary.  To this day I recommend using a dictionary when you play just to be sure no neologisms sneak in.  Still, the extent to which other players will try to win can be as fun as the game itself.  I love this game!", 5.0
"I've always enjoyed this game and was glad to see it was still available in its original form", 5.0
"I've been playing Scrabble for almost 2 years now, and I profess to completely know only the 2 and 3 letter words. Scrabble really expands your vocabulary, but DON'T expect it to use them in daily life, or more commonly, not know the meaning at all. You see, to achieve Scrabble 'cramming', top players rarely, if ever memorise the word meanings. They memorise them for utility. So while you may triumph in many a word game, it will not significantly improve your English. In fact, the 2003 world champion Panupol Sujjayakorn has admitted that his English is still poor in spite of what must be a massive vocabulary numbering over a million.", 4.0
"I highly recommend one of the Scrabble dictionaries, to cut out those niggly disputes when a person invents and insists that a word exists. I myself use the Collins 2005 edition.", 5.0
"Among word games, this is king. Just don't waste all your time memorising words - there are better things to do out there. Really :)", 5.0
"Scrabble is a word game that anybody can play as long as they can spell in the language in which the game is being played. It can be a lot of fun but it's wise to have a dictionary at hand to settle disputes that arise when somebody creates a dubious word or spelling. The dictionary should only be used to settle disputes - leafing through its pages trying to find a word that fits your letters is definitely cheating. The game is intended to be played by between two and four players but it is possible to practise alone and I'll explain how later, though it isn't as much fun as playing against another person. If more than four people are available, they can either team up or just find something else to use instead of racks to hold the tiles.", 5.0
"Scrabble comes in various editions but all of them have certain things in common. There are 100 tiles each with a letter on them, four racks (one to hold each payer's tiles) and a bag into which all tiles are placed at the start of the game and from which all players draw letters as the game progresses. The main playing area is a board of 15 x 15 squares, most of which are of a standard gray color. Some squares are red, pink, dark blue or pale blue - these are premium-scoring squares (triple word, double word, triple letter, double letter respectively).", 5.0
"To begin with, each player draws seven tiles from the bag. The first player makes a word from any or all of their letters and places it on the board, beginning, ending or crossing the central square, which automatically gives them a double word score. (it is pink) and replaces the used tiles with a corresponding number of tiles from the bag. Subsequently, players take turns to create a new word (thereby building a crossword on the board), attempting to score as many points as possible. Any tiles added must all form part of one word and link to tiles already on the board but strategy as well as vocabulary is useful.", 5.0
"Most of the time, you just place letters focusing on an existing tile on the board, using that tile as part of the word you create, However, if you have a letter S in your rack, you may be able to add it to the end of an existing word while also using it as part of a word of your own, if there is clear room on the board for you to do so. Thus, you score for your own word but you also score for the word that you made into a plural. This is just one example of how you can (sometimes) score for more than word while sticking to the rules, but it teaches you not to waste S letters - keep them for when they can be most effectively used.", 5.0
"When there are no more tiles in the bag, play continues until one player uses up all their tiles or nobody is able to. At that point, points on unused tiles still in players' racks are deducted from their score.", 5.0
"To play alone is quite simple, if less satisfying. The object is to score as many points as possible. Obviously, scoring is much easier since you can build the crossword in a very open design - you aren't trying to block your opponents - but if you find that those opponents usually beat you, a bit of practice on your own might improve your chances of beating them in future.", 5.0
"So, if you decide to buy Scrabble, it comes down to deciding whether to buy the Deluxe edition (if you can afford it), the Travel edition (for taking away from home with you) or the standard edition. Just make sure you have that dictionary at hand to settle disputes, otherwise it won't be much fun", 5.0
" A great way to pass time, teach kids how to spell and learn the meaning and purpose of words. Definatley to be played with a dictionary (I suggest the Oxford scrabble dictionary which not only tells you if words are valid but also gives their true scrabble score!) It's a good laerning curve but can cause lots of heated debate!", 4.0
"This game is so much fun!  Even my mom who hates to play games with me, will play this game!  I like this game because everyone can play it!  Fun and educational at the same time as you learn to build words and you can even use it to show how to use a word and grow from it.  I think this game is worth the money they charge.  My only regret is that I didn't get one with a turn table luckily my mom had one from the 70's and we use it.  My advise buy this game", 5.0
"Scrabble is my favorite board game of all time. It is fun to play and does not ever get boring. The game is not only fun and challenging but it is very educational. The game is made up of about 30% luck and about 70% skill. This is about the perfect percentage breakdown. There is enough luck involved so that everyone has a chance to win(if the skill levels are not too different) and enough skill involved so that the game does not ever become boring", 5.0
"Adults love this game because it's challenging and makes them think, and the educational opportunities for kids to broaden their vocabularies and learn spelling skills are obvious. Suggest buying a dictionary as an accessory. This is a great game and will continue to stand the test of tim", 5.0
"This item was fun for my daughter to build with her grandpa, but after it was built the fun was over. It doesn't do much except sit on the shelf and take up space. I told her to take it apart again and redo it. That might be fun once, but after that it will probably go to the Thrift Shop", 5.0
"All of the stories offered with the Read with Me player are all great classics.  This one was a new one for us, and Cameron enjoyed it.  I think if you have a little one that is cranky sometimes this is the story for you.  I am hoping that they come out with more stories, what a great concept for children, this keeps them learning and reading and on their own....Buy it, you WON'T be disappointed", 5.0
"My son (age 3) received several of the Read With Me titles for Christmas. Alexander is by far his favorite one. Its a cute story and the questions it asks range from easy to more difficult, so he feels successful, but is still challenged and learns from it.", 5.0
"They committed 10days but i received in 3 days. The dart board is infact is more good than they advertised. Wonderful service i buy lot of items only through amazon.co", 5.0
"This thing is such old news and i can't beleive it costs 30.00 bucks.  I was recentlty at a hobby show in toronto, canada and i bought a new electronic magetic dartboard.  I bought 4 of them and they were only $49 bucks.  It looks like a real dartboard and the amazing thing is it calculates the score for you. [...] that is their website. This item is a must have for christmas.", 1.0
"Safety darts magnetic ad it keeps score electronically", 5.0
"darts is a very entertaining game especially when you can play it indoors on a magnetic dart board.  This makes a great trophy or display to hang on the wall of any casual room you may have in your house for entertaining guests.  If you dont have a room for entertaining guests or a kid you can put it up temporarily since it can be rolled up or you can just put it outside or in your basement.  Even better you should buy one for your break room at work using company money if possible.  There should also be one of these in every class room in the United States because of its high educational value", 5.0
"I have a subtraction version of this and it is very fun. Not only does it teach math but it also has several games to play. This gadget is definitely a 5 out of 5!", 5.0
"Sincerely,Chocolate Dog", 1.0
"My son (4 1/2 years) loves this game and learns addition while he's at it. Its rewarding tones when he gets the right answers encourge him to learn and get them right. Some sort of control for difficulty level would have been nice. Right now, its hard for him to figure out whether the problems he should be attempting are the right ones for his level", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 yr old son who will be entering kindergarten this fall. I really think he does better counting on his fingers! Some of the games are hard for him to get started on his own. I need to sit and help him along which is fine most of the time, but I thought this would be something we could take on vacation and he could do on his own during the long car ride. That's probably not going to happen. Although, for the price I would give it 4 stars. Maybe it's his disinterest I'm disappointed with", 5.0
"My 2 year old has struggled with the concept of addition ever since his exodus from the womb.  Leapfrog seems to be one of the few companies in corporate America that cares as their cutting edge product the Twist & Shout has worked miracles for my child.  The random quizzes and raucous electronic voice both work to subdue my child into hours of learning, laughs and all around good times.  He'll one day be telling the tale of this product to his grandchildren, with a broad smile across his then wrinkled face, fondly recalling what toys were like "back in the day".  Let your youngins share the same future pleasures by buying them one of these today.", 4.0
"My twin six year old daughters fight over playing with this handheld game and within a day they have learned the basic facts for 0, 1,2, and doubles.  They've even challenged themselves with the lightning round and have gotten at least 8 points out of that!", 5.0
"This is a must have for a child learning their addition basic facts.  This would make a great gift for a child between the ages of 5-7.", 5.0
"I purchased this item in September as a Christmas present for my son.  When it was opened last Christmas it didn't work, number dials don't respond and constantly responds as though dials are always set to 8 and 2.  Inserting fresh batteries made no difference.  If you purchase this product I would suggest opening it right away as the manufacturer warranty is good for only 3 months from the purchase date", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my son who is going into the 1st grade, and he loves it. I wanted to get him excited about math because he was saying that math was his least favorite subject that it was boring. After just one day of playing with this toy he says that math is going to be his favorite subject this year.I am happy to have something that gets him excited about math, I never was and I do not want my trait passed onto him", 4.0
"Repetition, repetition, repetition. Excellent! My daughter has learning challenges and LOVES this &quot;toy.&quot; Although she has the addition facts down, she was having difficulty recalling them quickly. With this game she can play when she wants, miss some answers and still protect her &quot;ego&quot;, jazz around the room &quot;showing off&quot; her skills, and have a great time. A bit of rythm, a little skippy tune, a friend to challenge and correct. Great idea! I haven't tried the add-on, but am considering purchasing it. Without the add-on it is self contained learning fun that helps improve skills and encourage additional learning", 5.0
"STILL GREAT KID PLEASER (AND SOME ADULTS).  SMALLER THAN WHAT WE HAD GROWING UP IN MY DAY BUT STILL SERVES ITS PURPOSE, LEARNING HOW TO PLAY TIC TAC TOE.  GREAT FOR KID'S PARTY ENTERTAINER.  AND GREAT FOR FAMILY GAME DAY", 5.0
"I played this game 40 years ago and it was fun.  I play with my 8year old Granddaughter and the fun hasn't changed. She loves it and finds is suspenseful anticipating what the bags are going to do. I found it easy to assemble and it's seems sturdy.  I remembered it being a bit larger though my memory may be faulty.  I wish it had a pocket to keep the bags in so they don't get separated from the game", 4.0
"Definitely cheaped-out, not the same substantial wood(?) game that I played in the 70s.  My 8-year-old had to put it together herself, complete with sticking on the x's and o's.  I think the original had the x/o carved right into the square.  Anyway, it works alright, hence the two stars instead of one, but you have to be accurate and throw high/hard to keep the bean bag from just sitting on top of the square and not turning it.", 5.0
"Wouldn't bother, even for the memories..", 5.0
"I bought this for my 8 year old niece and she adores it.  I recommend it", 2.0
"The x's and o's don't turn over too well. It makes the game a lot longer than it should be. Don't waste your money", 2.0
"This was purchased for my 4 1/2 yr old daughter and she loves it.  It's a game that she was able to grasp quickly and can play by herself or with another player or even teams.  It's pretty durable as well and the assembly is simple.  For the price - it's a great little game", 5.0
"I really like this game and remember playing it as a kid.  It's a great game with easy to understand directions. The only downside is when you're done the fully assembled game doesn't fit back into the box.  And attempting to disassemble it is NOT something I would recommend.  Therefore it's highly likely that the six bean bags will get lost and if that happens, the game is useless.", 4.0
" I loved this game as a kid and decided to get one for my son and neice. I had read somewhere that it is fragile and fell apart, though we have yet to play it so I don't know about that yet. Even still it brings back fond memories of my childhood which are priceless and worth what I invested so that my young ones can experience the same joy and fun as I did", 5.0
"We bought this for our 1 year old and the first time she pushed it she got four steps when her hand slipped and the stroller rolled right out from under her.  She fell on her hands, thankfully, and not her face but it scared her so much she didn't even want to look at it again!  We were sold on it because we were told that it had some special design where it wouldn't do that, but it did.  We are disappointed.  I think if our daughter was  bit older it might be better--I would suggest you wait to buy it until she is at least 2", 5.0
"This pretend baby stroller is functional.  It is also attractive and has continued to survive my rough and rowdy child", 4.0
"Kids love it!  I was not able to find this product in stores as it was off season in October here in Michigan.  Thanks for making it available online", 5.0
"I bought this gift for my 8 year old daughter for Christmas. She has been completely in love with this gift since she opened it. We even bought another house/pet shop and car to attach, although it seems difficult for the three houses to work together. I definitely recommend it!", 5.0
"I got that one for xmas! It is so cool but everyone hates them! why? I love them and there worth getting!", 5.0
"Just as the description says, The Marvel Universe is YOURS!", 5.0
"Using square colorforms of every imaginable Marvel character from Spiderman to Venom to Spidergirl.  Bad guys, good guys, and superheros you've never heard of (The Scarlet Witch??)!  There are only about 20 characters that you need to select to put on the board, but over 100 characters to choose from.  You name it, they're there: Hulk, Dr. Octopus, Red Skull, Silver Surfer, Iron Man, The Fantastics, The X-Men!", 5.0
"It does take a little while to setup, but it's fun for everyone to sit around deciding who gets to go on the board.  Once they're on the board, you can decide to keep the same lineup for several games, or go back and make minor adjustments.  Maybe Dr. Doom shouldn't be on the expensive spots... maybe replace him with Professor X.", 5.0
"You also obviously need to take the heading of the character and put it on the Property Cards.  For example if Spiderman is put on Boardwalk space it's referred to as Space# 40 (the 40th square on the board).  There is a colorform word of "SPIDERMAN" that you need to put onto the Blue Property Card for Space# 40.", 5.0
"The Chance cards are called "Thwppt!" and "Snickt!".  The only bad part about these is that they obviously have to refer to "Space #40" or "Go to Space #12" rather than saying "Spiderman" or "Go to The Hulk".", 5.0
"The tokens are cool: Spider-Man, Ghost Rider, Phoenix Force, Silver Surfer, Kingpin, and Wolverine.  The railroads are replaced with flying machines.  And the utilities are replaced by Dr. Doom's Mansion and X-Men's Place.", 5.0
"The money is the same (except with pictures of Spiderman and The Hulk on them) and you still collect $200 when you pass GO, or go to JAIL, and have FREE PARKING.  I kind of wish they would have spiced those spaces up a bit more.  At least have a picture of Dr. Octopus in JAIL (the spaces are all the traditional pictures from regular Monopoly).", 5.0
"It brings a whole new dimension though to Monopoly.  And is really fun.  You can feel like you're playing a different game each time", 4.0
"We bought this set for our 3 year old daughter and the foam heads on the clubs were broken within days. She wasn't even playing roughly with them. The balls and mini-golf goals are cute and colorful but I would suggest buying a different set", 5.0
"We just received this golf set in the mail, and were so excited.  My almost-three daughter and I wanted it to play inside on rainy spring days.  Both handles came out of both foam clubheads the second time we used the set.  We only used the clubs and set for playing golf inside, and the set was used a total of about 20 minutes.  This set is rated for ages 3-7.  I don't see how it could hold up to a seven year old when my almost-three daughter broke it on its second use.  We are sending this set back today, and ordered the Little Tikes set this morning", 5.0
"This might be the funniest yet grossest game I've ever played.  Some of the questions I could hardly read out loud without gagging, but they do give you some interesting things to ponder.  Definitely not a game for everyone---just the openminded and strong stomached", 5.0
"My husband and I bought this for some friends and ended up opening it and staying up for hours just reading the cards to eachother.  Some are sick and twisted and some are gross but some can start really indepth conversations.  Then some just make you laugh till you cry.  They are divided into catergories such as eating, pain, embarassment, and ethics.  We haven't actually played the game with the rules but just the cards are worth it.", 5.0
"I recived this horse for Christmas. It is a stunning model,and I fell in love with it. Complete with a blanket of yellow daisies,Sonador is an exact replica of the horse in the movie. A must have for horse fans!  By the way,does anyone know where I can find a Smoky the Cowhorse model? If you do,can you write a review and tell me? Thanks,Klair", 5.0
"This horse is just a bit smaller than the normal Traditional horse but just as good. The racetrack set also fits this horse for those of you who own that. I defiantly recoummend this horse to you!", 5.0
"-CM", 5.0
"February 4th, 200", 5.0
"My preschooler loves her new bookcase. It matches her room perfectly with the 2 shades of pink. It is sturdy and easy to assemble. There is also plenty of room for her books, and she can reach them all easily", 5.0
"This is great for long road trips.  The system uses batteries way too fast.", 5.0
"Great to have on long road trips so you can save the batteries while traveling!", 5.0
"This is a must have for any child with a V-Smile.  It is especially great for long trips saving the battery life for when you get to your destination", 1.0
"This item works great! I was so happy to find it online, because I could not find it anywhere in the stores. Thanks Amazon", 1.0
"This is a must for car travel.  Very easy to use and keeps the Pocket running during travel time", 5.0
"This doll is so cute.  My daughter got it for her 1st birthday.  Although she didn't play with it much in the beginning, she carries it with her everywhere now, at 18 months.  I also like that this line of dolls has come out with other clothes for the dolls - that's nice because I can wash one outfit and the baby still has clothes on.  This is definitely a great starter doll - there are no moving parts = no choking hazards", 5.0
"With the same title of the product, the product delivered was totally different from the picture. With two compartments side by side. No skeeball. Baseball, football and basketball. Even the kids had fun. But my daughter really wanted something with skeeball in it. Really disappointed", 4.0
"This toy was such a disappointment that i sent it back.  The balls are so small and cheap, and the toy itself looks very cheaply made.  I didn't even let my kids see it before I sent it back", 4.0
"This puzzle is of extremely good quality and has been enjoyed tremendously by my kids ranging in age from 3-8", 5.0
"I had this for my first son and we even brought this with us to Aruba! We love it and got many compliments on it there also, asking where we got it.", 4.0
"I love it and would definitely buy for a gift and plan to use again for my 2nd born son, who will be swimming this summer", 4.0
"We just purchased this float for our 8 month old daughter.  Our daughter had never been in the pool before and was a bit scared.  Once we put her in this float she was much more comfortable in the water, I guess she felt secure.  I especially like having the mommy side to float next to her", 1.0
"We are currently using the "Mommy and Me" float for our 7 month-old. He loves the freedom of not being held and our arms thank this float for supporting his weight while in the pool. The float allows him enough freedom that he can reach over the side to splash in the water (he could care less about the balls and rings on the float), but keep him securely in place at the same time. We use this float every time we are in the pool and he never gets tired of it", 5.0
"The yarn is nice, but the skeins are very small.  $30 seems high for what you get", 5.0
"This is my second Replogle globe. Replogle is the best! Their Pioneer World Globe has a little of everything (well almost). It shows major cities, raised relief mountains, ocean currents, color-coded countries and states, and legend. Like most of their globes, it also comes with a plastic time zone dial over the north pole, so you can sort of figure out what time it is in other parts of the world compared to others. My favorite feature which stands out among others is its gyroscopic apparatus, which enables you to tilt the earth upside down without lifting its base, so you can see Antarctica in its entirety. With other lower-priced globes, you have to lift the whole globe, and the base gets in the way, so you really cannot see Antarctica.", 4.0
"There are two things I dislike about this globe. It has no topographical information, but I suppose that is what the Atlantis World Globe is for. (I guess you cannot have everything.) Also, it scratches easily, so don't bang it around.", 5.0
"Another insignificant thing I notice is the placement of the political information. Because the globe is constructed with strips of cardboard (like orange peels), none of the city, state, or country names are printed across two strips. It does not take away from the quality of information; it's just quirky to look at. I am very detailed-oriented and pay attention to everything. Most of you probably will not even notice this", 5.0
"this is great for learning how to play the piano.it's fun and good for kids.this is one of my favorite toys i have", 5.0
"This little puppy was our solution to our 2yr old's request for a puppy for Christmas. It is such a sweet little thing that I even find myself playing with it. She's a little younger than they recommend, but has no problems getting him to do all his tricks. "Abbie" sleeps at the end of her bed every night. We've had no problem getting the battery pack to stay in - just have to keep the fur out of the velcro. Our family was so impressed by how real it looks and sounds, yet it's not annoying thanks to the fact it turns off after you leave it alone for a bit. I love that it doesn't have stiff robot legs so it is still cuddly and not too heavy. I really can't think of a better alternative to the real thing", 5.0
"Although the cold nose puppies are cute and cuddly, and my children love playing with them, I am still very disappointed and would not buy this toy again because as mentioned in other reviews, the battery packs WILL NOT stay inside the toy.  The velcro will not stay fastened.  I am tempted to sew this toy together, but that would create another problem when it's time to replace the batteries.  I cannot believe that a manufacturer would design such a poor battery compartment.  For the amount of money the toy cost, I expected it to be designed much better", 5.0
"We ordered this dog in lieu of a real puppy. My daughter at 17 months old loved this toy and after months still loves this toy. We don't even turn it on and she walks around petting it and kissing it.", 2.0
"The packaging is truly a pain, there must have been 20 ties and straps on this. There was no hope of returning it with a resellable box, I literally destroyed it to get the toy.", 5.0
"I have allergies and the dog shed initially, that would be why I wanted to return it. I read so many complaints on how the belly doesn't close back up after being opened, it really wasn't so tough to accomplish.", 5.0
"The look is adorable,it's legs do not do anything, they are like a stuffed animals legs. The nose gets very cold, sneezes if you touch it too soon, kiss sounds like how you call a cat when it is touched while cold. The tail wags and he makes noises when he wants to be pet or is being pet. You can leave him on all the time and is activated by squeezing the paw with the logo.", 5.0
"Since our daughter got this dog she has not bothered our cat too much, who, by the way, doesn't take cuddling well at all.", 4.0
"I suggest brushing it good before playing with it. This toy is good in my book. He doesn't eat much either", 1.0
"Santa brought the Yorkie to my 6-year-old daughter for Christmas. While it was as cute as could be, it didn't work well. It would rarely kiss, and, as other reviewers have noted, the velcro on the belly wouldn't close. "Santa" returned it to Toys R Us and got a new Yorkie. This one appears to have some modifications, compared to the first one, to facilitate the velcro staying closed. The "new" puppy is a kissing fool!! She works just beautifully and is so much fun. My husband and I enjoy it as much as my daughter does. This is a cute, fun, enjoyable toy for children of all ages. If you get one that doesn't work to your satisfaction, keep trying for another one. It's too much fun to miss", 5.0
"I bought a cold nose puppy for my little sister and she really likes that she does not want to share with it", 5.0
"This precious pup is the perfect friend for any child who loves puppies! :)  Soft and cuddly enough to snuggle with and totally interactive, this darling puppy will captivate you with his sweet barks and kisses!", 5.0
"Activate Puppy by pressing the "A" logo on his paw...now rub Puppy's head and/or tummy, and he will bark and wag his little tail!  If you stop petting him, he will whimper for more attention, just like a real puppy!  Now rub his soft head and belly even more...the more affection you give your puppy, the louder he barks and the faster he wags his tail!!  Puppy's nose becomes very cold, and he makes a kissing sound as he gives you a big Cold Nose Puppy kiss! :)", 5.0
"His sweet, realistic, expressive face; soft, cuddly, plush fur; and adorable puppy antics make this amazing pooch the absolute "must-have" toy for any little animal lover this holiday season! :", 5.0
"i cant say much about it just yet. I bought it for my 18 month old son for christmas. We have a yorkie and he loves to pet him but sometimes the dog doesnt want to be petted, so this will give him a little guy of his own to play wit", 5.0
"The rules are about two sentences long and off you go.  Terrific gateway game for people who have played Othello but maybe never played a "euro game".  Rules are along the lines of dominoes and the components are quite nice.  Lots of room for improvement the more you play, but early plays are equally rewarding.  GREAT GREAT game", 4.0
"I went to a well-attended game night (20+ people) where the majority of people were playing the mainstream games that I love: Scrabble, Taboo, Cranium.   However, one one of the attendees, a math professor, brought the game Ingenuous with her.   Although the game didn't look that fun, a few of us decided we would give it a try because she really wanted to play.    Well, it turns out that it is a fantastic game with a lot of strategy.   The endgame, it turns out, is VERY important; strategizing how one will approach the endgame becomes very important about half-way through the game, as one sees how the board is starting to take shape.", 5.0
"I liken it to  Pente and Go:  the rules are simple, but strategy is key  to winning.", 5.0
"The game became a hit at the party with people that loved strategy, and was played in 3- and 4-person format all night long", 4.0
"I bought it for my 11 yr old nephew and we opened it and read the directions and was playing within 10 minutes. We really liked it. We played three games in a 1/2 hr and he beat me all three times. We wanted to keep playing but had no more time. It is easy to play and the more you understand it the more fun it becomes.", 4.0
"After playing and enjoying Lost Cities by game designer Reiner Knizia, I decided to stop by our local game store and check out Ingenious.  Last night my wife and I played it for the first time, and as with Lost Cities, we loved it.", 5.0
"Immediately after playing we wanted to play again.  There is no doubt in my mind that we will not tire of the game.  The common quality that Lost Cities and Ingenious share are the "addiction" factor; both games will have you saying "let's play again" over and over again at the expense of sleep.  I don't believe a greater compliment can be said about a game than this.", 5.0
"Ingenious is incredibly easy to learn, and takes less than 1 minute after setting the game up for you to begin playing.  Game play consists of playing hexagonal chips of 6 different colors on a board in turn-based play.  The chips are like hexagonal dominoes, have 2 hexes connected, and each hex containing a different color. Once no chips can be placed upon the board, the game is over. The player who has the lowest amount of points for any of the 6 colors loses.  Game strategy requires that you score points for each color, and this requires concentration and strategy.", 1.0
"Understand that Ingenious is not a strategy game that will leave you frustrated, overwhelmed and weary. No, ingenious is not like that. Ingenious has just enough strategy to have you scampering to win, and just enough random luck to make it unpredictable.  And my favorite part of Ingenious?  All players know that when the board is full, the game is over.  There is an end in sight, and just like Lost Cities, you play against yourself just as much as you play against your opponent.  Your strategies can kill you, or leave you the victor.  Spend too much time acquiring points for one color, and you might sacrifice your victory.", 1.0
"Try it, you won't regret it.  I paid over $35 at my local gaming store, and it was worth every dollar.  The game is of sturdy components, as to assure you will be playing it in 10 years.  For 1 to 4 players.  Yes! You can even play this addictively fun game solo", 5.0
"For puzzle lovers, when we opened the puzzle the pieces were not glued correctly they were all uneven thicknesses.  Puzzle was cute, but not very sturd", 1.0
"My son is rough on his things and he loves puzzles.  Most of his puzzles don't last long, but his Ravensburger puzzles are holding up very well to his abuse!  They are very sturdy and do not peel or bend easily and they aren't full of that puzzle dust when you open them.  The pictures on Ravensburger puzzles are top quality and beautiful.  We absolutely love this Noah's Ark puzzle.  60 pieces is perfect for my four-year-old at this point.  The pieces are a great size for his little hands.  Also, I would like to note that the Ravensburger 100 piece puzzles are better than many others for younger kids because they design the pieces larger and sturdier than many other brands", 4.0
"For a pre-schooler needing to work on problem-solving skills, this puzzle was excellent!  Not too big or too small, and the Noah's Ark theme was perfect.  We had a blast pointing out all the different animals and making their sounds.  The puzzle has held up well, and we'll continue to have fun with it", 5.0
"We got this on sale for our daughter for Christmas, and she loves it!  Yes, (as with anything inflatable) it is a little work to inflate, but well worth the time spent.  The plastic smell has worn off in the 2 weeks we've had it, and my 2 daughters (3 1/2 and 18 months) play in it a lot as well, and it still holds up great.  No leaks, and no problems yet!  Great gift idea", 2.0
"This should make any little girl (2 yrs-6 years) very happy! I certainly do not expect it to "last" but it comes from a reputable company, was packaged properly, and is 100% as described. What a great price, too! It did take about an hour to inflate with the foot pump. That was the hardest part, but other than that my daughter loves it and it will work great for sleepovers and as a temporary bed while we have guests using her room during the holidays. It also makes a great catch-all for stuffed animals. The best part is the sheer size of this, it really is quite big", 5.0
"I ordered this to use at my parents house for the holidays. Just opened it and there's about 10 different sections to 'pump' air into. I got to the point of blowing it up like a raft.", 5.0
"Anyway, there was a slow leak in the seam of the 'dashboard.' Read the directions and it says to use the patches except on seams. Great. What are we to do then?", 5.0
"I called the company and they said to return it because there's nothing they could do, they are out of stock or discontinued. I tried the patch. Nope, it didn't work. Disappointed daughter, frustrated (and now out of breath) parents as well, with no place for my daughter to sleep now for the holidays except to get something spur of the moment.", 5.0
"Every review on this item so far sums up exactly what happens with this item.I wish I would have read their reviews before ordering this item.Sorry I could not give it less than one star. I think Smithsonian should refund everyone's purchase price", 5.0
"My wife and I bought this for our son (10) who is mechanically inclined.  I, his father, am not.  I know now why there appear to be many extra screws.  I must have stripped 8 or nine and still had a few left over...not sure where they belonged; however, I have suggestion or two for where Smithsonian can put them. The provided screwdriver doesn't match the heads of the screws.  I became more involved when my wife gave up in frustration after three hours, don't know what she was in a snit about, after all the project is for "8 and Up."  Two hours later my wife read me the other two reviews...too late to return the product.  Anyway, the valve stems, springs, and rocker arms work terrific...until they're assembled.  Then they barely move at all.  Amazingly I was able to get the spark plugs to light....after testing the brand new batteries to make sure they had juice because the silly lights would not turn on.  Then I tested the battery box (I got a voltage tester for Christmas and now had this wonderful opportunity to learn how to use it).  The tester, however, did work as advertised and I discovered the battery box functioned.  I then pulled the little motor out which miraculously worked when I placed it back into it's brace...hmmm...go figure.  Now it was time to break out the champaign.  I turned out all the lights and fired up the ignition.  My 10 year old son still thinks it's pretty cool even though he wasn't able to assemble much of anything.  He did manage to open the packaging without help though", 5.0
"I always wanted to see what effect the washer and dryer had on the humidity levels in our home, so I bought two of these and keep one in the basement (where the laundry is) and one upstairs.  We can monitor the effect the clothes washer has on both levels of the house.", 5.0
"These devices help us know, and then, regulate the temp and humidity more accurately and also act as a back-up to our furnace/air conditioner's main thermostat", 5.0
"Please oh please do not buy this item.", 4.0
"My son was interested in engines and I bought this to show him how an engine works. The parts are all listed correctly and the assembled picture looks interesting.", 5.0
"The assembly of the engine is nothing short of maddening. The parts do not line up correctly, they break if you apply even a small amount of pressure to them and the worst thing of all are the screws provided.", 1.0
"They are slightly too large for holes they fit into. The holes are not tapped and the screws were becoming stripped when attempting to screw them in. I tried a smaller screwdriver than the one provided but that did not help. I took out my drill and tried to widen the holes but the cast plastic case cracked.", 1.0
"I eventually got it all together and tried it.....crap. The pistons move up and down in the cylinder but the cams do not move the rocker arms which do not move the valves. I disassembled it all and tried again, spending almost 6 hours massaging the parts, adding glue, ensuring contact is made and using other means of holding parts together, but after all that...the same result. the pistons move up and down but that is all. There is just too much slop in the rest of the parts to actually all move together.", 2.0
"Don't waste your time.", 2.0
"The puzzle is very entertaining for a kid who is over one yr old. My Son plays with it often trying to match the animals with other animal toys he has. Only negative is that you can't switch it off and if you loose/misplace one then you have to keep hearing the sound again and again", 5.0
"The sound part add extra stimulation and promotes some 'discussion'. A very good item at a good pric", 5.0
"This is a really cool puzzle that my 3 1/2 yr old and 2 yr old both enjoy.  They animal noises are pretty neat, although I'm not sure that the zebra is accurate.  What noise does a Zebra make?  It seem sturdy, and works well.  The only annoying thing is that the animals will go off at random times if the pieces aren't in place.  Overall a really neat addition to our wooden puzzle collection", 4.0
"It's very durable and has a lot of interesting aspects to it.  I disagree that it's unstable - it's more secure than some other sets he owns.  Unlike the Scorpion Palace (which was a huge disappointment in many ways), the Scorpion Prison Cave is a fun set that has kept my son entertained for hours", 4.0
"Lego is our favorite toymaker, but they really cut corners on this one.  The structure looks great and has lots of features, but be careful not to blow on it, or it's coming down!  Much too fragile to play with.  Evidently they wanted to keep the piece-count down in order to reduce the price point.  My son raided his other Lego sets in order to put in supporting pieces, and we stuck the whole thing on a green base plate; still, it's very fragile", 2.0
"this is just a really fun lego set. also it is a great attachment to the knights kingdom sets i liked it a lot so I highly recomend this set. You may want take a look at the other knights kingdom sets", 5.0
"I bought this LEGO toy because we've had several MegaBlocks sets and they fall apart over and over again as you build them.  I hoped LEGOs would be better, but they're not.  When built, the fortress stands only 12 inches by 12 inches, so the scale is small and you can't really play with it, given the fact that one wrong move sends the whole thing crumbling.  My son is 7 and an experienced LEGO user, but even he said, "Oh, man!  This is as bad as MegaBlocks."  This is going to end up in our LEGO box as spare parts, which is sad considering we paid $39.99 for it.", 5.0
"I really liked this item but thought I'd point out a few things that might make this iffy.", 1.0
"It took me two hours to assemble but that was because I had my helpers with me. I pretty much figured out the instructions for this item with two exceptions: how the double hinges went on because the drawing wasn't clear, and the fact that in several instances, the "R" screws the instructions assigned were not long enough.  This was a problem with the silver overhead bar--I ended up using some of my own longer screws because the top part was wobbly by using the longest screws given with the kitchen.  I liked the fact that this is not pink and still has lots of options for playing despite it's small size; it's great at our local library where space is at a premium.  One other thing I noted was that one of the towel bars was below the overhang of the island; kind of in a weird, non-accessible place so it must be just for looks.  The plexi-glass oven door was cracked and broken right out of the box and so it was exchanged and the second one was, too. If some kids breaks it by throwing or hitting it with the right object, the plexiglass is sharp.  If you're really concerned, you could probably remove the glass right away", 5.0
"We bought this kitchen for our three year old daughter for Christmas. It took a few hours to assemble by myself, but it was worth the time. My daughter LOVES it, and it is much better than the cheap plastic kitchens. The accessories are great. Metal pan, and metal/wooden cooking utensils. You can also buy more accessories for it, which is great for birthdays etc. I love that the food is made of wood, and that they stick together by velcro or magnetic, (not to worry the magnetic parts are too big to be swallowed.) so my daughter can pretend to the food. Its been nearly two months since we bought it and my daughter plays with it almost daily.", 5.0
"As far as the 'wobbly' comments, we haven't had that problem, however my daughter is past the age of pulling things over. It might be a problem if my daughter was younger. So far it hasn't been tipped over and has been pretty sturdy. Considering most wood play kitchens cost over 100 dollars, this kitchen is a DEAL! I would definitely recommend this to anyone with a child 3 and up.", 5.0
"I bought this for my 4 1/2 yr old son who likes to help mom and dad in the kitchen.  The directions are not very clear but my step son and my brother were able to figure them out.  My son loves pretending to cook us a meal.  I looked at PBK play kitchens but they are more expensive and take more space to store.  This play kitchen is ideal if you need to have it in the family room or childs room.  I also like the fact it is gender neutral. I feel for the price you get a decent quality product and it includes accessory pieces.  I'm thinking of having my husband attach casters with locks so it can be rolled around", 5.0
"First off, this is a really nice kitchen.  It's sturdy and not that hideous pink plastic that many others are.  My son and my daughter love it.  But it's really not the safest toy.  The first day we had it we had to take out the pegs that hold up the shelves because they don't fit snugly and my kids kept putting them in they're mouths.  So now the kitchen doesn't have shelves.  Then, a week after we got it, we had to take my daughter to the emergency room because one of the cupboard doors had knocked a hole right through her lower lip and she needed stitches.  Granted, everyone was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.  The cupboard door was open, she was bending over to pick something up, and my son grabbed something on the pot rack which tipped the entire kitchen forward making the cupboard door hit my daughter in the face.  It really is a great kitchen, though.  If it weren't for that, it would have gotten five stars.  I just really recommend using a furniture anchor to hold it to the wall.  It's pretty wobbly", 4.0
"The Dora Beanie looks awful.  The hair has lots of long pieces sticking out of it.  Dora doesn't have long hair.  It's defective", 4.0
"My 18 month old just loves this Dora doll.  She carries it around with her.  The doll is sturdy and soft at the same time.  We are very happy with this purchase", 4.0
"I was more than pleased with the puzzle map of the United States.  As a child I can remember having one, and loving it.  It was heavy-duty cardboard as I remember.  Then when I grew up and had my own children I read an article that said there were several toys you should buy for your children if you want to raise geniuses, and one of them (not being a genius myself, I remember only one of them) was a puzzle map of the U.S.  So my children always had one.  And I have a wooden one that I keep here for my grandchildren.  The Puzzibilities Deluxe map was bought for the grandson of a friend.  I almost kept it in place of the one I have, it was so much nicer.", 4.0
"The support for this bed is great. The matress did have a gap, but I used the crib bumper all the way around and now it's fine.  My son LOVES this bed. He thinks it's so cool, and we're happy because it's not going to break like other beds can.", 5.0
"I have bought four of these beds for various family members. I am about to buy another this one for my second grandchild. My first grandchild loves his and hopefully my second will love his. The look they give when they see the car bed is priceless.", 1.0
"Nothing new to add here as far as a review of the bed - it's a great bed and it is very easy to put together.  Our son LOVES his new "racecar bed" and took right to it.", 1.0
"This commentary was to clarify an earlier review stating that stickers were not included.  Ours DID have the stickers included as shown in the picture, which are for the wheel covers only.  The stickers might be easily missed when opening the parts, as they were attached to a piece of cardboard that was in the bag that contained the screws and hardware", 5.0
"My son absolutely loves cars and that is all he really plays with! He never really slept in his crib, always slept with us but i wanted him to start sleeping in his own bed so i decided to buy this for him when he was 14 months old and he absolutely loved it and he actually wanted to sleep in it. Of course with me at first but he got used to sleeping by hisself and now hes 26 months and still loves it. He always says Vroom Vroom Night Night Car before he goes to sleep. If your son loves cars like mine then he will love this bed.", 5.0
"As far as its durability, my friend bought this for her son 4 years ago and it still looks new. It is also made up of durable plastic and should last a long time", 1.0
"We got this bed for Christmas and our little car guy loves it!! We haven't had a problem with him falling out, but we used his crib (without the front rail) as a toddler bed first and after several nights of falling out, Eric found the boundries of the bed. Every child will probally fall out until they realize where the edge is. The bed is so adorable, but I wish that it came with more stickers. You can buy them for $30.00, but it would have been great if they were included.", 5.0
"Overall Eric loves it and can't wait to go to bed!!", 4.0
"It's a great bed for little racers!", 5.0
"Me and my husband went and bought a toddler bed a weekago, and bought him the race car bed and he loves it! I Havent really had a problem with him getting out of it or fighting him to go to bed. He likes it much better then the crib. But two days after we got it he fell out of it in the middle of the night, and he did it again while he was taking a nap a few days later. i would suggest you place pillows or something soft on the other side of the bed cause it doent keep him in very well. When my son was sick he tried to sleep in our room but i got him and placed him back in his bed and i got in the bed with him and it really holds up with us both on there. But he likes it and thats the most important thing.", 4.0
"Recently bought this for my son and he LOVES it! Now, it wasn't such an easy transition for us from crib to bed but that has nothing to do with the bed. We are still trying to get him to sleep in it but he is young and feels a little scared not being in his crib but it's just a matter of time. My son loves to play with it and read his books on his race car bed and loves to bring people in his room to see it. It was easy to put together and very well made. Our crib matteress fit great there are very very slight gaps but no big deal at all and I just stuffed some baby pillows anywhere I felt that there was a tiny gap. It's a really great bed and there is no doubt in my mind my son will love it for quite some time. I had also considered the fire truck bed by step 2 and SO glad I did not get that one. My son likes me to lay down with him at night and read him a story and there is no way on earth either my hubby or I would have fit in that one, this bed I love it's ultra comfy", 4.0
"I bought this bed for my son when he was about 18 months old because he just would not sleep in his crib. It did take a little elbow grease to put together but not too bad. He slept in it perfectly from the first night and never fell out. I used the mattress support from his crib instead of a board; there were no boards at my TRU and the salesman suggested I use the mattress support. I don't know why that is an issue. My mattress fit perfectly and there were no gaps. This is a great toddler bed, however my son is now three and he is constantly hitting the sides at night. i feel he has no room to move in it. I am disappointed because I was expecting to get lots more use out of it! From the other reviews I read, this does not seem to be a common problem. Perhaps my son is just a restless sleeper!!", 4.0
"Santa brought this for my two-year-old, who is learning her letters. She loves to play with this and loves drawing on the chalk board. I haven't let her have the dry erase marker yet, but she does have some dry erase crayons (from a craft store) that work really well on it. My only wish is that Melissa & Doug could make this a sliding case so there would be a place to store those 30+ magnets (ABCs + numbers) that inevitably get scattered. One nice thing is that the magnets are contained within the letters, not glued on the back, so it's impossible for the magnet to come off", 4.0
"Santa gave it to my sixteen month old at Christmas.  He loves it!  It has earned a coveted spot inthe godd-night/nap-time entourage", 5.0
"This doll was designed for older children, yet my 15 mo old has fun with it.  Right now he enjoys playing with the compass attached to one of the pockets, the shoelaces, and the little zipper.  He also gives the pup hugs and kisses on the nose. The older he gets the more he'll be able do", 1.0
"My two year old loves playing with this sturdy, well-constructed pup.  She loves dressing and undressing dolls and the vest, shorts and shoes are removable on this dog.  He is very colorful, interesting and cute and a good size for hugging and toting around.  Not only is this toy great for teaching the basic dressing skills (buttoning, zipping, tying, velcro, snapping & buckling), he also makes a great buddy and has become one of my daughters favorite tea-party friends", 5.0
"This is one of my favorite Batman LEGO sets out of the six there have been so far. This includes Batman and a Catwoman minifig reminiscent of Michelle Pfeiffer. The Batdragster is cool as is Catwoman's motorcycle. One downside is it doesn't include Batarangs or machine guns like the others do, but what it lacks in Batarangs it makes up for with Catwoman. I found mine at the Goodwill, but most other kids will have to settle for buying it from the store", 5.0
" Ok, this set is a little on the small side. Despite this, there are a good number of bricks in this set - can't remember the actual number right now. The Batman sets are a little on the pricey side; but since this is the smallest of them, it's the most affordable. You get two minifigs, Batman and Catwoman- that alone is reason enough for fans to pick this set up. Catwoman's motorcycle is great, but you can't rebuild it into very many other things. Batman's dragster - I don't like it on it's own - but it's built of enough parts that there is huge potential for making your own creations. Plus you get some bricks with Bat-symbols on them. This set also includes a good number of tiny less-common bricks that a MOCer would always find useful. A must have for Batman LEGO users", 5.0
"When i saw that Batman legos were out i flipped out. i LOVE lego, and i LOVE batman, it was like the perfect pairing for me. so i had to get the cheapest set since i only had like 5 bucks, and got this one. i normally hate the smaller sets but i was really satisfied with this set for one reason: catwoman. there arent that many female legos, and having catwoman who is one of my personal fav. batman characters available with this cheap set i was really happy. overall i love her bike becuz it never breaks apart. i have wood flooring, so you can imagine how many times i drop my legos while im playing and they break apart. but not her bike which is what i love. i didnt like the dragster however...but still catwoman alone makes the purchase worth it", 4.0
"I bought it when my son was 12 month old. He loved it from the day one", 4.0
"Without a doubt, the Flip `n Play Table by Chicco was my son's favorite "baby" toy! In fact, my boy wasn't willing to give it up until he was 3-years old. I could probably write pages, and pages about the Flip `n Play Table, because it was so well loved, and the developmental qualities are endless. I emphasized the word "baby" in the first sentence of the review, because I think the age recommendation could easily be altered to 9-months and up. William was 8-months old when he received this table at Christmas, and he needed very little introduction. He played with the spinning sphere with beads, and the clock with spinning hands, because developmentally he wasn't able to do the other activities. The sphere rattles and makes lots of noise, which always entertains little ones. The phone, and the button that makes choo choo sounds were early favorites too. We didn't use the leg supports for probably 3-months; because William wasn't walking yet, and I was concerned he might fall forward. Once he was steady on his feet, the leg support went on and he would stand, or kneel up to the toy. Then, when he started climbing, he'd climb right inside the bin with all the blocks, and play. It was the cutest thing, although, I had to put a stop to that because I wasn't comfortable with him being 13" off the floor even though we have carpeting. I'd take the legs off the table, and he'd climb in the bin while it rested on the floor. He was just as happy that way, and I didn't have to worry about him falling.", 5.0
"Once he understood that the lever activated the train, he was in heaven. It makes a loud winding sound, which startled him at first, but then he enjoyed the noise. We'd wind the track time, and time again. At about that time he started playing with the shape sorter too. Unlike other shape sorters, this one requires you sort the shapes properly. There are only three shapes, a circle, a square, and a triangle so it's rudimentary. I think the last activities that my son was able to do was flip the book, and manipulating the rotary dial. He didn't stack the blocks for quite some time either. He'd play with the blocks, mostly twirl them on the floor, and bang them together. He was almost 2 before he started stacking, and building with the blocks. On his first birthday, I added a supplementary set, the Light `N Sound Circus Train, which really added to the play value of this toy. It gave him more blocks to stack, and since there's no stacking order, the designs are endless.", 5.0
"I'm especially satisfied with the performance of the Flip `n Play Table. It's extremely durable, and easy to care for as well. I've placed the bin, the legs, and the blocks in the dishwasher without concern. Due to the mechanisms, the tabletop should be cleaned with a damp cloth. Chicco make exceptional toys that are developmental yet, fun. I highly recommend this plaything, and the Chicco line of products.", 2.0
"It's got bells--and whistles! Plays train sounds and the clack clack bell sound of a train crossing. You wind up the track for the train manually, put the train on it and away you go. I LOVE the fact that this toy is not a battery-eater like most of his others, and that it does double duty as a block-building table, too! Alex at 17 months still plays with this; we got it for him at 9 1/2 months. He loves to take the top off and sit in it, or sit on the floor on his knees in front of it and use the inside area for a little table to eat a snack off of. He has his own table and chairs, but sometimes he prefers to use this. THERE ARE NO SONGS THAT PLAY, AND NONE WERE ADVERTISED, despite a previous reviewers comments. There are two versions of this table available--this one, and the so-called new, improved, electronic, musical version, which I think pales in comparison to this original. Who needs one more musical toy that does everything but allow the kid to use their imagination and play? Not me! And if you want a good old-fashioned toy, that your kid will love for a long time and that will stand up to that type of use, get this. You'll be glad you did. I only wish I could find more of the plastic blocks that come with this by themselves, rather than in playsets that are sold separately", 5.0
"My 15 mo old grandson was not interested in this toy, except to pull the top part off (which does not attach in any way, just lays down on top of the table). The blocks are too advanced for his age, and the train only makes a hoot sound-no songs as advertised. Money down the drain. Too low to sit a childs chair up to it as the picture show", 4.0
"I GOT THIS FOR MY SON WHEN HE WAS 1 YR.  HE IS NOW 4, BUT HIS YOUNGER SISTER USED IT AS WELL.  BOTH KIDS LOVED THIS TOY.  THEY THROUGHT THE TRAIN W/TRAIN WHISTLE WAS TOO COOL.  THEY LOVED BEING ABLE TO STACK THE BLOCKS ON THE TABLE, AND THE STORAGE BELOW WAS GREAT FOR MOM AND DAD.  THERE ARE PLENTY OF GAGETS TO ENTERTAIN THEM.  WE JUST GOT RID OF IT SINCE MY DAUGHTER IS ABOUT TO TURN 3.  DEFINITLEY GOT MY MONEY'S WORTH", 1.0
"I use Countdown in my remedial math classes to help reinforce basic math facts. The kids love to play. We have even changed the rules to suit the needs we have. One of my students loves the game so much, she had me order one for her. When my students walk in and beg to play Countdown, I know I have a winner. They have no idea how much thinking and math they're doing. It's a great game for all ages", 1.0
"This is a compact, easy to use game. It is not for anyone who already has basic math skills.  I bought it to help  my eleven year old son improve his and I when I received it I realized it was geared more for first time math students.  I ended up giving it to my grandchildren who are 6 and 4.  It is more age appropriate for them", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old son and found that my 4 year old was also very into playing it.  This game is very well made and it is easy for them to play on their own.  For now, we just add and have recently started subtracting.  When we move on we will add the multiplication and division, which is great for this game, you can go at your own pace and it will be fun for many years!", 5.0
"This is definitely worth every cent!", 4.0
"I purchased this game so that I could help my 7 year old  son practice his math.  All I can say is WOW!  This game makes math so much fun.  I played the game with my 7 and 5 year old boys over and over again this afternoon.  The games go pretty fast and are so much fun.  They didn't want to stop!  This will definately be a regular game for us!", 5.0
"I am a mathematics educator.  I recommend this toy to parents and schools regularly.  It provides practice in a very creative manner.", 5.0
"This is the biggest wagon I could find. For me it seemed the best, as it would fit three kids (then 1,3,5) or two kids and beachgear (including shovels, chairs, food, parasol). The good thing is: it does! Downside: it is so big, that it is not easy to handle for kids and sometimes even heavy for adults ('big turn-circle'). I would say: if you buy it for transportation it is ok, if you look for a wagon for the kids to play with: buy a smaller version", 5.0
"My wife and I wanted to get a Radio Flyer for our 4 month old son for Christmas, but we wanted only the best so it could grow with him. I researched this alot. This is the largest wagon Radio Flyer makes. The bottom and sides are all wooden construction and the siderails are removeable by just lifting up on them (although a thight fit). We though Wesley would like the ability to take the sides off as little boys love to disassemble things. This wagon also has pneumatic (air up) tires, and it came with the tires inflated. We had it put together in about 30 minutes from opening the box, although I did have a cordless drill with a phillips attachment to run the screws in. All of the holes are pre drilled and instructions are very easy. We found that there are no stores in the Dallas/Fort Worth area that carried this wagon. RF makes a wagon with a metal base and wooden siderails, but the sides are bolted onto it and not easily removable without tools--we didn't want that one. We were also disappointed in Wal-Mart and Target because they only carried plastic wagons with seats and drink holders in our area...we wanted a real wagon. Anyway, Amazon came through with the product we wanted, at significantly lower cost that other online stores at the time (we paid $119, while several places had the same wagon for $150-199) and delivered it in great shape. As for our 4 month old...for now we prop him up on some pillows in the wagon and he loves being pulled around...but I'm sure this wagon will still be fun when he is 10 years old", 4.0
"The young boy loves it. He pushes it now but his father will soon show him how to pull it.", 5.0
"THey take ot to the school and ride it around.", 5.0
"Great Buy", 5.0
"My daughter loves riding in her wagon. It's also easy for her grandparents to take her around the neighborhood and around the backyard", 1.0
"We love this wagon and use it instead of a stroller at the beach, park, zoo, etc.  We also got a great deal for it at Costco---$74.99!!", 4.0
"My husband and I purchased this wagon for our son's first birthday and have been very pleased with it. There's plenty of room in it for my son to ride in as well as items we may need for the excursion. The wagon rides smoothly and easily over bumpy terrain. Since our family loves the outdoors, this was an ideal pick and we are happy with the purchase", 4.0
"I purchased an ATW CargoWagon for my two great grandchildren and it was an INSTANT SUCCESS!!  It is sturdy, had nice, large tires and is EXACTLY what I hoped it would be.  This was a true succcess story of ordering on AMAZON.  Thank you.  -  Chervyl Barto", 5.0
"I love TY Digits. He is an incredibly adorable and huggable stuffed monkey. He makes a great present for any young child (or stuffed animal-loving adult). I have yet to come across a child or anyone for that matter, who sees him and doesn't want to immediately touch him or hold him. His hair is very soft. Make sure you do no machine wash him (follow the care instructions) or else his hair will knot up and become nappy causing him to look thin and malnourished. I have had this happened to the first Digits that I purchased (I own three).  In my opinion, Ty Digits is by far the best animal in the entire TY Collection. A close second is Dangles of the Ty Pluffies Collection.", 5.0
"The whole TY series is very appealing for a variety of reasons.  For example, the animals are well-designed and invariably cute.  They are also just the right size for small children and they make good little presents for adults who like stuffed animals, but that don't want a lot of big bulky ones lying around.  In other words, they make nice romantic gifts for Christmas, Valentine's Day, etc.", 5.0
"Another BIG plus of this line of plush toys is the incredible softness.  They are very cuddly and they also seem to stand up well.  If you are giving one of these to a small child, it won't fall apart overnight and the nap of the material should stay in good shape for a while.", 5.0
"I have received a number of these as a gift over the years and although I don't keep all of them lying around, they bring back pleasant memories.  I have also given several as gifts and I have never come across anyone who has been disappointed.", 5.0
"While these stuffed animals are on the expensive size for what they are.  I feel they are a good value for the money.  While you can get less expensive products, I think you will find they don't measure up to the TY line", 4.0
"helped my one year old not only associate animal sounds with the right animals but also use the puzzle. highly recommended", 4.0
"My parents had purchased this puzzle at a children's boutique a few hours from home.  We discovered once it was open that the sounds did not work.  I was disapointed because there was no chance that we would drive back to return it.  Instead I called the 1-800 Melissa and Doug number and described the issue to the person on the phone.  They were very nice and appologized for the problem.  They shipped us a new puzzle at no cost.  Great Customer Service!!!  The new puzzle works great and my 18 month old loves it.  She has learned all the sounds and it really keeps her entertained better than a "regular" puzzle", 1.0
"Bought this for our 15 month old son. He loves it! Really enjoys the animal sounds and has learned them quickly...esp. the dog! No trouble with the battery compartment opening or with noise distortion...but the animal sounds are a little interesting! But, BEWARE...am agreeing with a previous review...when you turn out the lights, any open puzzle spot will sound! Might give you a slight scare or might wake up your sleeping child!", 4.0
"Otherwise, a really nice learning toy", 4.0
"I love this.  This keeps my daughter entertained for awhile.  She loves the sounds it makes & has learned to associate the noice with the animal.  I highly recommend this puzzule", 5.0
"We gave this to our granddaughter(who will be 2 years old on September 20th)at her birthday party yesterday and she likes it alot.The screw for the battery compartment is fairly small,but we had no trouble getting it open using a small Phillips head screwdriver.The puzzle itself is thick and looks to be durable,the pictures are well done and the sounds are fairly decent", 5.0
"We purchased the puzzle for our 2 year old niece.  It was the hit of the birthday party!  Highly recommend for a toddler if you want to give a unique gift", 5.0
"We got one of these as a gift, and couldn't get the back panel for the batteries to open.  Tried using a small philips screwdriver, a safety pin, etc., and it simply would not open.  The lack of sound was disappointing, though our child still liked the pretty puzzle.  We got another battery-activated Melissa & Doug toy that was also a failure -- the "Vehicle Sound Block" toy that is supposed to make the sounds of the vehicles when the blocks are lined up correctly.  We could get the batteries in, but the toy simply didn't work.  No sound, no nothin.'  This company seems to do well with plain wood toys, but when they branch out into electronics, the products are fairly shoddy.  I plan to avoid their products in the future", 1.0
"We purchased the Pony Place for our three year old granddaughter for Easter.  She spotted it in the Fisher-Price catalogue in March and put it on her birthday list.  It wasn't readily available however in the stores at that time.  When we saw it just before Easter,  we couldn't resist since she had been hoping and hoping for it.  When she got it along with the pony playsets,  she was so excited.  It wasn't long before adults and children realized that this could be a very frustrating toy.  None of us, from three to seventy, could keep the riders on their saddles.  This was quickly solved by putting clear velcro on the saddles and the riders,  I'm hoping fisher-price will make this cheap addition or make the figures so they snap into the saddles firmly.  Otherwise, it is a lot of fun to have in addition to the other fisher-price Dora and Diego toys.  It can lead to very imaginative play and the grooming aspect is great for toddlers who hate to have their own hair combed", 5.0
"when i received my item, everything was there and in good conditio", 1.0
"They must be selling this GO board and stones at a loss to get people interested in the game. Deals like this don't last for long so just get it. You won't be sorry. The board is well crafted and the stones are great. This would be a good buy at three times the price.", 4.0
"Despite the fact that this item is described as a "set", and the picture shows stones on the board, this board comes with no stones.  When my board arrived, the top of the board had rubbed against the cardboard box enough to partially wear away the grid on the board, at least to the point where the item is unsuitable as a gift", 4.0
"And I think we will give them 5 stars.  It is true that they are very similar to some of the other products out there, but they are LITTLEST PET SHOP toys which are a huge rage right now.  Pluses:  The keychain attachment seems to be pretty sturdy.  I've had it hooked to my [...] coat for a couple of days now and he hasn't pulled it apart.  He doesn't "get" all the pet combing and stuff yet, but he really likes to push the buttons, watch the screen and hear the music.  Another great plus, the volume is a very good level - loud enough to hear, but NOT so loud as to drive Mom nutzo.", 1.0
"It seems like Hamster and Monkey are probably the most rare - hard to find around here.  There are tons of Dogs and Kitties available", 5.0
"While the Littlest Pet Shop toys are cute, this electronic version is just a knock off of the Tamagotchi.", 4.0
"My kids got this as a present, and we assembled it, stuck in the batteries, poured in some Midnight Moo chocolate syrup, and sat back to watch the fountain.  The screw turned, but nothing happened.  Then I looked at it a little more closely.  The fountain's mechanism is an Archimedian screw, and it seemed to me like the screw was turning backwards.  After some experimentation, I have now figured out what went wrong.  There's a big orange flower-pot shaped thing containing the motor sitting on top of a yellow base containing the batteries.  The orange piece is completely symmetric, and it will fit on the yellow base equally well either forwards or backwards (there's an almost invisible arrow that's supposed to tell you which way it goes).  If you put it on backwards, the positive and negative terminals of the batteries are connected to the wrong wires in the motor, the screw turns the wrong way, and the fountain doesn't work. And the instructions don't help much.  The trouble shooting tips say "make sure it is assembled correctly."  They don't say "make sure the arrows on the yellow and orange pieces are aligned, because it doesn't work if they're not."", 5.0
"I haven't tried it with thick chocolate, but judging from the other comments, it seems like the motor is too weak for it to work with chocolate thick enough to be worth dipping.  And it's clearly pretty cheaply made.  But it should work.  If it doesn't, put the orange piece on the other way around.", 1.0
"My 5-Yr old granddaughter just LOVED it!  It was the highlight of her birthday party.  Seemed to work fine", 5.0
"Like many of you, my 7 year old wanted this for Christmas.  What a waste of money.  I had the hardest time assembling it.  The middle funnel which is suppose to pump the chocolate kept popping up, squirting syrup everywhere.  What a big mess.  And the syrup that you have to use, which we use to make chocolate milk, does not taste good with pretzels and other salt items.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because my daughter still loves to play with it.", 5.0
"This has got to be the worst toy we've ever bought.  My four year old wanted it very badly for Christmas and was extremely disappointed when it didn't work.  We let him dip marshmallows in the chocolate syrup and then threw the whole mess away.  I will think twice before spending my money with this company again.", 5.0
"My 6 year old son wanted the chocolate fountain as soon as he saw the advertisement on television....not knowing it uses chocolate syrup instead of real chocolate.  He used it once and has not asked to use it again. As for me, the cleanup was no picnic either. It has to be disassembled for cleanup and chocolate syrup goes into nooks and crannies not submergible in water....I was not impressed", 5.0
"This product is not good for children.  The product will only take chocolate syrup. It will not take any other type.  Plus the chocolate does not come up and over the top like the picture. The children have to scrap their food over the plastic sides", 5.0
"My daughter was so excited to try this.  After putting it together, pouring the syrup in, and turning it on, nothing happened.  The screw in the middle was turning but the chocolate was not going anywhere.  After several attempts to fix it (having to pour the chocolate in and out of the thing, and cleaning it each time)I put it back in the box and got my money back", 4.0
"My child loved this gift, however, the lightbulb went out almost immediately and I cannot find a replacement anywhere!", 5.0
"everybody said erasing is very difficult, but it is easy and very clean if you guys move the erasing bar slowly.... really it works very well, my kid does not have problem erasing it... she knows very well...", 4.0
"the projector arm is little shakey....", 5.0
"I just took this toy out of the box for my 3 year old son.  I had to swipe the "eraser" back and forth about 8 times for the image on the screen to erase.  It is now back in the box and ready to go back to the store.  Don't waste your time or your money!", 5.0
"Our daughter received this for Christmas 2005, and we couldn't wait to open it for her.  It is very easy to assemble, and the first time you write on the board it's great.  When you try to erase your art, it won't erase!  The magnetic board is cheaply made, and absolutely will not completely erase, no matter how many times you swipe the eraser bar.  We were VERY disappointed with this item, and would recommend that if you are considering this toy for your child, you should pass.  Get them a Magna Doodle instead, those work wonderfully", 5.0
"When I saw this toy at ToysRus, I thought the concept was really cute.  My 3 year old completely wore out his magna doodles, so he got this a few days ago for Christmas.  I was really disappointed because the erasing takes at least 15 strikes back and forth, and even then it does not clear the board completely.  The concept was good, it's kind of like an overhead projector and the little disc that you can trace.  Crayola has been around for many, many years.  I thought with the name and their history for putting out good items for kids who love to draw, they really missed the mark on this one.  If they had done a little more research, this product could have been great.  I am really disappointed", 5.0
"We use this game to practice pretend skills with our 4 and 2 year olds. They both love it, and their pretend abilities are developing beautifully as a result of playing this game. It's a fun game for little ones, with no reading required. I'd highly recommend it", 5.0
"This game is great for eveyone in the family.  Adults will have just as much fun as the children.  Our 3 year old grandchild really loved playing the game and she was able to keep up with her 5 1/2 year old sister.  Lots and lots of fun", 5.0
"One of my 4th graders gave me this game for Christmas to play with my 3-yr-old son. I was a bit apprehensive because I thought my son was too young to play this type of game.  Boy, was I wrong!  We play this every afternoon after school, and several times on the weekend.  Some of the verb cards are more difficult, but he is learning as we go what things are and how to best "show" what they are.  I highly recommend this game and plan on buying several for upcoming birthdays", 5.0
"I got this for my 4 and 5 1/2 year olds.  It's a simple chase game, but after each move you act something out.  The acting has nothing to do with the goal of the game.  The acting would be fun, but my 4 year old wasn't interested in acting out the card.  Instead, he always acted out a plane.  My 5 1/2 year old didn't have the refinement in her movement for anyone to guess what she was doing.  There are only 6 game pieces, and really no reason they had to be choking hazards.  Since they truly are, I have to keep my 1 year old far away.  The quality is poor.  The cards are flimsy.  Maybe 6 or 7 year olds would have the motor skills...but would they have the interest", 5.0
"I purchased this game a few years ago.  My 7 year old daughter still loves this game and it has become a favorite game for my 5 year old son.  The nice thing about this game is that there is no winner.  The game play continues until all players have reached the finish", 2.0
"We bought this game five years ago for our then 3 yr old son. Not only was it his favorite game, but it is now the favorite game of his little brother, who is four. In fact, he even plays it with his imaginary friend! The game is basically charades for kids who can't read yet. It's relatively non competitive. On each turn, a player spins the spinner, advances the number of spaces to a colored spot on the board, draws a card of the same color, then has to act out whatever picture is on the card (a bird, a flower...). It is great fun to play with your child-- hilarious what they come up with to "act out" on their turn. (Imagine a 3 yr old acting out a refrigerator!) Frequently we have to cheat and look at the card while they are acting, to make sure we can figure out what they are doing. Our whole family enjoys playing this with the little ones", 5.0
"I had this game when I was younger, so I bought it for my 10 year old daughter who loves games.  She loves it!  My other daughters play it as well, and the youngest is 5 and plays it easily.  They have so much fun playing the game that they really don't mind who wins, which is rare with my competitive ones", 5.0
"The good King is looking for someone to take over the Throne as he has no children.  He has decided to ask people to locate magic treasure to prove their worth.", 4.0
"The board is made up of twisting and branching paths that lead from the village, through the forest, and into the castle.  Cards are used to determine what the King is looking for.  The card has a scene from a popular fairy tale and a picture of the desired object.  Players move their pieces through the forest looking for trees.  Each of the tree pieces has a treasure hidden under it.  Players landing on a tree get to secretly look at the treasure.  Once they know where the desired treasure is, they can head to the castle to tell the King.  The first player to successfully find three desired treasures wins the game.", 5.0
"Magic can also be used in the game.  On certain rolls of the dice, players can teleport to any tree of their choosing, go to the castle gate, or randomly change the desired treasure card.  Movement is a little different than in most games.  Two dice are used but they are not added.  For instance, a roll of a 5 and a 4 can get you nine spaces along but it can also get you five spaces in one direction and four in another.  In this way a 4 and a 5 can be used to move one space.  Thus subtraction skills become as important as addition skills.  While my two kids love the game (ages four and seven) it has elements that make it palatable to the adult as well.  Check it out", 4.0
"The Enchanted Forest was my favorite game as a child, and I can still vividly remember it as an adult. The illustrations and board design have an old-world, &quot;once-upon-a-time&quot; feeling, and the wooden playing  pieces enhance the fairy tale image. I thought that I would never again see  this unique game, and I am thrilled that it is still available. Buy this  game and you, too, will be enchanted", 5.0
"I am a child psychologist, and this game has been a fixture in my office for 15 years.  It promotes concentration and working memory, imagination, and a fun competitiveness devoid of aggression.  What I find helpful is  that the rules of the game are easily adapted to suit different age groups.    An outstanding game", 2.0
"My daughter has loved this game since she was six years old. The craftsmanship of the game itself is beautiful. The game-pieces and the little trees are wooden, and the illustrations are of the old-fashioned  fairytale variety, very intricate and colourful. The cards are good,thick  cardboard and will stand up to years of use. It looks like a very old game  that one would find in an attic trunk. Winning depends on such a variety of  strategy, memory, and just plain luck that a combination of ages can play  concurrently and feel equally challenged. I recommend The Enchanged Forest  highly. It is a feast of colours, a delight to behold and touch, and it  provides good mental exercise.What more could you ask", 4.0
"Very cute, kids love this.  Let the kids take it apart, but they broke some of the dresses =(  My girls were 4 - 7 when they received this", 4.0
"My three and six-old daughters received this as a gift and have enjoyed it very much. Fortunately, there are two dolls so each can play with one...no fighting! I find the dolls to be quite durable with plenty of variety on outfits for them to wear. The set is well worth the price, and I hightly recommend it", 4.0
"I bought this for my 5 year old "princess" for a week-long trip to grandma's house.  She loved dressing the dolls up in the various outfits.  We've been back from our trip for weeks and she still plays with it all the time.  It may not be very educational, but she has a lot of fun playing with it", 5.0
"I bought these for my son when he was a little over three months old... just about the age when he was starting to grab.  They're perfectly sized for baby's hands to explore.  The variety of textures on the toys seemed to fascinate him, and he loved to swing them back and forth, suck on them, and play with them while in his car seat.  His fave is the elephant -- great for distracting him for a few minutes!  It's also handy that you can attach to them to a baby gym, but frankly, I rarely did; they are handy in the diaper bag for when we travel, or (now that he's creeping), roll-around-the-floor time.", 1.0
"They've held up well and now -- at nearly 7 months old -- my son still thoroughly enjoys them", 1.0
"I bought Tiny Love Trio along with some other toys for 3 months old", 4.0
"grand niece. Parents were very happy with the toy.It is pleasing to the eyes and safe for the child", 2.0
"Cole loved  the monkey and we brought it with us most places. We watched these to his Gymini and he liked to play with them as much as he could. I think they could have done a bit more but they are one of the best out there", 5.0
"I am so glad I bought these toys. I hang the monkey and the elephant in her carseat and she just loves them. She falls asleep holding onto a monkey's leg. These toys are great too because when she was smaller I hung them on her playmat and she would entertain herself for long periods of time. She is now 6 1/2 months old and still loves them. Definately worth every penny", 5.0
"Bought these for my son before he was even born and glad I did. My son loved these since shortly after he came home from the hospital and they weren't the kind of toys that he was over in a month (which I love). First I would just show them to him and as he grew I would also attach them to his play gym, his crib, his stroller, his swing, then when he started teething he would chew on the flower and as he grew he just loved shaking them and making all the crinkling sounds and feeling the different textures. At about 18 months we finally gave these to my son's cousin (my neice who is 4 months) who also just loves them - it was more me that didn't want to part with them (all his little things I find hard to part with:) These are a great buy, very well made and last a long time, they are STILL in perfect condition and it's almost 2 years since I bought them", 5.0
"I recieved these as a shower gift and my son loves them!  They are easy for him to grab while he's playing on his tummy and they are perfect to hook onto the diaper bag or the carrier when we're out of the house.  Now, at 4 months, he loves chewing on the elephant's trunk", 4.0
"Our daughter absolutely loves these toys. We hang them from a mobile and they entertain her for hours. She especially loves the little monkey, but she will play with all of them. We take the monkey with us whenever we travel", 5.0
"Our baby loves these toys!  From the time he was just under 3 months, he has been attached to the pink monkey.  It's his favorite, although he plays with the other two regularly as well.  He's nearly 6 months now, and they are still his favorite toys", 5.0
"Our six month old son loves these toys.  He has the Tiny Love mat with the arches, but the arches scare him when he is playing on the mat.  I took the little toys off of the arches and he loves them...so I bought more.  These are his security toys and they go everywhere with him.  They are easy to wash in a sink with water and a little soap and dry fairly quickly.  He is very picky with his toys but loves the Tiny Love toys", 5.0
"My daughter started playing with these toys around 3 months old.  They are designed to latch onto anything-car seat, swing, bouncy chair, crib.  In the early months she would focus on the contrasting colors.  At 4 months she would concentrate on grasping the toys.  And, now at 5 months, she's learned to shake the toys and put them in her mouth.  She uses them as teething aids and they seem to keep her attention.  We take them where ever we go.  And since they attatch to everything-I just connect them to the diaper bag strap so they dont take up any extra space in my bag!", 5.0
"The slides viewed well under our microscope.  They were clearly labeled as well and came in a secure case without any broken pieces.  They are truly fascinating.  Some of the tiny animals, however, we were not familiar with.  An additional information sheet of what the animals were and where they lived would be beneficial for teaching", 4.0
"We bought this for our 1 yr old and he loves it. It is very easy for him to control and it moves easily over carpet. My 3 1/2 yr old loves to play with it too. The great benefit for me is it is that the siren is not too loud", 5.0
"My little cousin had a great time with his truck. He found it easy to use the remote.  Be aware that the truck's siren is engaged when it moves.  Not overly loud -- it will not wake up the neighbors, but it makes a bit of noise. It does not seem to have a method to shut off the siren -- other than shut off the truck", 4.0
"This has two buttons, turn and forward.  My 1.5 yr old shows some interest in the toy, we'll see if it gets more interesting as time goes on.  The range is limited to maybe 15-20 feet.  The fire engine sounds happen quite frequently and it is quite noisy, but nothing a little bit of tape over the speaker won't cure.", 5.0
"It seems pretty durable, both the control and the firetruck have been dropped  quite a number of times and have not broken yet", 5.0
"Anyone who has seen these trains on display at the bookstore or toy store probably has realized their durability.  They hold up, kids (all ages!) love them, and even parents too!  Another feature I like--the names written on the bottom (my kids just couldn't believe I hadn't memorized the trains' names like they had!  Now I can just lift the train up!).  They are cute, the kids can act out storylines from the books or movies, and they are going to last for a long time--most likely passed down to next generation", 5.0
"How can you have Thomas and not Percy!?!  With his infectious grin, gentle nature, and cheerful green color Percy has nearly as many adventures as Thomas.  [It is not that  Percy has an adventurous spirit.  Percy is happy just shuttling cars in the Yard.  It's just that adventure just seems to find him.]  He gets covered with dirt, coal dust, rocks (in a landslide), and delectable chocolate (my favorite story--lol).  He also has run-ins with Chinese Dragons, Jack Frost, Dirty Diesels, and troublesome trucks, etc.", 5.0
"Five Stars.  For the Thomas crowd I would think Percy would be a necessity because he is at the center of many an adventure.  Certainly he is my own son's second favorite Steamie.  Typical sturdy construction.  Percy is a nearly always a happy little Steamie that is lots of fun to play with.", 5.0
"Most of my trains are pretty old except for the new ones but Percy really hasn't had any scratches and i've had him for nine years. His magnet is still there and it's in working order. Percy is one of everyone's favorite engines and this one is a great buy", 5.0
"My son is a big fan of Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends.  His favorite is Percy.  He takes his Percy trains with him wherever he goes (to bed, in the car, around the house, etc.).  We even bought an extra for him just in case he loses one of them.  If your children love Thomas (and what toddler doesn't?), I do have a piece of advice--get duplicates of the trains.  You never know if one will get lost, or forgotten!  I got doubles of most of the trains, Percy included, and it can be a real lifesaver when one gets lost or left behind", 5.0
"My son has several Thomas trains, and he really likes Percy.  He has a warm smiling face, and the colors are very vivid.  The construnction is very durable, which makes for hours of fun.  The magnets are strong and enable Percy to pull several other cars.  All of the toys of the Thomas collection are excellent choices for young children. They will surely enjoy this fun toys", 1.0
"Can't say enough good things about the Thomas & friends line of toys.  They are durable and fun.  NO BATTERIES!  It allows your child to us their imagination.  Thomas is pure FUN", 5.0
"My nephew sleeps with Percy, baths with Percy, eats with Percy...well you get the idea.  All the Thomas the Tank Engine toys are good developmentally for small children because of their colors, size, and possiblities.  The player is never limited to just one thing to do, like with normal trains.  They have personality and you learn to love them", 5.0
"Our daughter loves to play dress up. I bought these for $5.00 on clearance and bought extra for the other little girls we know that like dress up also. Ours do not smell...but I know that skunky smell that some reviewers have mentioned but from Happy Meal Toys from McDonalds.", 5.0
"We are getting a lot of enjoyment out of ours...with no smells!!", 5.0
"I bought these shoes for my 4 yr. old daughter because she really wanted them.  When we got home & opened them I could not believe the smell!!!!!!!  I too thought the smell would go away but the smell is very strong & I think it would take a long time for that to happen.  They are very cute shoes & I want to return them because when I woke up this morning the whole downstairs stunk like those shoes!!  My daughter is so upset so now I'm in search of a different Cinderella shoe.  I can't believe that they would make a shoe out of this material especially for small children!  I wish I would have read these reviews before I purchased them but it was not a "planned" purchase", 5.0
"I bought these for a 4 year old girl, they are way too small, she can't even put her foot in them, they are hard plastic and don't strech, they are being returned today, should have a size range listed to avoid thi", 4.0
"I recently purchased these for my 4 1/2 year old daughter- she loves them!! We travelled to Florida for Thanksgiving and she wore them the entire time (they were a little big but she did not care). She wore them to the airport, to dinner etc.... We received many comments on how cute they were.", 5.0
"Did not notice any odor at all.", 4.0
"My 3 year old daughter LOVES these shoes. Not only do they match the Disney Cinderella dresses perfectly, but she also loves to carry them around on the pillow. What a great idea..", 5.0
"I purchased these slippers for my 4-year old daughter to go with her halloween costume. She wears a toddler 9-1/2 shoe. The slippers are too big, but it doesn't stop her from wearing them. She wore them to three Halloween events without a problem. She has also worn them for about an hour almost every day for the last month, and they still look good, even after being outside. Obviously, they are a big hit.", 5.0
"I have not noticed a smell like some of the other reviewers. Hopefully that was just a bad batch", 4.0
"I received these shoes "Free" from a promotional when purchasing other Cinderella items. I wish I had not. These slippers emit such a strong, odorous, skunk-like smell that whatever room they are in stinks like a skunk. Of course my 4 year old daughter likes them and they are sturdy and light up, so whoa is me - I can't get rid of them (yet). No wonder they were free, I would want to get rid of all of them too. I hope the manufacturer will reconsider using that type of plastic in future toys.", 2.0
"My daughter is 30 months old and wears a size 6 shoe.  There's still room to adjust the skates.  It comes with elbow and knee pads too.  The wheels roll freely but she can walk in them.  I hold her hands while we roll.  A helmet would be nice to add", 5.0
"My 3 year old came to me with a screw and 2 other pieces. I figured it came from a toy but could not figure out which toy. Then today she comes to me with her skate in 2 pieces. Then it hit me which toy the loose screws were from. I also have a 10 and a half month old who crawls around on the floor and puts things in his mouth. I can only imagine what might have happened if my 3 yr old did not give me the screws from her skate.", 5.0
"Anyway, she can't skate with them on. She falls every five seconds. This product is very unsafe and should be recalled", 5.0
"very durable product, but not good for children just learning to skate and don't know how to use the stopper to stop when skating.  My daughter could not be let go to skate on her own", 5.0
"My daughter was so excited to finally have a pair of skates. She wears a size 8 1/2 shoe and the skates would not fit over her sneakers. We were finally able to pry her foot into the skate with an old pair of shoes. The wheels are cheap and made of a slick plastic which made them slip and slide all over the place. These skates are very dangerous. Don't waste your money", 5.0
"I like this Bratz game. It has many games to play that are fun enough for the older ones(4-5) but still easy enough for my youngest (3). A good choice for little Bratz fans", 5.0
"For the price, this game is a must.  I've had endless hours of fun playing with my little sister and the rest of my family.  What's great is that after each question, a clip from a spongebob episode is played, which provides the answer.  This not only brings back memories of that specific show but also allows you to sing or quote along.  It does repeat questions every now and then but I guess with every game like this, that's inevitable", 5.0
"the game was pretty good, but as a kid, the competition was basicly who could read faster. the questions apear on the screen and they don't read it out loud. I played with my friends and I thought I was going to do great because I watch spongebob 24/7 but my friends beat me because they read faster and answered the question first.", 5.0
"this is so much fun for the whole family.  We couldn't stop laughing and having a good time. i recommend it", 5.0
"We have really enjoyed the Fact or Fishy Game.  Even members of the family that HATE Sponge BoB LOVE the game.  It's simple to set up, easy to learn, and fun to play", 4.0
"My entire family loves this game.  Every answer is an actual clip from an episode, not a dry text answer.  Eventually you start to see repeat questions, but that doesn't happen for a long while.  The game mechanics are quite simple which is fine--the fun is answering the questions anyway.  We played this a lot, and the kids usually beat the grownups", 5.0
"when it was my cousins birthday i gave hi this because he loves spongebob he loved it", 5.0
"i thoroughly enjoy this game! it is fun, and sometimes, when i play it with my grandparents, they are absolutely amazed at how much information i know about sponge bob! if you don't have this game, i recommend it", 5.0
"We bought this game for my brother-in-law because he loves music trivia!  He loved and it an we opened it and played it right then.  We had a great time and it went pretty fast too.  I hate games that take hours to play and this was at just the right time limit", 5.0
"If your a BIG music fan and already know a lot about music this game will not challange you in the least.  I found that I enjoyed playing it but found that it was far to easy for me.  If your like me and enjoy a good challenge, this game isn't for you", 5.0
"I love playing board games.  Because my husband is visually impaired, he can't play a lot of the games that we enjoy on a more regular basis.  But man is he a music buff.  So when I ran across this game, I picked it up, and figured we would all get a kick out of it.", 5.0
"Well, all I can say is "Thank heavens for multiple choice!"  They really even out the playing field for those of us without the ear for detail.", 4.0
"While my husband knows much about the bands, the albums, all the rest of it, my sister and I are lucky to remember the lyrics.  But, instead of Michael being full steam ahead, we find that we are all on track and the games stay pretty close.  For all of us growing up in the 80s and 90s, we enjoy remembering songs and musicians that we grew up with, and learning interesting facts about them!", 4.0
"If we have one complaint, it's that there aren't enough spaces on the board.  It doesn't take too terribly long to play, less than 30 minutes, but we just play more games to make up for it.", 5.0
"The game is a lot of fun, kind of like watching "I Love the 80s/90s" on VH1.  Enjoy", 5.0
"We had the pleasure of playing FOR THE RECORD 80's-90's with some family and friends.  We played using teams to try to pool our knowledge.  The packaging and graphics are very well done.  It has a double-necked guitar game path covered with 80's-90's images. You feel like you've gone back in time.  The multiple choice format was very helpful as some of our memories aren't what they used to be.  One of the teams chose not to use the multiple choice answers on their turns for an extra challenge. The categories are "80's","90's", "Mosh Pit", "You're On Stage" and the toughest ones, "One Hit Wonder" and "Real Name".  We had fun because the game requires a mix of luck and skill.  The questions range from easy to very difficult, so there was something for everybody. Nobody felt left out!  We played three times that night averaging about 45-50 minutes per game (with alot of singing and air guitar thrown in).  Our place was rockin' and we can't wait to play again. WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!", 5.0
"I would give this product more stars if they were available :-) We bought this for her last month and it's her favorite thing in the whole world right now.  We actually have to move it from room to room so she can stare at herself and the lion almost continuously :-)  It's absolutely hysterical to watch her giggle, laugh, and talk to her reflection in the mirror... it's totally one of the best things I've ever bought", 5.0
"This mobile is the absolute best thing I've bought for the baby so far!!! He is 2 1/2 months old and has been in awe of the mobile since I bought it when he was only a few weeks old.  He laughs, smiles, giggles, talks, and just throughly enjoys his mobile and there have been many times I've taken it off the wall and just entertained him in another room with it. It doesn't match a thing in his room but I wouldn't change it for the world", 5.0
"My son is hilarious to watch as he stares, gives huge smiles, giggles, outright laughs, and talks to this lion.  He has been giggling at this mobile for the last 4 weeks (my son is now 3 months).  I have to say I get a kick out of watching him.  I don't have any other baby thing that prompts this kind of response", 4.0
"What a wonderful idea the baby loves it.  She has something to look at while changing her.  Awesome!!!!!", 5.0
"My 3 1/2 month old son is just starting to smile, but he doesn't smile at most toys.  This changing table mobile is the main exception.  He absolutely beams when he sees it dangling above his changing table, and he used to HATE getting changed there.  He even coos and giggles at the lion.  I would love to bring it with us everywhere...the lion must be magical to him!  Plus, it doesn't need batteries...YAY for that!", 5.0
"I had one of these with DS 4 years ago and LOVED it!!  I gave it away to a friend & had a hard time finding it again -- thank goodness for Amazon!!  This mobile was a lifesaver at changing time b/c it kept my son engaged & happy when he wasn't so happy getting changed.  Highly recommend!", 5.0
"It does what its supposed to do!  Wish it had come with more though", 5.0
"I love this product. We bought it for our 2 1/2 year old as I was looking for a way to integrate academic learning into our daily routine. I didn't want to make up alphabet cards or cut-out stencils and was having a hard time finding an all-in-one, customizable product that could help me teach her everything. When I found this, I was overjoyed. It's SO much fun.", 5.0
"The desk comes with a My First Leap Pad, a product well-reviewed in its own right, and a great Leap Pad book that has many activities, from a playable piano keyboard to interactive alphabet games to deductive reasoning exercises. I was sure the book would be lacking in some way, as a sort of built in incentive to buy more books (as this is one of those toys that demands a new cartridge/book accessory when your child gets bored), but this is not so. All of the games are endlessly re-playable and can be played in a variety of ways. This one book attempts to be comprehensive as an introduction to the system - it teaches math, reading, logic/reasoning, narrative structure, music, and encourages creativity. Even though I bought a pack of 6 extra different books on e-bay, I haven't opened any yet.", 5.0
"The desk itself is more than a simple gimmick on which to store the leap pad. It comes with a great set of 4 shape-stamps, a stamp pad and paper to stamp on, a full set of traceable letter-stencils (in thick durable plastic), and three different 'creativity sets' that let your child paint, marker and draw while learning to write letters and numbers, and recognize and draw shapes (among other things, I think). We have only opened one so far, and she loves it. The alphabet creativity pack comes with magic erase markers that you use to trace out letters and color pictures that illustrate the use of each letter. You can erase and re-trace forever onto the little alphabet book, which is great. I hate activity books that are single use because they do not allow children to practice the same skill repeatedly.", 1.0
"I also love that this product looks so great in a kid's room, as furniture. It makes my kid feel extra-big to have her own desk to 'work' on, and makes it easier to have her pay attention to the games/activities than if we were just sitting around. Alternatively, the Leap Pad itself is entirely portable, and can be taken and played with anywhere.", 5.0
"If you cannot find this product (look on e-bay, that's where I found mine), then purchase the My First Leap Pad instead. However, this desk is a great value and really enhances what can be done with the leap pad itself. I highly recommend it.", 5.0
"It is a really nice product for kids and I would recommend this to other parents as well", 4.0
"My [...] loves this desk.  He really works the book that came with the LeapPad, and loves to do his art at the desk now.  He usually wants to interact only with other people involved, but with this, he will focus so much at his desk, I dare not bother him.  I would have given it 5 stars, but the chair makes me worry a little.  He is pretty careful, but admittedly, the style of the chair makes it too easy to tip.  He hasn't tipped over, but parents should still keep this in mind.  I am very happy with this purchase", 4.0
"This set was so easy to put together and my [...] son helped me while he eagerly awaited to play with it!  Lots to keep him busy.  Leap products are always great and educational and this one is a bonus with the table, chair and bonus accessories", 5.0
"The table is great, and my daughter loves it! The chair is not "dangerous" - it could be a little more stable, but my [...] has yet to fall off it. Even if she did the thing is so small it's not much of a fall", 5.0
"My son loves this desk!  He's 3 and it's hard to keep his attention.  This desk does it", 4.0
"My kids love this.  Chair is not as big as I thought but nice...table and chair could be a little more stable but for the price and all that comes with it..it is a great buy", 4.0
"Brought this system for my nephew and we have no regrets.  He loves Spiderman, so we brought it to encourage him to read. The game system has not failed us to date.  He is not only reading, but still uses the system with other games to read also.  Great price and speedy delivery", 5.0
"You get a red and blue Spiderman Leapad complete with sampler book AND the Spiderman cartridge/book combo.  You should snap this one up before it becomes extinct!  Also, if you haven't read the review of the cartridge itself, the book is narrated by Stan "the Man" Lee!!!!", 5.0
"Our first foray into LeapFrog was when our oldest turned three. She both loved and learned from the My First LeapPad (ages 3 to 5) we got her. So when she turned four, my mother bought her the full-fledged LeapPad Learning System that you see here. According to the box in which it came, it is suppose to be age appropriate for kids 4 and up.", 4.0
"Compared to the My First LeapPad, my daughter finds this version for older kids more difficult to manage. Not so much the activities and learning activities, but rather the larger sized activity pad, activity books that are not as durable, cartridges that are more difficult for a four year-old-to handle, and basically a host of other small things.", 5.0
"So while my four-year-old will use this system when my wife and I (or other adult relatives) are around, on her own she prefers the My First LeapPad that she finds much more manageable as a four year old.", 4.0
"That being said, I still give it four stars because some of my daughter's friends, who are a year or two older than her, love this this system and handle it just fine. Also, month-by-month my daughter is starting to handle this system a lot better.", 5.0
"Anyway, if your child is over and four and you don't have the version for younger kids, it would probably be worth it to start them on this system. If you child is only three, however, get the My First LeapPad. And if you have the version for younger kids and are thinking up upgrading to this version, wait until your child has outgrown the first one.", 5.0
"My boys, ages 5 and 7, love this!  My 5 year old has been using it constantly, often spending an hour at a time with it.  A much better choice than TV or video games when you don't have time to spend reading a real book to them", 5.0
"My 4 year old was thrilled with this toy.  He can use it on a limited basis now and continue to enjoy it as he gets older.", 5.0
"It appears to be very sturdy and lets him develop reading readiness skills.  Plus, this is a Spider Man tie in product that exceeds most of the others on display in the stores", 4.0
"This is the first leap book that my son would read.  Although he likes the idea of Tad and the other creatures and will gladly sit and be read to for an hour, the 3 other books we have get maybe 5 minutes of his attention. This is the first one he will sit down and read/play by himself for 30 minutes or more (He is super hero obsessed).  I wanted the Superman one but after reading the reviews of it decided on this because it will read individual words and is more on his level (just 6 and starting 1st grade in the fall).  There are some great games that encourage visual distiction and have some really interesting facts about spiders and some good letter sound stuff too.  I love it, he loves it, and I wish they would do more comic based stuff as it goes over great here.", 5.0
"I was very disappointed when I received this toy and it did not work. I placed new batteries in the elmo and it worked for about an hour and then stopped working again. I returned the product and was then notified that they were no longer available so now I am elmo-less", 5.0
"Elmo is a very cute doll- he sings a cute song w/o the binky in his mouth and when the binky is in his mouth, he hums the same song.  It was a cute gift for my 2 year old, but the only flaw is that it is difficult to put the binky into his mouth and you almost have to squeeze his mouth to get it in his mouth.  It also falls out pretty easily also. It would be a cute toy for anyone who loves elmo, because the toy itself is very cute in appearance.", 5.0
"I got this Elmo for my granddaughter for her 1st birthday and she love i", 5.0
"I purchased Sing 'n Hum Elmo for my 21 month old grandson as a Christmas present.  I think it was his favorite present!  He loves it.  Although the attached pacifier was a bit hard to put back in Elmo's mouth at first, it seems to be easier now after playing with it.  Also, Elmo only sings one song.  My grandson doesn't seem to mind though!  Cute toy, sure to please any Elmo loving child", 5.0
"My son loves his Elmo.  I got this for him because he loves Elmo, and I also wanted to get him a "baby doll" that wasn't girly.  We ask him "Where's Baby?" and he knows Elmo as baby.", 5.0
"The best price was here on Amazon, especially with free super saving shipping.  TRU had it for about fifteen dollars.", 5.0
"This doll is nothing spectacular, very few bells and whistles, but it's a great little addition to your kid's Elmo collection and hopefully will become the baby of the house like it has ours.  My son is 2", 2.0
"My 3 year old daughter asked for a new "Mo - Mo" and we have purchased several in the past.  I was looking for one a little different and this one did it. It is so cute when you stick Elmo's passy in his mouth while he is singing. I found it quickly on Amazon without having to drive to a local toy store.....it was here within days and in GREAT condition.  I highly recommend this toy for all Elmo fans", 5.0
"This item is just wonderful.  I purchased it for my 5 month old grandson and he just LOVES it.  He did from the day he saw it.", 2.0
"It's just perfect, soft & cuddly and really cute", 5.0
"I was very pleased with the football notebook.  It was a Christmas present for my grandson.  He was very pleased with it", 5.0
"This swing was purchased for my 18 month old daughter.  She absolutly loves it.  She looks very comfortable, reclining at just the right angle.  She has in fact fallen asleep in this swing before!  Everytime we go outside she wants to swing.  The harness is very safe and makes me feel very good about her safety.  The ropes are also very strong and durable.  Thanks Step 2 for such a great product.  I highly recomend it to anyone with a young toddler", 1.0
"My 12 month old wants to get in the swing every time we go outside and has quite a fit if she can't. The 5 point harness is GREAT so that you can swing them high and know they are secure.  She is really enjoying it.", 5.0
"Afton's Mo", 5.0
"The shape of the swing, curved like a sling, makes my 2-year old son slide down.  He can't sit up straight and slides into a slouch.  In colder weather, when he is wearing more than a light jacket, the bulk of the jacket makes it impossible to even get him to stay in the swing.  Since there is no way for him to sit up straight and slide his rear end back (even without the jacket), he ends up right on the edge of the swing when wearing a jacket, with his body in basically a straight position which causes him to slide right off.  Plus, the harness straps are not very long when adjusted to their maximum, so with a heavier jacket they don't fit.  I'm not talking about a big child here either.  At 29 months, my son still only weighs 25 pounds.  I'm taking this off our swingset and getting a Little Tikes toddler swing", 4.0
"I love this swing!  It's easy to adjust, it fits my toddler perfectly, it attaches easily, it's contoured and large enough so that he's comfortable.  I've looked at other swings on the market and this is, in my estimation, the best bet.  We have two", 4.0
"We have thoroughly enjoyed this swing.  The 5 point harness is a definate plus, keeps everyone secured when they beg to "go higher mommy!", 4.0
"I bought this swing to put on the new variety climber swing set extension that we just bought.  My 7 month old and 22 month old fit perfectly in it.  When my best friends 20 month old boy came over to try out the new play set he just bairly fit.  He is not an overweight toddler, just tall and muscular.  There is no way a bigger kid would fit.  So I am going tomorrow to buy the little tykes high back toddler chair for our bigger guests.  One really nice feature about this chair is that it has a 5 point harness belt.  That is really comforting.  I really feel that my babies are safe sitting in it.", 5.0
"We love the racing around one, but they do sell other versions, like dinosaurs and other ones.  This thing floats and holds other toys on it and is the best bath toy we have had and we had many since this is my fourth kid and oldest is now almost 13!  It is shaped to accommodate the body in the middle when its in front of you.  Bath after bath it still looks new.  The squirt toys are better than most.  My problem with squirt toys is when you don't get all the liquid out, you get slime with the liquid when it finally comes out, and it gets the kids upset to see this in the tub.  These do better than most.  It covers transportation in general, but no trains, just police and fire vehicles and stations and airport and boat.  This was for a 2 yr old.  He asked where the train was, not sure why no train.  I would buy these for gifts.  The price is reasonable.  Even my 7 year old wants to use", 4.0
"My three year old grandson loves his bath and loved his toy.  Great", 2.0
"I bought these for my 2 and 3-year old sons who love cars and trucks. It's a great alternative to the usualy cutesy squirt toys that you buy (sea animals, ducks, etc.) My sons don't play with the mat a whole lot, mostly just the squirt toys. A basic tub toy, but No complaints here", 5.0
"There is nothing like waking up at 2AM few nights in a row to the voice saying " O is for Olive". Keep in mind that it takes you a few moments before you can correctly determine that it is a puzzle talking, and not an intruder or "voices" that you are now hearing. (I completely panicked the first two times). And it will keep repeating the phrase 20+ times (I counted), so you will HAVE to get out of bed, in the middle of the night to look for a screwdriver, so that you can take out the batteries, because there is no off switch", 5.0
"I ordered this for my 3 year old and while he likes putting the puzzle together the sounds are completely random and unreliable.  I've tried everything I can think of.  Sometimes it makes sounds and sometimes it doesn't.  Sometimes it makes only one letter sound for all the letters.  Sometimes it makes some sounds but not others.  I've used new batteries etc.  But the puzzle is OK if you just remove the batteries.  Not worth the price tag though", 5.0
"I was extremely pleased with my purchase of these mats, I at first bought 3 sets and then purchased another set to make a perfect square. My son loved playing on them and so did all the other children at his birthday party. They are sturdy and easy to clean.", 5.0
"These mats are awesome if you have hardwood floors! My little guy loves to play on them and when he rolls onto his belly or happens to fall, he doesn't get hurt. They're easy to clean and easy to store away when playtime is over!", 5.0
"These play mats are great for outdoors.  I bought several packs and put my daughters play house, slide, sandbox and etc on them.  You can hose them off.  We leave them out all year long, and they held up great through the winter.  They don't ever look worn.  I just went and bought more to extend the play area.", 5.0
"These playmats are fantastic. They have cushion and yet are sturdy and durable. My son chews these mats like candy and yet they have kept their shape. They are great for little new crawlers that need alittle padding and resistance for their little knees. [...]", 5.0
"Just a warning to new parents thinking of playmats. We have three sets (large family) and these are our favorite by far. All the other sets we have have shapes and numbers in them that come out. It is a huge pain when our son plays w/ these mats because you end up on your knee's trying to find the missing pieces all the time. Save your back, money, and time and just buy whole pieces without all the fancy decor (letters,numbers,animals, elct.) that comes out, they just end up missing or on the other side of the room out of the mat for you to pick up and figure out where it goes in the mat. Also the pieces get old and when you move the mat around all the pieces fall out everywhere, everytime you move it you have to put the whole puzzle back together.", 5.0
"This mat provides a good cushion for those of us with hardwood floors.  It is nearly an inch thick and is very durable.  The pieces lock together well and don't pull apart, even with Mommy, Daddy, and baby walking or playing on them", 5.0
"Easy to clean up. Bought these for my dog to use and they are great. He doesn't have to lay on the cold floor.", 5.0
"We knew we needed something for our little one to play on, this was what we needed, and thus bought.  It's a bit thicker than the multi-colored ones.  She's fallen on her head without hurting herself.  It does, however, get expensive, as we had to buy 3 sets to cover her small play area.  But we can't put a price on her noggin", 1.0
"I love these floor mats. They are great for protecting my son from our hardwood floors and protecting them from him!!  However, I cannot seem to find the edge pieces anywhere?  Where did you buy them?", 4.0
"Thanks", 4.0
"Bonni", 4.0
"I bought this for my 4 and 2 year old daughters for Christmas.  I was very happy with how easy it was to assemble and how sturdy it is.  I bought this because it looked like it wouldn't break the first time they played with it, and I'm pleased that it is up to my expectations.  It is open on two sides, so it makes it easier for my girls to play at the same time.  Good product", 4.0
"Our 2 1/2 yr old daughter loves this dollhouse! We bought it because it's the perfect combination of simplicity in its form, quality and detail. The craftmanship of the dollhouse is solid and well made, with two sliding windows on the front and a great balcony! The quality of the furniture is second to none -- excellent craftsmanship/attention to detail and the Plan Toys family is poseable so you can bend them into whatever position needed (sitting, standing, lying down, etc.) The one gripe is that the dollhouse and the basement don't lock together -- the house slides off a bit (maybe an 1") from the base when you move it (though not completely because it's partially locked). It's not the end of the world though, if it really bothers me, I'll glue them together.", 2.0
"It's a dollhouse that she can grow with and I guess we'll eventually replace when she's 8 or 9 with something more complex/detailed. We bought it through Imagine the Challenge, a merchant partner of Amazon, and they had a great deal on the house, the basement and all the furniture. Also, it was easy to assemble -- took this non-mechanically-inclined Dad about 1/2 hour to put it all together.", 4.0
"I hope this helps. Good luck", 5.0
"We purchased this wagon after reading other positive reviews.  Our little two year old girl loves it.  It is probably a bit big for her, but it didn't take her long to crawl in.  It took her a little longer (and a couple of falls) to learn to get back out.  She loves riding in it and gathering things from our "nature walks" to bring back home.  She can also pull it herself.  Solid construction and very easy to put together.", 5.0
"My lab this wagon for use in the field. We all LOVE it! It is just what we needed. Everything (and anything) fits in it and it's easy to clean.", 2.0
"It was a great buy", 5.0
"My daughter received this wagon for her 1st birthday and it only took 20 minutes to assemble.  It's very durable and has plenty of room for your child and anything else you need to take for the ride.  Love the high sides which help in supporting the child and I don't need to worry about her falling out!  You will need storage space for this one though as it is on the large end and is quite heavy so best if stored in a garage where it can just be wheeled in", 4.0
"  My daughter just loves this wagon! We rented it at a local amusement park and she did not want to get out. We knew we had to have one. We loved the fact that it had an actual axle for easy turning. Our previous wagon had the wheels that were directly connected to the wagon and was super hard to turn. They would get stuck sideways and you could not get the thing to move. This is the only plastic wagon we could find with a front axle which made this a top choice for us! This is a great choice for children that are too old for a stroller but too small to walk. We loved the storage underneath and the cup holders. We also like that it holds two children with plenty of room for all of their stuff!! Lastly, we loved that the surface is flat so the children can nap if they are tired!!(Our last wagon had the seats on each end so this was not an option)", 5.0
"*We are planning on buying the attachable umbrellas offered by Radio Flyer this summer to protect our little ones from the sun (another great plus!", 5.0
"this is a great wagon I bought one 2 years ago to take the grandchildren out they love it you can take off the sides when they get older for easy acsess in and out. It has a good size storage underneath which we use as a cooler to keep bevarages in.My daughter liked it so much we just purchased another one for her for the kids.", 5.0
"I love the room in this wagon...but the way the handle is made is dangerous.  It has hit my 3 year old in the head a couple of times. It is designed to fold inwards instead of out and isn't the greatest idea.", 5.0
"It also might just be a defective one that I received but I found it to be too tippy. Which is also dangerous.", 5.0
"I really researched these wagons and I thought I was going to be getting the best one according to all of the reviews I have read but I am not satisfied with it at all.  I am now on the working on researching some more for a new one and I decided that I would probably just be better off going to the store and personally check them out myself.", 5.0
"This wagon is fantastic.  You can fit 2 - 3 kids in it, plus put food in it.  There's a cool hidden compartment that you can flip up.  It fits about 6 cans of soda.  This wagon also comes with cup holders.  We've used it at the zoo which is perfect especially if you like to bring food.  We've used this to go to the park, too.  It's the largest wagon available", 5.0
"What a great wagon!  It has 3-point seat belts to keep your kiddos safe AND high-back seats.  It has 4 cup holders.  The seats fold flat to use it as a regular wagon which is also great as a diaper-changing table!  We've had to do this several times at the park - it's clean and better for your back than changing on an icky floor or on the park bench.  I've also folded one seat to become a make-shift eating table for one!  It's sturdy and has held up great!  No tipping - not even the feeling of it.  The handle locks in the upright position - which is very nice.  The handle ALSO folds underneath the wagon for easy transport.  This wagon fits in the trunk of my Honda Civic with no problem!  You do need to assemble, but it's not too bad!", 4.0
"All-in-all a really great purchase to keep your kiddos safe while being pulled and with all the extra great features - it's the best one I could find!  (I gave it 5 stars for educational - well, if you point out things you see while the kids are riding, then it really can be educational!  I know it's a stretch!", 5.0
"My son wants to juggle so bad. He practiced for days and actually did it a couple of times. It just wasnt fast enough for him and he's put the set away. We take it out on rainy days and when we are bored and have a lot of fun watching each other fumble and/or succeed. I have no regrets in buying this product", 5.0
"My daughter wanted Easy-bake oven and this is a great alternative.", 5.0
"It also comes with 4 recipes that makes 2 small pizzas so it is great for a snack!", 5.0
"-Easy Cheesy Pizza", 5.0
"-Stuffed Crust Pizza", 5.0
"-Carmel Apple Cookie Pizza", 5.0
"-Raspberry Cheesecake Pizza", 4.0
"no pre-mixed stuff here.  It's great for them to learn fractions (cups) and to measure tea/ tablespoons", 4.0
"I got this for my 2 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it!  We're working with her on playing "by the rules" but we also have made up other games with it.  She loves setting everything up on the "picnic blanket".  A fun game for toddlers", 4.0
"Mess Free...and a wonderful gift.  If your little one likes to color like most do they will enjoy this a lot.  Even our teenage babysitter likes this!!!", 5.0
"A Parents Favorite!!", 2.0
"I don't know if I was more excited or my daughter when we first got this kit. It is the PERECT gift to any girl on a birthday and it is now requested that my daughter give as a gift.", 5.0
"You don't put the make-up on your face but on the face paper, so fun", 5.0
"We got this for my little sister who's 6 for christmas. She was soo happy to get one, and so was I because I had been forced to share my Ipod with her in the car or any other time she spotted me using it. It comes with two stories and 6 songs.", 4.0
"Pros:", 4.0
"The VOLUME!! My parents had originally thought about getting her and Ipod shuffle but after I pointed out that she abuses the volume control on mine,(turns it up too loud)getting her own wouldn't be a good idea. The volume goes high enough for car rides and safe enough for at home use as well.", 4.0
"It doesn't seem to eat up batteries either. We're just now having to replace them, but then again she forgets to bring it in the car and only uses it with the seperatly sold stereo speakers.", 4.0
"It's cute, it's pink like mine and it's easy to use for kids who can't read yet.", 5.0
"CONS:", 5.0
"The softwear is a bit annoying. You can only add songs by either purchasing them from their website or burning them off a CD. This was annoying because I couldn't tranfer the songs for her off my Ipod on to hers without wasting a CD. But it wasn't so bad to have to do, just annoying. We haven't bought any stories or songs off their site, and probably won't. Although the stories are great for bedtime (with FP3 stereo)she doesn't care for them much and since she listens to the music I get for her, she's past the age of "I have two cats" (one of the songs included) and likes songs more upbeat songs like "Brother for sale" by the Olsen Twins.", 5.0
"It's alittle bulky. It's not so easy for her to carry the player with her like i can with my Ipod. The headphone are very bulky and big compared to the player itself. So even if there was a time she remembered to take it along in the car, it wasn't something that could easily be tucked away. We're considering buying smaller headphones since the volume control doesn't effect the headset.", 5.0
"Our biggest complaint is that it is NOT Mac compatible.  The only way to download new songs is to use the software that I cannot use on my Mac.  Daddy has to take it all to work and do it there.  Otherwise, it's a great idea.  My 6 yo daughter asked for an iPod but we thought we'd start her off with this and she is loving it.  Pros:  Easy to use, large buttons, not to busy, comfortable headphones.  Cons:  not Mac comp., battery life short, needs a belt clip.", 5.0
"This player is a hit with our toddler. When she threw a tantrum becaue her older brother took away his iPod from her, we realized she was the last person in the family to own an mp3 player. I googled and found this item, and it's perfect for her! I took off one star just because I had some difficulty figuring out how to transfer our own music into the player, but that may be my own lack of techno-savvy.", 4.0
"We purchased the FP3 Player for my 5 years old birthday. The only thing I can really say is that I wish I had purchased it for her a couple of years ago.  I know that she would have enjoyed it then as well", 4.0
"I got the FP3 player for my 5 year old granddaughter because I didn't want her to be left out of being able to listen to music (her sister got an Ipod Shuffle). She loves it!   The headset is perfect for her, the controls are easy for her to manage and understand.  She can listen to the same music as her big sister (age 10).  Technology isn't only for preteens or teenagers.  Kids are smarter these days and are exposed to more technology than ever.  They see their parents, siblings, and grandparents using computers, mobile phones, Ipods, and video games. They like the cool stuff too!  They shouldn't be left out. I only have one suggestion.  Place a clip on the back of the FP3 player for kids to clip on to their clothing instead of hanging around their neck.  It gets in the way when they are dancing because it flops around!", 5.0
"My 5 year-old twins each received one of these for Christmas.  Now they can listen to their favorite songs without fighting!  Good sturdy product designed for little fingers.  Definitely no complaints on the quality.  The kids quickly learned to use them independently.  Now if I just get one for my three year-old, I can finally listen to MY music in the car", 5.0
"my three year old loves her new fisher price "ipod". She loves the pink color and can choose her favorite songs by the icon pictures(a great feature). My only complaint is that the volume at its highest level is still very low which makes it difficult for her to hear while riding in the car on the interstate while traveling", 4.0
"This FP3 player is great! I deleted the pre-programmed songs but kept the stories. Now my 3 year old daughter can listen to her favorite songs and I don't have to worry whether the volume is too loud or if it will be damaged when she drops it. The software could be better - to add songs you have to have the CD and the program copies it from there but you can't move music files already on your computer. I only added 12 songs at approximately 3-4 minutes each but I think I could add almost 3x that amount", 5.0
"We just got this in the mail, and it went together very well.  Took a while to get one as we ordered it right before Christmas. I used their screws and my own screwdriver - the screwdriver that comes with it is small, so I can see where others may have had a problem.  Didn't have any screws break, had one strip out, but that was my fault as I tightened it too far.  Remember folks, you are dealing with soft wood here, so don't go crazy with your screwdriver.  And DO NOT use a screw gun (power drill), you will defintely have problems.", 5.0
"My 3 year old is using it right now and loves it.  So far has drawn a cat and a dog, and is going to have some trouble separating from it to go to bed.  For the money, this is a winner.", 4.0
"We purchased this for our 2 year old daughter for Christmas. This is a great art cart! I looked at many different kinds of art easels and decided on this one because of the storage. Although there is no magnetic dry erase board, it makes up for it in all other areas. The chalkboard is an actual chalkboard (not the kind that is tough to draw/erase on). The colors are great to go in a playroom and the cart is very sturdy...We don't have to worry about it folding in on itself. Very easy to move around too with the sturdy wheels. Couldn't be happier with our purchase!", 4.0
"The screws are a pain to screw in with the little screwdriver they provide, but when I tried a power drill, it stripped the screws in no time.  So I went back to the manual screwdriver and two blisters later, I think it is a really quality easel, and the storage space is an excellent idea.  Most easels just don't seem worth the space they take up.  The wheels are a great idea to take it outside when the weather is nice...makes for easy transport.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this item, but I agree with the other reviewer about the cheap screws", 4.0
"We bought these keys for our then 18 month old, when he was obsessed with keys and had set my car alarm off one too many times.  The toy is great.  The key chain is big so its easy for kids to hang onto, the buttoms are colorful and appropriately sized, and make honking noises, car starting noises, etc..  They keys are metal like, not plastic, so the toy feels more realistic.  My now 3 year old still plays with them and still takes them places with us.  Word of warning, because these keys are not plastic, be very careful where your child puts them.  As we were leaving to the store one day I handed my son his keys, grabbed mine and while I was putting my purse in the front seat my son was keying up the lock on the back door trying to open it. YIKES!  These keys can scatch, so a word of warning.", 5.0
"At a year and a half, our daughter went through a phase where she wanted Mommy's keys ALL THE TIME. Enter this key ring, so she could have her own keys.", 4.0
"Good points:", 5.0
"- They have metal-looking keys that klink, instead of plastic obviously-fake keys.", 5.0
"- They're easy to handle", 5.0
"- The sounds and lights are fun during car trips.", 5.0
"Only downside: The sounds are very REALISTIC. Grandma's gone to get the door a few times when the door button pushed. Dad freaked out when driving in the car, she pushed the honking horns/traffic noise.", 4.0
"A tip: She didn't want to play with them until I pretended to use them on the car and the house. Once she thought they were "real" she was interested", 2.0
"The balls were added to a ball pit. I had expected the balls to be bigger and did not remember the dimensions listed", 5.0
"MY GRANDSON LOVES TO PLAY WITH THESE BALLS IN HIS CASTLE BALL PIT", 1.0
"I purchased (two sets) 200 of these balls to make a ball pit for my 1 year old nephew's birthday party.  I expected to throw them in a little pup tent and the toddlers would have great fun with them.  200 was not nearly enough!  We now have moved the balls to a pack-n-play and 200 is enough to play in there, but only for one child at a time.  It's good for about ten minutes of fun", 5.0
"You're invited to tea with all the Barbie Fantasy Tales Tea Party Princesses! The new guest arrived at the tea party. It was friend Ken the prince, who was known throughout the lands for his kindness. Always thoughtful, the prince had brought beautiful gifts. It was a wonderful afternoon for everyone", 5.0
"I bought this for my husband who absolutely loves golf! Plus I thought it would be cute and fun. Overall the product is what I thought it would be and he thinks it's great. My only problem, if you even would call it that, is the display is hard to read. You know the triangle thing that "answers" all your questions, well it is sometimes a little hard to read. It looks great in my husbands "man-cave" and goes well with his other golf stuff. I would recommend it for anyone who has a humorous side and a love for golf.", 5.0
"The 2006 remake of Zapf's Baby Chou Chou is no Baby Annabell. The hard plastic battery casing on the dolls back is not padded and all four sharp sides stick out, taking up most of the backside of the doll.  This makes it very uncomfortable for a child to hold and you can forget the idea of them falling asleep with it. There is a large gap between what little padding there is in the body and leg; making the sewn leg attachment visible through the clothing.  The dolls voice is not clear. What was Zapf thinking when they did away with Baby Annabell? I'm sure Corolle stock will go up this Christmas, their Lila is a great doll", 5.0
"I am 11 and I love the doll. she's sooooo cute. she's so cute when she kicks her legs. the doll teaches kids responsibility.I never turn her off because you feel like a real mom.And who would want to turn off a real baby. Well it's like a real baby anyway. So buy the doll!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"We bought this doll for our 4 year old daughter for Christmas and three months later she still LOVES this doll!!!  She thinks it is great that the doll cries, and giggles, and kicks her feet like a real baby.  My daughter has the best time trying to figure out what will make the doll stop "fussing".  Sometimes the doll wants a blanket, sometimes a bottle, and sometimes she needs a diaper change.  It is a continuous mystery.  The one draw back and this is from a parent perspective only my daughter doesn't see this as a problem. :-)", 5.0
"The only draw back is the doll is somewhat loud and doesn't stop making noise until you figure out why she is crying or just turn her off.  But overall I recommend this doll for any little girl that loves babies.", 5.0
"I hate it when people give horrid reports to such a fun doll! I am 10 and from a child's view this is the most fun doll i have ever layed my hands on. so if you read a bad report on this doll, DON'T LISTEN. most of the time they are just people who dont know what they are talking about.Sure you have to keep her hat on but other than that she is awsome! Now i had so much trouble with the new addition of baby annabell that i had to take her back and get a new one, and now my new one won't go to sleep half the time.the bad report people prbably got a bad doll. And for a child's sake this is an extraorinary  and educational doll that helps improve mothering skills. if you dont pay attention to her she will get upset just like a real baby!trust me, i go to a baby sitter who has a little baby named gracie and if you don't pay any attention to her she will cry her little heart out. and this doll falls asleep a lot!!! all you have to do is ignore her for 2 minutes and three fourths of the time she needs her blanket. her head is not a lint brush! if you are that obsesed with dirt take a damp rag and wash her off. either that or your carpet is too dirty. and for heavens sake please dont listen to any of those lies.", 5.0
"She is sooooo fun! I cant stop playing with her. She is so cute. Ilove the way she kicks her feet and I like her outfit. To sum it all up, I can't describe how much fun she is", 5.0
"I bought another rock tumbler. It was all plastic and the drive to the barrel was a direct contact wheel against a rubber belt. It wore out. FAST. And it was so loud that even when I put it in the garage I could hear it. I had to replace it.", 4.0
"This tumbler (Model A-R1)has been running 24-7 for five months. It's so quiet I put it in the basement. The stones that come out are beautiful. If anything ever does wear out, (it never has), or if I need supplies it's easy to purchase what I need from the supplier's catalog.", 4.0
"Try this one first; it's a little more expensive, but you'll sleep at night", 5.0
"Well i got this toy for chrismas and i open it and tryed it and the coins that come with it i scader it around the house and it dectech 2 out of 10 and it die out so quickliy and over gras and stuff it it jam with digging trough the gras and putting it in it back hell i would never get this toy it sux with a captil S :", 5.0
"I bought this item two years ago specifically for my then-5yr-old daughter.  She wanted a drum set, and I didn't want to spend a lot of money on one.  My daughter enjoyed pounding on the drums, but the drums are not of great quality and the electronic crash of a cymbal or thump of a drum pad is hardly heard above the din of a wooden drumstick against hard plastic.  The unit is top-heavy and can easily be bumped and fall over.  The footpad is essentially useless.  In sum, I should have either paid more money to get a nice Yamaha electronic drumset, or a real drumset, or just forestalled the decision entirely.  After I couldn't take the rukkus of my kids pounding (not playing) with the thing, I hauled it up to the attic and there it's been ever since.  Interestingly, my kids never asked for it again", 5.0
"This batman lego set was very educational for my six year old son.  Even though he is not used to handling little tiny lego pieces such as these.   It gave him a chance to realize that you have to look at the pictures very carefully and put  the pieces gently and gingerly  together.  These type of lego sets the children need a lot of help and guidance.....it is basically impossible for them to put together by themselves unless they are genius's.   All in all both my son and myself enjoyed piecing together the different batman vehicles", 5.0
"We were kind of surprised to see a cooler for a wagon, but its functional and saves us from having to lug a cooler separately to the beach, or having to haul it inside the wagon.  It is big enough to hold a few bottled waters and some ice, or at least a six pack of cans.  Neat idea.  It arrived quickly, and as with all of our Radio Flyer items, Amazon padded the heck out of them when they shipped.  None of these items are breakable, but we appreciate the effort", 5.0
"This is a great accesory for any of the Radio Flyer wagons.  It doesn't keep its shape that well but it does keep things cold and is out of the way...what more could you ask for.", 5.0
"It is a wonderful and exciting game to play. We spent hours enjoying family time together playing this game", 5.0
"This game is a great multigenerational way to have fun.  We have our parents (80's), our brothers and sisters (40's and 50's) and kids (11-28) playing together.  We make teams with 3 age groups and have a great time.  The younger kids really like playing with adults and all the laughing and interaction that goes along with it.  Questions encompass many genres that at least one person on each team can know something about", 5.0
"We really recommend this 'family' game!", 5.0
"I LOVE LOVE this board game.  It doesn't have complex directions which is great for new people playing and it is a lot of fun. There are 3 things in on the card and you have to figure out how they are all connected. There are multiple catagories to pick from - sports & recreation, misc, entertainment and academics.  There is also a pick your own catagory. You can challenge people, take over their spaces and try and be the first one to have all 3 of yours to end. You can play in pairs too.  Highly recommend!", 5.0
"We love this game. It's so much fun. There is a topic for everyone. It's challenging, educational and funny", 4.0
"We got this for my 7 year old daughter for her birthday. She had seen it on TV and just "had to have it". Usually these kind of things are a big let down when you actually get them, but this one wasn't. It was easy enough to do that she didn't need much help from me and the end result looks pretty cool. She really liked the frames that came with the pictures and she has her crunch art masterpieces hanging in her room", 5.0
"The song is nearly complete since it plays 2:00 of a 2:53 long song, the quality isnt bad for the technology used, the music is actually heard in your head when u brush, its a real neat item!!", 1.0
"I got this tooth brush in a gift bag from a party i went to, and when i tried it out, It didn't work! It would play the music for about 10 seconds, then it would die, and i couldn't turn it back on! It went through the whole song maybe once or twice. The music is also terrible quality. DO NOT BUY THIS", 5.0
"On Saturday night I had a party and boy did I get giftcards for my 8th birthday! I got quite a few to Target. So I decided to get this awesome toy! It comes with two lovin' pets: a dog and a hamster. It is so cute plus huge! If you're bored it will make you have a lot fun than being bored", 4.0
"My 4-year-old loves this toy!! she has so much fun with it. I got it for her B-day and she has not stop asking for more pets (that is the bad part), it encourages pretend play what is good when you have an only child.I wish this toy will be a little more sturdy, some of the pieces come off easily but you can put them back on. I think you won't go wrong with this toy for a child of any age", 4.0
"EXCELLENT toy.  My 4 year loves this Littlest pets toy.  It's great to start a collection with because it works with all teh Littlest pets critters.  It's worth the money", 4.0
"My daughter had been begging for this toy. she is in the third grade so i thought maybe she would out grow it to fast so i put it off hoping she would forget about it.but she did not so for her 9th bday i got it for her. all of her friends were like alright now you have it too. because apparently they all already have it. well anyhow she does play with it alot but not as much as my 3 year old son. he loves the little farret and the hamsters. he puts them in the wheel and spins it. he also like to put them in the tunnel witch pops apart so if they get stuck it is easy to get out. anyhow it was well worth the money they both love it and it was the hit of the party. and there were about 15, 8,9 and 10 year old girls", 4.0
"We got this for my daughter's 5th birthday and she absolutely loves it.  Was better than the sets we had seen b/c it came with 4 pets-and all the individual pets were sold out at Target.  She loves to set up the little pets in the shop.  Great for this age girl", 4.0
"We bought this set so that we could have the ferret that was included as a bonus and donated the rest of the set to charity. The price is right if you are a littlest Pet shop collector!!", 4.0
"My daughter is only 2 1/2, but this is a fun toy for her.  It's good for her imagination, especially since we can't have any real pets right now.  I think it's something she'll have for a while", 1.0
"These toys are adoreable, cheap to buy, tons of fun, durable and portable!!! They travel everywhere with me, and take up almost no space! Also, I have not seen this offer in stores, and the ferret is very hard to find. You can never be too old for these", 4.0
"Our entire family loves this game from Grandma, to parents, to the kids.  Our youngest is 5 years old and can play with all of us.  It is simple and fun", 1.0
"I purchased this as a group activity for my family and another family who would be staying with us over Christmas.  We finally got to play it one night and we all had a great time with it.  The age group was from 62 down to 12.  Highly recommend it", 1.0
"This version of UNO changes the rules a bit but the game is basically the same. Instead of automatically having to draw cards from the deck when a "pickup" card is laid the player pushes the "attack" button the designated number of times. Sometimes you end up with a pile of cards being shot out at you and sometimes not. It adds a little suspense to the standard game and the kids seem to really enjoy the surprise. The unit itself is well constructed and easy to use", 5.0
"I have played Uno more times than I can count and this just adds a little spice to the game. Instead of drawing cards when needed, you push the button and you either get none or it spits a bunch out at you.  The kids enjoy watching the cards fly out at them and there is more anticipation when playing.  Definitely recommended for those who are tired of playing the same old card game every night", 5.0
"I gave this to a couple as a Christmas gift.  Six of us played that night when it was opened and we even got together again to play.  We laughed a lot, and it was a great way to spend time together.  I highly recommend this game for groups of friends", 4.0
"This started to fail with the first few games on Christmas morning.  By "fail," I mean, cards wouldn't shoot out, and would instead be audibly heard slipping.  We tried using rubbing alcohol, and that would literally only work for a throw of cards or two.", 4.0
"This is a GREAT concept for a game, but it's leaving a lot to be desired in craftsmanship", 5.0
"This game is just wonderful for kids, adults, teans, everyone. My whole family gets in on it. We laugh, we get revenge, we just have so much fun. I would tell all families to play this game", 5.0
"This is great game to play no matter what age you are!  My 85 year old mother loves it & I know my grandkids would love it, too!  We play it practically every week at game night with our friends!  The only thing they could improve on for this game would be to not make it so difficult to see the card that has been played on top.  It needs to be easier to see.  In other words, the design needs to be changed.  But we manage!  And we just love this game", 5.0
"These rings are a good concept, but the weights on them aren't heavy enough to keep them in place. As the kids swim through them they sort of hop along with the current (from the kids swimming). When I was a child... I had a set that was just like hula hoops on a length of rope tied to a small case. The case was filled with sand and stayed put as you swam through them. My friends and I spent hours setting up courses we could race through. This set is nice because it does fold up and fit in a small mesh bag for transporting to the pool. But, if you have your own pool you might want to look for a set like I had way back when.......", 5.0
"I gave this to my son for his 6th Birthday - He had been asking for it since last summer. It keeps him so busy and quiet - the instructions were great - he didn't need any help. He keeps taking it apart and modifying the design to make it smaller, and smaller, and smaller. Then he builds it back to the origianl size. He has had it for 3 weeks and still thanks me for getting it for him.", 5.0
"Beacause of the size, he doesn't rush through it and toss it aside like his many other smaller lego sets.", 5.0
"Highly recommend it - wish I got it sooner", 5.0
"My 8 year old picked this out and saved money to buy it.  It's pricey, but a great product.  He loved building it and is proudly displaying it.  It has doors that open and close and people and extra little accessories.  My son can still play with it, and it stays intact.  I shopped around, and Amazon had the best price", 5.0
"Not only did my Grandson love this but his Father did too!", 5.0
"It took them three hours of quality time together, to", 2.0
"put the plane togeter.", 5.0
"This plane was a gift for a lifetime lover of Lego and he is still enthralled with the plane!  Lego is fun for all ages", 5.0
"My son received this set for Christmas!  Amazing detail!  We love this set!  The size of the finished product is amazing and so realistic", 2.0
"This toy is great. My brother and I are having lots of fun with it. We think others will enjoy it too. It wasn't too hard to put together.  It stays together pretty well. There are some very small pieces that are hard to find if dropped", 5.0
"become  im  been collect all type lego toys round 30.years and be fun all boys  will have fun this toy", 4.0
"This item was purchased for my 13 year old daughter who is taking Algebra.", 4.0
"She had to skip from 7th grade math to Algebra I in order to apply to a math and technology high school. This has been a tremendous help to her.", 4.0
"She stays after school once a week and has a math tutor. This was an enhancement of those two things.", 5.0
"She now feels secure in this class and is doing quite well", 1.0
"This pen is awesome. I was in the lowest class for Algebra and I moved up to the highest. It speaks to you and lets you know what to do if you need help. You just write out the project, and its really cool. I recomend it if your having trouble in ANY subject, and they're good price.", 5.0
"Thanks! GOOD BU", 5.0
"The Batmobile car is awesome but the age limit is off. It should be for ages 1-3 it is much smaller than described. The only reason my son could ride it, is because he is short for a three year old. Other than that, the shipping was fast and my son loves it. Just wish it was a little bigger so that he could use it longer than a few months!", 1.0
"This was the only thing that my 2 year old son wanted for Christmas in 2005.  He has played with it most of the year and he is now 3.  I agree that the seat is small and should be listed for 2 or 3 years old.  I believe that is hard for this age group to use the pedals and my be why the age group suggested was older.  It is a well built toy and can handle abuse.  My son LOVES it", 4.0
"The product description is very WRONG! They lie!!!!!  The product is (...) to small.  The car is for toddlers.  The age limit should be 4 years old", 5.0
"If you are thinking of purchasing this car, note that the seat is small and the length to the pedals is short.  Thefore, it is suited for small children. The description says children 3+, but when our 4.5 year old (who is very small for 4.5) tried it out, it was way too small. It was extremely difficult for our child to pedal comfortably.  It has alot of interesting buttons for sound effects, but I would say that based on the size of the seat and the length to the pedals that this is more ideally suited for children 3 or 4 only.", 5.0
"I bought the Batmobile pedal car for a friend's son for his birthday.  I wanted to get something that would be fun and cool for him but not too annoying for mom.  Since he watches the Batman cartoon on TV I figured the Batmobile pedal car was perfect.  He loves it!  He is always making up stories about chasing the bad guys and incorporating the sound effects from the toy.  It's so cute.  My friend also liked that it had pedals to encourage a little more activity while he played.  I would definately recommend this to other shoppers", 5.0
"My english is not very good but i can said that is a grate toy a very good for my gaughter learnin", 4.0
"I GOT THIS DOLL FOR MY 18 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER FOR CHRISTMAS AND I DON'T THINK SHE HAS PUT HER DOWN SINCE. MY DAUGHTER LOVES THIS DOLL. SHE GOT TWO OTHER DOLLS THAT SING AND MAKE SOUNDS BUT SHE WON'T EVEN LOOK AT THEM SHE ONLY WANTS "MY BABY". SHE HAS EVEN WOKE UP AT 5 IN THE MORNING CRYING FOR THE DOLL. THIS IS A GREAT DOLL SHE HAS A VERY SOFT BODY. I WISH I COULD GIVE HER 10 STARS.", 4.0
"My daughter got this doll for Christmas and she loves it.  She already had the Little Mommy twins and this was a great addition", 5.0
"I bought this doll for my now 4 year old daughter when she was 2 years old and first started to become interested in dolls. She still carries it everywhere. We also bought all (and I do mean ALL) of the accesories that came with the dolls, and she played for hours with them. The accesories didn't last too long in our house, but the doll is still here. And now that she has a 2 month old sister, she plays with the doll even more, imitating mommy and the baby", 5.0
"I gave this as a gift for a friend's daughter, who is almost 2 years old and my friend says her daughter loves it.  That's all I know about it.  But the reaction encouraged me. I was pleased to see it came in a big box with accessories.  The reaction has caused me to buy followup accessories for 14-inch dolls and I'll probably later buy more dolls like this.  I'm 57 years old and don't have children so I needed a site like this with reviews to know what to buy", 1.0
"My daughter has autism and has had absolutly no interest in dolls.  She didn't quite know what she was suppose to do with them or how to do imaginative play with them. We recently purchased this doll for her and she hasn't set her down yet.  She pretend cries for the doll and tickles her.  She feeds her and won't sleep without her. I think this doll has woken up emotions in my daughter that were not there before. This has taught her to understand empathy and how to care for someone. Autistic children like weighted objects and the beanie bottom of the doll makes her different from the other dolls we have given our daughter. I think the heavyness of the doll makes my daughter want to hold her constantly.  Im so greatful that we got this doll and it has had such a wonderful impact on my daughter", 4.0
"I have a 23 month old and we just bought her this doll.  She won't let it go. She loves to pretend to feed and give it naps. It's a great value and I beleive a perfect first doll", 5.0
"I bought this puzzle for my husband for Christmas.  We enjoy working as a family on puzzles in our spare time.  Recently my oldest daughter(5) has been discussing the Solar systmen with my husband.  I thought this would be a great project and educational at the same time.  We built this puzzle together and my 5 year old was even able to put the last 30 or so pieces in herself.  It is challanging and interesting trying to identify the crazy pictures on the box and find where the pieces go.  Now that it is together, we glued it and framed it.  There it is right above my daughter's bed for her to study while she drifts off to sleep.  Quality product and the price was also very resonable.  This is a good one", 5.0
"We got this so we can take our ATW wagon on the beach and keep our baby out of direct sunlight.  Tried it out today...works great!  Kind of reminds me of the wagon train.  Our only complaint is that the clamps that hold it on the wagon are kind of overkill, it seems, and aren't that attractive, but she doesn't seem to mind.  The canopy isn't real portable if you're transporting it, its kind of bulky but its do-able if you have a SUV.", 5.0
"Great canopy - set up was easier than i expected after reading another reviewer's comments but I followed the photo on the box as well as the given instructions, which alone, would have been slightly confusing.", 5.0
"The canopy provides great coverage and is quite sturdy, so generally quite happy with it", 1.0
"This was a gift for my son for Christmas.  Today was the first day that the weather was good enough to assemble it and give it a try.", 5.0
"I was a little out done by the amount of time it took me to assemble it and then put it on the wagon.  It was a little tedious for me and would not recommend assembling it on an outing for the first time.", 5.0
"I left it up on the wagon in hopes that it would adjust its self now that it is out of the box.  It comes with a take along bag but if it is as hard to assemble as it was this first time I will not be taking it off when we are at home at all.", 5.0
"We live on the Gulf Coast so it is imperative that children be shaded in the summer heat and this seems like a good product overall.  The concept is very good I just hope it's easy to slap on when we go to the beach or to a festival, seeing that it's too large to keep up inside our SUV.", 2.0
"My overall comment is that I am happy for this product but the ease of it may not be the best.  When it's the only product out there you just have to like it and love it.  I am giving it a 4 star because the product its self seems to be durable at least.", 5.0
"We live in the UK, and  sent this construction toy to our 5 year old grandson in New York as it claimed to allow 40 different modesl to be built: like the Meccano system of the 1940's. They have just called to say how disappointing it is as there are no instructions included, and it is really quite complex. What a let down, and we dont know how to get the instructions either. [...]Or perhaps this product isnt meant to have instructions!", 5.0
"Very disappointed grandparents and grandson", 4.0
"I HAVE 4 KIDS. THEIR AGES ARE 5, 4, 2 AND 1. ALL OF THEM LOVE TO DRAW AND COLOR BUT THEY JUST CANT SEEM TO KEEP REGULAR MARKERS OFF THE WALLS, THEIR CLOTHES AND THE CARPETS. I SEEN THIS AT THE STORE AND DECIDED I WOULD TRY IT. IT IS THE BEST! ALL OF MY KIDS INCLUDING MY 1 YR OLD CAN USE THESE WITHOUT MAKING A MESS. THESE MARKERS WILL NOT DRAW ON ANYTHING EXCEPT THE SPECIAL CRAYOLA PAPER THAT COMES WITH THE KIT. WHEN YOU RUN OUT OF PAPER YOU CAN EASILY GET A REFILL FROM THE STORE. THIS IS A VERY INEXPENSIVE GIFT THAT KIDS WILL LOVE AND SO WILL YOU", 4.0
"My 3 year old received this for her birthday.  It is the greatest set of markers I have ever seen.  No messes on table tops, carpets, walls.  Even my 3 year old colors oerfect pictures since you can't color outside the lines.  My kids love this toy", 4.0
"My twelve year old and I have alot of fun with this game. Lots of different options that call for different strategies. Could seem intimidating when you first try but no problems after the first five minutes of play. Overhead light in my kitchen did seem to set off the laser some, but was remedied by dimming the light", 4.0
"I wasn't sure what to think of this when my 9 year old daughter picked this out for a birthday present. After setting it up, reading the simple directions, and playing a few games of it, I'm pleasantly surprised and I'm hooked on it! The object is to move your "mirrors" one at a time to cause your laser cannon to reflect of your mirrors and onto your opponents "tower." The first one to hit the opponents tower with their laser is the winner -- as evidenced by the flashing lights and explosion sound. The kids REALLY get a big kick out of this.", 5.0
"Although the rules say you can only make one move or adjustment to your mirrors at a time and only test fire your laser once after each move, my kids are flexible on the rule. They will make several adjustments per move which makes the game faster and keeps them from getting frustrated. My 9 and 10 year old play this with each other but it is a little too difficult for my 5 and 7 year olds.", 5.0
"Be careful of the lasers though, they are real low-level lasers and should never be pointed at anyone's eyes. So if your kids aren't responsible enough to handle that, I'd stay away. Otherwise, give it a try and I think you'll like it too", 5.0
"We ordered several and glued them to a plywood table.  My two kids (boy, 9; girl,7)have built an entire lego city on it.  There is no limit to the creativity.  I HIGHLY recommend", 1.0
"The replay value of the big blank board is unbelievable. I've spent hours playing with just this piece", 1.0
"my son loves this little colorful house.  it's a great teaching tool to get your young ones to learn their colors and shapes and also because of having to use the keys to open and lock the doors, it also improves their fine motor skills.  my son is 2 and a half and with the help of this house, he knows all of the shapes and colors and how to match the keys with the right doors.  wonderful purchase", 1.0
"My son loves everything from the Car's movie! This is a must have", 5.0
"I am very happy with the product and the time period it was delivered in. Very happy with the seller and would do business with them again.", 1.0
"no hitches, no complaints at all.  delivery came in even earlier than promised.", 5.0
"Just in case you wonder if it's another collection, it's the same metal cars as in the "normal" or regular edition. It's only from another country or provider (I guess). But they have the brilliant idea to develop more cars from the movie. Well, not more cars but more variant models. For example, they have this version of McQueen (as it looks in the last part of the movie). They have the first Mater (not the re-colored one from the bowling game) with the complete nose (you get that), Dirt mcqueen (like the one from one track game), Hudson hornet! yellow ramone.", 2.0
"I has uploaded the back cover of the box just for your entertainment. It has the whole catalog!", 1.0
"In Peru it costed me $9 each but they are so hard to get. As it happened here they just disappeared from the regular stores.", 4.0
"I was very happy with the product I received, as well as the promptness of deivery. I will buy from this company again", 2.0
"You really need the center to play with the doll unless you have other interactive pieces at home.  The food for the doll comes with the center as well as the rooms that make it toddler aged...my daughter wanted it for the potty training area but when she got it, she realized the doll didnt undress to actually train her.", 4.0
"It is a must buy if you get the doll; just try to buy on sale.  I don't like it because it is hard to store.  It is prettly flimsy to break down with every use.  You will need somekind of container for the pieces or they are easily lost", 5.0
"While the way the product interacts with the doll, it is nearly impossible to keep together.  The slide doesn't stay securely in place and the "pictures" dont stay where they belong, which lead me to just remove them completely.  My kids prefer to play with it as a "drive in" window, or a fort wall.", 5.0
"This overall is a good toy for the price of $20, if you have the toddler doll to go along with it. But there are not very many extra reactions the doll does to this item. You can have almost as much fun with just the toddler doll. My daughter does like to write on the board, send her down the slide and just pretend she is teaching her. However, the cardboard pieces that go on this do not stay up, they fall out. I had to tape them in so they would stay. You would think it would have been stickers instead. Overall a good toy", 4.0
"My 3 1/2 year old got this for Christmas, and she loves it.  It has a dry erase board with pen, and a little storage bin to put the pillow and blanket in.  It makes a flushing sound for the toilet, and the cell phone rings when taking it out of its holder.  The sounds aren't long and annoying like some toys.  It was easy to assemble.  I would definitley recommend this item", 5.0
"This item is very cheaply made.  Some parts do not stay together, etc.  I am happy with the price I paid for it through Amazon---thankfully I didn't pay what it was selling for in stores! But did notice right after Christmas it was on clearance for approximately 70% off.  That alone lets you know it is not of the best quality.  My daughter tried to enjoy this toy, but with pieces falling off she just got fed up.  It has been the least played with of her toys.  She owns numerous Little Mommy products and really enjoys the dolls.  The retail prices of of the Toddler Doll and Activity Center certainly led me to believe they would have been of better quality", 4.0
"  My daughter had to have this play set to go with the toddler doll (they are advertised in the same commercial). It is cumbersome, clumsy and difficult to play with.  It requires more assembly than I would have liked and more space for play that it seems.  It is just an awkward toy", 5.0
"I agree with the previous reviews!  It is very hard to do even though the commercial makes it seem easy.  I got this for my 8 year old son, who loves to draw, and he was very disappointed.  He was excited when he got it for Christmas because he had seen the commercials, and after a short time was very frustrated.  I tried it myself and could not do it.  Please don't waste your money!", 5.0
"I got this and basicly had the same problems everyone else did and every time i tried to play with it the middle part would fall and when you did get it to stay up the images were so blury that they gave you a major headache needless to say this went back to the store less than 3 hours latter i would not recomend this to anyone", 5.0
"                        PS. i only gave it one star cause u couldnt give it a", 5.0
"This toy did keep my child's attention for a while, however it broke on the second use.  One of the blue panels snapped and then the next day the other side did as well.  I was able to return it to JCPenneys without a problem, but we did not buy another one.", 5.0
"I got this toy 1 day ago and I loved it!Today,when I saw the reviews,I wanted to punch these people.I have no idea what they are talking about!The toy works perfect.Grown-ups,please buy this for your kids if they want it.It's only been 2 days and I think I am a great artist", 5.0
"hi, my name is Sabina i am 8 years old. I bought a tamagotchi one day, i was playing with it connecting with other tamagotchis. when you go onto [...] its the best!! when i put passwords onto my tamagotchi my tama it gets really happy. when i take my tama to my cousins house they just snatch it and play with it. sometimes it will die/passaway and that happened to my tama one day. it will die if you do not feed it good enough. in my magazine it said if your not allowed a puppy well a tamagotchi will cheer you up. i got a tamagotchi because i love puppies!!!", 5.0
"i just bought this toy, its awsome!!! i love it!!! you get to meet freinds, buy stuff, play games for generations and generations, AWESOME!!!!", 5.0
"I got my Tamagotchi this year and it's been really fun.  I like to play Bump and Get.  I'm getting two more so that I can have partners and share with my sisters", 5.0
"I have both previous version (version 2) and version 3 and I love them very much.  V3 has more games, characters, and items and are so much fun.  You can connect to other tamagotchi to play games, exchange items, or visit.  Only thing about V3 is that they got rid of some fun games from V2...I think they tried to make it more educational, so maybe it's good for kids. Overall, I think it's great", 5.0
"I got my tamagotchi for christmas", 5.0
"and its great fun!!!", 5.0
"you can play games,meet new friend's and lots more!!!", 4.0
"i meet 4 new friend's!!!!!", 4.0
"       from tilly wallace", 4.0
"i am so excited that i am going to get my tamagotchi tommorow and by all the positive reveiws i am sure that this toy is perfect for me since i cant get a pet since my sister already has a dog......im getting 2 since i want twins so this is the exact one im getting and i will comment the other one that i am getting also", 5.0
"I love my tamagotchi. It is won of the best things ever.  The people who invented this are totally awesome.  My tamagotchi is so neat.  I do not have any problems with it.  I can't put it down.  People, you have got to try this.  It is    fun fun fun.", 5.0
"I have all the Tamagotchi's ever made, and I think that this one is by far THE BEST!!!! It is so much fun because you get to play new games like dance, jumprope, mimic, and shape. Your tama also gets to got to school, pre-school, and get a job when it evolves into a adult. it's so very fun!@!! Oh, and you also get mail, like from your teacher when you go to preschool and school and you can get mail from the king and sometimes he gives you gotchi-points!! Hope this was helpful!", 4.0
"yah i just got this and it is so cool i luv it so much yah your tama like can go to scooll duh and get a job and their are new items like a piano yah like toadaly it is awespme and i ply it all da time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"THE EN", 2.0
"Although I don't own it,I know this newest Tama will be a huge hit.", 4.0
"Why?Because your Tamagotchi pet can now go to school and get a job.There over 20 new characters,and as far as I've read 20 new games.", 5.0
"Everybody just loves Tamagotchis,and this one will probably be really good.", 4.0
"           I know this review didn't help very much but I tried my best!", 4.0
"            I'll write a better more detailed review when I get my V4.", 2.0
"                                                                                         Happy 2007!-from Alexandr", 5.0
"OMYGOD OMYGOD OMYGOD THE V4 CAME OUT OMY FREAKING GOD COOOL!", 5.0
"I AM A HUGE TAMAGOTCHI FAN I HAVE ALMOST EVERYTHING IN THE TAMAGOTCHI COLLECTION AND I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS JUST CAME OUT!!!!!!COOL I SO WANT IT IT'LL BE SO GREAT BUY IT PEOPLE BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"It Doesnt Say that the things are only 3 inches anywhere man.  i got them in the mail and was pretty bummed out.  i just started collecting mcfarlane toys, but now i know to check the size of the box, which i would'nt or didnt do b4.  learning experience for me i guess, but i was still pissed of", 5.0
"The description clearly states the size (3 inches) of these very detailed and attractive collectibles. They're not really playthings, of course, since they are not articulated, and it would have been nicer if the figures in the series were available individually instead of in pairs so one could buy the players one wanted and skip the others.", 2.0
"I had no idea how tiny these dolls were going to be. There should have been something in the advertising to let a collector of McFarlane NBA dolls know that these were not the normal size; and were, in fact, miniatures.  They hardly look like anybody, let alone Allen Iverson and Chris Webber. A HUGE disappointment for me and my son", 5.0
"This is an excellent starter cube.  The 2x2 is perfect for training aspiring cubers on cubing fundamentals without all the intimidation that comes with your first spin of a 3x3.", 5.0
"A 2x2 is challenging enough for the amateur cuber to keep him occupied, building up just enough confidence for the aspiring cuber to not be fully intimidated by the 3x3.", 5.0
"I recommend this cube to all the kids I meet at tournaments", 5.0
"This little cube is the perfect starting point for anyone fascinated by Rubik's cubes", 5.0
"I've read several reviews on this item and quite honestly, I don't understand why so many people have posted negative reviews.  This is a wonderful toy that allows children to be creative.  My 5-year-old son has thoroughly enjoyed this product.  I gave him a wet rag to use to clean it which does work better than the sponge that comes with the toy.  I am not big on the stencils since they restrict creativity but he has used them to trace designs onto the Doodle Pro board which does encourage fine motor development.", 5.0
"Overall, a great toy to take in the car or to a resturant or simply to use to make brilliant drawings at home.", 1.0
"First of all, YES the markers stain,  so keep that in mind when having your children sit down to play with this.  The GOOD news is that the stains DO come out.  For those of you having problems try adding whatever clothing is stained to a bucket of HOT water...  Pour 1/4th -1/2 cup of Hydrogen Peroxide into the bucket and let sit for 30-45 minutes.   The stains DO come out..   This product is EXCELLENT for pre-schoolers who have an interest in drawing.  I LOVE the trace mechanism on this and quite frankly it's one of the best "Trace" teaching tools i've seen.   The children LOVE the "flourescent" look and it's been hard to get this away from them!    You can also add pictures for them to draw by making your own..... Just use a white crayon or marker to highlight the picture and voila you have more pictures..", 4.0
"I was given the Fisher-Price "Doodle Pro Glow" for my son's birthday.  Although the concept of the Doodle Pro Glow is unique, the product itself fails to live up to its expectations.  The pens that came with our BRAND NEW Doodle Pro were used and didn't last more than a couple of days.  The screen is extremely hard to clean and I had to resort to using a window cleaner to remove the gunk that seems to get caked on.  The product comes with an "eraser" which is no more than a piece of cheap dishwashing sponge that disintegrates after a few wipes (not to mention that it doesn't get anything off in the first place!).  The eraser shown on the packaging is false advertisement since it is NOT the one you get with the product so Fisher Price should really change its advertising to reflect the true product.  Fisher Price has always been a brand I've trusted and enjoyed so I was very disappointed at how shoddy this product was.  Needless to say, after a couple of days I took the Doodle Pro Glow to my nearest ToysRUs for a full refund", 1.0
"My daughter is 4 years old and LOVES to trace so I decided to by her the Doodle Pro Glow.  From the outside it looked like a snap to wipe clean, what a mistake!  First you have to make sure that your child does not smear the marker (which stains) all over the place, second they provide you with a tiny sponge (not the same as the picture on the box)and you have to wash it clean after every stroke across the board. I don't know about you but I get tired of running back and fourth trying to keep it clean.  Third you then have to wipe the board clean with a dry cloth since the wet sponge never gets all of it off.", 2.0
"Take my advice and pass up this toy and go for the simple Doodle Pro, much easier all around.", 2.0
"WHEN GRANDMA BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 3YR OLD SON, I DIDN'T THINK IT WAS GOING TO BE A BIG HIT BECAUSE MY SON DOESN'T LIKE TO COLOR OR WRITE.  HOWEVER HE HAS BEEN A TRACING FOOL SINCE HE GOT IT!  WE'VE HAD IT FOR ABOUT 2 MONTHS NOW, AND IT HASN'T BROKEN.  HE LOVES THE SPONGE AND HE GETS A KLEENEX(BECAUSE ITS SOFT) AND CLEANS THE SCREEN ALL BY HIMSELF. (HE'S PROUD OF THAT)I ALSO NOTICE HIS WRITING IN PRESCHOOL HAS IMPROVED.  I WOULD DEFINATELY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY CHILD.  IN FACT THE REASON WHY I WAS ON AMAZON WAS TO LOOK FOR THE ACCESSORIES.  THEY HAVE MORE MARKERS AND TRACING TEMPLATES AVAILABLE THAT I'M TRYING TO FIND", 1.0
"We got this bike for my 2 1/2 year old and it's great.  He can peddle himself and learn to steer, or I can push him and make the handles stay straight. The handle that pushed from behind is tall enough for an adult, yet if my son wants to push, it goes down to his size. I like the size of this XL, the regular fold 2 go seemed too small for my growing boy.  The best part is if he doesn't want to peddle, the peddles don't move, so if you're pushing him, his feet don't have to go unless he wants to peddle.  Overall, a great bike for a learning toddler", 1.0
"Radio Flyer seriously messed up when they designed this trike. Part of the concept is great... it folds up! The second part of the concept is the telescoping handle that does not steer, is kinda jiggly to start with, and isn't wide enough for you to really steer your kid with. The problem lies in the design. You can't have the ability to co-pilot like the other radio flyer trikes because it folds up. That disconnects the handle in rear from the front wheel, which is what steers. It jiggles around because it telescopes out, meaning all those little spaces in between where one segment fits into the next equals a lot of room by the time you pull it out all the way. Being that you can't easily steer (you have to pick up the back or lift the front to turn if you have the steering locked), you have to push to back and forth to keep it going straight. THis is hard to do with the small handle they put on this thing. Save your money and get one of their other ones, which all have great reviews", 5.0
"Works well enough once your kid can pedal themselves, although both my kids tipped it plenty of times.", 4.0
"The steering bar isn't effective.  It has too much give prob from the fact it's designed to collapse.  Plus it doesn't actually steer the bike (some fancier models have this option).", 5.0
"The pin to lock the handle bars doesn't always stick.", 4.0
"There are no brakes on this thing.  Good for pushing your kid around when they haven't figured out the concept of pedals.  Dangerous if your kid is old enough to ride themself and goes careening down a hill because they can't stop and don't want to use the Fred Flinstone braking method.", 5.0
"Not worth the money, imo", 5.0
"This bike is pretty lame. It would be worth the money to buy one that you can steer when you have control of the handle. It was cheap so that was it's best selling point.", 5.0
"I bought this Trike for my one year old Grandson and although he is out of town my Daughter says he loves it and even enjoys pushing other people around on it. So it seems to be a great present and probably the first of many bikes he will have in his life", 4.0
"My son is 2 and a half and this was his first bike.He looks adorable on the bike but unless I want to go over and help him he can't seem to manage on his own.Why?Well the darn trike is impossible to steer for one and secondly it tips over very easily.It is really unsturdy.Also what is up with no breaks? This is a cute bike to take some pics looking cute but for serious bike riding..forget it! -mom in Orlando,F", 5.0
"My son is almost [...] - he loved the bike but it took less then 1 weekend for the handle to break off.", 5.0
"I thought that we just got a bad sample so we requested a replacement, it took less than 5 minutes for this one to break.", 1.0
"So my son does not have a bike and I have to start looking for one that will last 1 summer at least.", 1.0
"This is your best way to purchase these!  These are all we use and we love them!", 4.0
"We received this trike as a gift 1 year ago when my daughter was 18 months old.  She has loved it from day 1.  I didn't expect her to be able to ride it very well then, but she sure proved me wrong!  We did have one other trike and it was hard for her to reach the peddles, but not on this one.  It is very easy for her to peddle and she loves to carry around her toys/dolls in the bucket in the back.  I would definitely recommend this trike!!", 5.0
"Plain and simple - you get what you pay for.  $40 for a tricycle = a dangerous tricycle.  Simply touching the handle bars on this trike, and the whole thing goes down!  I'm glad we tried it indoors and not on the concrete!!  We received it as a gift, and after the handle bar incident happened twice, I did some online research and found out how dangerous this trike is!  Invest a bit more money and get the Kettler - well made, sturdy, safe, worth the price!  Shame on you Radio Flyer", 5.0
"I bought this for my 18 month old daughter.  She loves it, but has a tendency to tip it over when she tries to ride on it.  It is much more difficult to steer and keep upright than her other ride on toys, but she is learning!  If you are a nervous mom, wait until your child is a little older to enjoy this, but it is soooo cute and she really loves the compartment (we call it the trunk) for her to put a stuffed friend to come along for the ride", 4.0
"I bought this bike for my daughter's 3rd birthday.  She absolutely loves it. She rides it all the time and it is the one and only bike that she can reach to get the peddles around all the way.  This bike is wonderful for the littler child who can't seem to quite reach the peddles on other similar size bikes.  The way it's built enables the child to reach without having to be uncomfortable by sitting way forward.  It is GREAT!!", 4.0
"The trike has been a big hit for our two year old. She is learning to pedal on it and it gets use everyday. Its great for a beginner.", 5.0
"The bike can tip, but my toddler is able to put her foot down.", 5.0
"Parents who judge education systems/software by ability to keep the attention of today's ADD children regardless of actual educational content may like this.  They'll be the only ones though since there is no educational content.  "I love birthday parties, yeah" - "They're here, let the party begin" - "oink oink".  This is all we here from these machines when we use them, which isn't often.  Kids click on the pictures to elicit related and often unrelated noises - that is it.  There is little actual phonics training.  The phonics "games" only ask about one softball question per minute surrounded by a lot of ADD attention getting fluff.  These are entertainment systems, not educational systems.  We should note that the Leapfrog brand DVDs we have are not like the Leappads at all.  The DVDs are very good.  The Leappads are worthless", 4.0
"I got this for my son's 9th birthday. It looked like so much fun, but it is just a bunch of colored ping pong balls on top of a hair dryer. Lots of tiny pieces. They invented a lot of ridiculously complicated games to disguise the essential boringness. I almost returned it but couldn't face the repacking. No one plays with it, I'll probably pitch it into the trash in a few weeks", 5.0
"My daughter loves this little Radio Flyer Tricyle!!!  She rides it around the house constantly and it seems sturdy and well made.  Great buy", 4.0
"Be careful when ordering Radio Flyers off the web. The pictures are often crossed with similar items. This one for instance DID NOT come with the "rod" that can be used for an adult to push the trike with. I suggest checking the item out in a store and writing down the model/SKU number.", 5.0
"Other than that my daughter loves it", 4.0
"The shiny chrome handle bars cannot be tightened properly. The result is a constant misalignment, and a consistent loosening of the front wheel assembly.  "Why did my bike break into two pieces, daddy?" wondered my three year old as I tried picking-up the bike by the handle bar", 1.0
"Bought this for Christmas and although it did assemble easily and looked great my daughter was able to turn the handle bars and get them out of alignment.  I tried several times to tighten the handle bars but no matter what I did it is always easy to turn the handle bars and they will slip out of place.  Also the front wheel was out of alignment and not perpendicular with the ground (another review mentioned the same thing so apparently it is not just the one I bought).  Very disappointing and I will be returning it", 1.0
"Looks nice, but remember this is an inexpensive toy.  So the stamped steel pieces and hardware show their "Made in China" origins.  Front wheel is not true (straight), thereby making aligning the handlebars with the front fender and wheel impossible.  Very aggravating.  So handlebars are now straight in reference to the frame, but the front wheel tilts over a tiny bit, and the front fender sits crooked.  And that's the best compromise.  Paint seems nice, though", 5.0
"I got this tricycle for my nephew for his second birthday.  Although it may be a little beyond him, he was still dazzled by it.  The seat is comfortable enough for them to stay on it and is adjustable.  Assembly is pretty straight forward and simple.", 5.0
"I gave it 4 stars because there were a couple parts that seemed a little flimsy.  The rear step is press formed and a little thin.  The same process was used for the seat.  Another minor defect was that the seat wasn't perfectly square to the body.  Since the adjustable rod for the seat is squared, when you tighten the set screw, it forces it to that offcenter point.  Something I noticed, but it's not dramatic and certainly wouldn't affect the ridability.", 4.0
"A fun toy for a toddler in your life", 1.0
"Don't be fooled by the description - this trike does NOT come with a pushbar, nor does it appear to be compatible with a pushbar.  After contacting Amazon, they offered to let us disassemble it to send it back and they would send us another of the same model, which doesn't solve our problem.  It looks beautiful and assembled fairly easily though, if you are looking for a nice trike without a pushbar", 5.0
"I requested this cart for my 2 yr. old last Christmas - it's cute and "goes with" her dolly, but I really wish I'd asked for a more sturdy cart. She likes that the basket separates, but the handle is so flush with the basket, she can only put smaller things in it. I thought it'd be fun that the basket and seat detach, but they are difficult for a child to put back on and she has to ask me to do it. Plus, both of her dollies' legs get caught in the seat so she can't get them out either. Most of the food things are cardboard, which I yes, laminated with packaging tape, and they still did not hold up. The banana, milk and dish are cute, but I don't think they warrent choosing this cart", 5.0
"Thank you for your prompt mailing of the Little Mommy's Shopping Cart.  It was received in good condition", 4.0
"I have a 3 year old and 21 month old and both enjoy playing with the shopping cart.  They put their dolls in the booster seat or the cart, depending on how many babies are going shopping.  They especially love the banana that peels and the milk that pours!  The cell phone is a big hit too.  The cardboard box foods were ruined within a few days, but otherwise it has held up quite well.  We put the food all over the house and then go shopping, adding the food to our cart.  The girls love it", 5.0
"My husband and I just bought this toy for my daughter today. She loved her cousin's 'similar' toy (different brand), but we thought this product was cuter, although more expensive. Well after 20 minutes of play, we decided that it needed to go back for several reasons:", 5.0
"1. The wheels are very cheaply made and do not turn (her cousin's cart turned like a real cart).", 5.0
"2. The basket is way too small.", 4.0
"3. The basket comes off too easily.", 4.0
"4. The cardboard boxes are obviously silly and wouldn't last a minute if we had given them to her, but the cuteness of the other food items outweighed this negative point for us.", 5.0
"Due to numbers 1 and 3 above, my daughter became easily frustrated with the cart not turning. But being a good sport, she moved around to the other side trying to turn it that way, but then of course the basket (which almost falls off anyway), gives way and she fell flat on her face. Shame on us for choosing "cute" over sturdy! Beware - this product may be unsafe. We're taking it back today and exchanging it for the same one her cousin had at 1/3 of the price -", 5.0
"we already know it will turn, the basket is large, and it won't fall apart!", 5.0
"My daughter absolutely loves this toy. I don't think i could have asked for a more durable toy. My daughter actually tries to climb in it and the frame stays together fabulously. The cardboard food was almost immediately ruined by her sitting in the basket but overall is loads of fun for her.", 5.0
"My 4 and 2 year olds love this.  We have had it for a year and they are still playing with it.", 4.0
"NICE PRODUCT.NICE STORY AND BOTH MY GRANDDAUGHTER 10 MONTHS,AND MY DAUGHTER 24,WERE AMAZED AT THE CAMERA TAKING PICTURES AS THE STORY WENT ON.THEY LOVE IT", 4.0
"My 10 year old son is the person that received the Star Wars Episode III General Grievous Chase lego toy. He had saved up his allowance to purchase it and we were very pleased with the toy! He was able to follow the directions by himself, it did take quite awhile to put together, but he did it all in one day. He is very pleased with the toy. I was nervous with how expensive it was, but it is a larger toy and it does a few things. It was worth the money and we were very pleased all the way around, including the fact that it arrived before we anticipated it to.", 4.0
" I got this Lego set for my brother for Christmas. HE LOVED IT. It wasnt very hard to build it (which is a good thing in some ways). He had a lot of fun building it, and I, Myself sat down and played with it with all of his other lego Star Wars sets, (Clone turbo tank, wookie catamaren, Wookie Attack, Mustafar playset, Space battle (Obi-Wan's and Anakin's Starfighter), Arc fighter, AT-RT, Tri fighter, V-wing, X-wing, B-wing, A-wing.....etc) Sorry about that  not to be a braggart.  I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS TOY!!!!!!     ITS THE BOMB", 4.0
"My son was thrilled to get this for Christmas:) Fast shipping and a good price", 5.0
"this  set is good but the grievous minifig is that durable but the set comes with good peices like 6 lightsabers! and boga and obi-wan pretty cool", 5.0
"Good challenge for my 8 year old to put together... not too difficult as to be frustrating but hard enough to make him think a bit.", 5.0
"He loves Star Wars so he has spent a good amount of time playing with the toy after putting it together", 5.0
"  Obi-Wan comes with a lizard that looks like its wearing a headress. Very cool. It comes with some kind of reins, and a saddle  that is built. The lizard, named Boga, is about a foot long. Obi-Wan himself comes with a brown cape and a top similar to Ep.1 Anakin's. Also, this kit comes with 5 lightsabers, 3 blue and 2 green, plus an extra hilt. The lightsabers have to be assembled.", 1.0
"     Now for Grievous. His cape is red on the inside and gray on the outside, with some kind of black pattern. His body is white and best described as similar to an Ep.1 droid with four arms that only move from side to side. He rides an interesting spidery-looking contraption with four guns.", 5.0
"it blows my mind how lego can make whatever they want out of lego first its darth vader or chebacca now A GENERAL GRIEVOUS!!!!!!!!!!!! thats just amzing 5 stars for grievous 4 for the set. WELL DONE LEGO", 4.0
"This is perfect for the younger toddlers! My daughter loves this one. It was definitely a smart purchase considering the machine itself doesn't come with one that is for the younger age group! A must have for children around 3", 1.0
"Lets start by saying that this item is over-priced.  Miss Weather is very limited.  How much better if there were: at least three pages, many outfits, backgrounds, and objects. Miss Weather Dress-Up leaves little to the imagination. This is an item that offers little.", 5.0
"My sons are devoted fans of the Killer Rabbits produced by Toy Vault.  This was the only one they hadn't got, and they are delighted to have it now.  It is suitably ferocious, like all the others, and best of all, it has flashing red eyes for an added touch of fearsomeness.  I only bought them one, hoping they would share it, but they fight over it so much I will probably have to buy them another one", 5.0
"This rabbit not only looks like the one from Monty Python and the Holy Grail, it also has light up eyes!  Very soft and well consturcte", 2.0
"This toy is fun... but a bit on the creepy side.  Also, it loses its appeal kind of fast", 1.0
"My 5 year-old k'nex fan loves this.  Of course, Dad helped build it.  Pretty impressive that it actually does walk (forward and backward). Not sure about replay value - it will probably just join the kit of other k'nex parts & plans..", 5.0
"A very good toy for kids if you wish them to really use their imagination. Lots of things kids can create with this toy, not just dinosaurs", 4.0
"This was a great toy to purchase.  It has multiple designs for you to choose from and the fact that it walks makes it all the more fun.  If you are buying this for a k'nex expert they will still have a good time building it, and can always use the parts for other projects when they are done.", 5.0
"My 2 year old grandson loves this toy.  He plays with it by himself but much prefers me to play with him.  It is well worth the money", 1.0
"I have to admit I was disappointed to see the FisherPrice stopped manufacturing the airport set. I saw this, ordered it and am very satisfied. It isn't FisherPrice quality but very close. My 2 1/2 yr old plays with it with her older friends (up to age 8).", 5.0
"Since we live on a small island in the caribbean, the airport is a big deal here and gets alot of play. In general, I believe all children love to play with the airport playsets, and more manufacturers should make it. In any case, this is a good toy for both boys & girls", 5.0
"My two-year-old daughter loves her computer!  We started with the 1-3 software- the one that came with it, Let's Imagine and Home Hunt.  Those are more interactive it seems than the 3-5 software, but she really enjoys World of Colors anyway.  She thinks it's funny to make a purple banana.", 5.0
"The only negatives about the older software is the use of the word "dummy" and "move" as another review mentioned.  Also, the World of Colors just has one level.  The younger software provides more variety with the levels.  The software that comes with the overlay can be frustrating to you and your toddler at first.  My daughter wouldn't leave it on the keyboard at first but after a couple of times learned to accept it and use it appropriately.  Now she knows which overlay she needs with which game.", 4.0
"All the software is easy to change into another language which has been a great reinforcer for her Spanish class as well.", 2.0
"The rude comments on the software has actually opened up a discussion with her about what would be better to say or what's nice and what's not.", 5.0
"My daughter spends at least an hour with it each time she sits down to it which is about once a week (I don't allow her to use it more than twice a week).", 5.0
"The main thing is that it reinforces colors and shapes and creates a fun environment that holds her attention.  Plus, she loves being in control of the happenings.  I don't feel guilty setting her in front of it while I try to get something else done because it does provide some learning.", 1.0
"It's better than just watching a TV show, but of course will never compare with human interaction.", 2.0
"I did a lot of research before purchasing this computer. I read a lot of rave reviews,but  was greatly dissapointed!  First it was great (1 week), then we had problems, it would show upside down on the screen, we fixed that, then we had no keyboard, the cd itself worked.  I have written twice to the customer service over the span of 7months and I still haven't got a response. I would call, but no number on their website. go with Leapster instead, don't waste your money", 4.0
"We attached the Imaginative Minds keyboard to an extra computer we had and put it in the children's playroom.  They love it! Teaches them colors, what color combinations make (red & yellow make orange!), shapes and they love the music. The initial software is a bit limited for older children (we have a 1, 2 and 4 year old that use this)but just fine for the younger one. The buttons are nice and large for little hands to manipulate but I think the children were a little disappointed that the phone didn't work and I fear it will be lost quickly since it is not attached. All in all a little pricey but a very solid and entertaining product. Definitely a plus that you can switch to other language as well!", 5.0
"My son is 22 month old and he absolutely loves it.  He literally does not want to go to bed and wants to play in the morning as soon as he wakes up.  We set his computer and his desk in our office, and now mom, dad, and son play/work in the computers together.", 5.0
"He finds it amazing that this "big TV" actually responds to him when he hits the keyboard. Right away he started repeating the words, and became more interested in expanding his vocabulary by watching our every move too. I bought Let's Imagine and Birthday Party. Some of the cds have a choice for Portuguese, which is my first language. He is speaking both English and Portuguese, and the softwares are helping in his language development. He does not stay in front of the computer for too long, as he is very active and needs to be always moving.  But he is having a lot of fun for the 10-15 minutes a time he plays with it.", 5.0
"I strongly recommend for younger toddlers.", 5.0
"For Christmas, my mother bought this keyboard for my son. He was just a few days shy if his first birthday. Since he is always fascinated by Mommy and Daddy on their computers we all thought this would be a good idea. He absolutely was fascinated the first time we put this in front of him. I completely agree with previous people that the software that comes with this is basic. It is completely age appropriate for him since he's 1, but I couldn't imagine in 6 months this software keeping him interested in the slightest. For now though, it does. We do have the additional software as well and my only complaint is for the ones with an overlay I have to physically tape them to the keyboard for him to play with them. Once he's older that shouldn't be necessary but try to explain the logic of an overlay to a 1 year old is not really an option.", 4.0
"My daughter plays with this every day. Awesome toy. This is the only toy I know of that you can play with in so many languages. Very educational", 5.0
"We bought this for our three-year-old daughter. I do not even know where to begin to convey my disappointment. This is no better than a plastic toy that lights up as you push buttons.", 5.0
"First, The price of the unit plus the software is ridiculous for what you actually get.", 5.0
"Second, the software is a JOKE. It is not intuitive. It is not challenging. It is hardly interactive. There is nothing to be learned except the word "dummy".  The voices are disturbing and the diaglogue is snippy at some times. Most of the time you just sit there and watch what little content is available on each program, instead of interacting and learning.  It is actually worse than plopping your toddler in front of the TV.", 4.0
"The overall concept and idea is good and we were very excited about it. We were expecting to learn colors, numbers, letters, and a lot more interactivity such as games,puzzles and problem solving.  There is freeware/shareware available on the internet that is far better than this. I'm wondering who was consulted when Comfy designed this stuff. I was an early childhood educator for 10 years and I would never have used this in my class.", 5.0
"The software titles we purchased are Christmas in Comfyland, Joy of Music, Animal World, Your Neighborhood, and World of Colors. All a complete and total waste of money. I am so sick about it. I know I sound harsh, but I don't want anyone to waste their money like we did.", 5.0
"I got this product for my 2 year old granddaughter for Christmas.She had a lot of fun with it while I let her play with it. However, as soon as I heard thewords "MOVE" instead of excuse me please, and the sun calling the moon "DUMMY". That was it. We have taught our granddaughter to be polite. She says please, thank you, and excuse me. I think this toy is teaching the wrong things to small children. They will learn rudeness soon enough at school, they don't need to learn it at home", 4.0
"Our daughter is 16 months old and she loves this.", 5.0
"We got it because she saw us use the computer and wanted to use (bang on) the computer too. Note, you almost definitely will want to buy some of the add on software to go with this. The software that comes with the keyboard is intentionally quite simple.  We got "My Home" and that has much longer and varied animations.", 5.0
"Another nice feature is that all of the software comes with many different languages. So we could, for example, switch it to Spanish mode to help her learn Spanish.", 4.0
"We are so happy with this product that we are thinking of buying up a lot more of their software titles.", 4.0
"We purchased this toy becuase my husband had one when he was a toddler - about 51 years ago!  While we still have that toy it has gone through many children's hands and is not very playable for our own kids now.  I thought a remake would be alike but it isn't.  The "grun-grun" sound is not the same and much of the toy is made from plastic instead of wood.  The string is quite short so not practical for even my two year old to pull unless I add a longer string to it.  Overall it is a cute dog and durable looking toy -but I wonder will it last as well as the 50+ year old original?", 5.0
"I was very pleased with this DVD game.  It combines all the favorites from my favorite gameshow.  This is a game you can play with a small or large group, or even just wasting time by yourself.  I am a big fan of the classics such as Plinko, Mountain Climber and Safe Cracker... they are all there!  Great fun for the entire family", 5.0
"This is a great family game.  We have enjoyed playing it and it gives the kids an idea of what some things cost.  It encourages competition in a good way because no matter who wins everyone is excited", 5.0
"The first time we played this game, when initially going to the "Contestant's Row" section, it put the same prize up, oh, I don't know - maybe 13 out of 20 times? This is one of the most blatant bugs you can have in a piece of software. In fact, I can't even go on enough as to how horrible this is - if I could get into negative numbers on handing out stars I would. Was there a testing team when this product was developed, or were they permanently out to lunch, playing Halo, or both? Would you like to know how easy it is to write code that WON'T show you the same product 13 out of 20 times when you return to Contestant's Row? It looks something like this:", 1.0
"Randomize", 1.0
"Call ContestRow()", 4.0
"Function ContestRow()", 2.0
" prize_number = Int((100 * Rnd) + 1)", 2.0
" DisplayPrize(prize_number)", 4.0
"End Function", 4.0
"Function DisplayPrize(number)", 5.0
" wscript.echo number", 1.0
"End Function", 5.0
"Doesn't look so big of task, does it? That is if you are a software developer. If I wrote code like the people that developed this game I would never sell anything due to the frequent requests of my customers to return their money, which leads me to believe that this product's software development was perhaps left in the hands of the Director of Marketing in an effort to cut costs? Or maybe it was the janitor...", 5.0
"My family and I range in age from 12-45 and are a huge fans of the show.  The DVD game was very disappointing.  The scenes were  choppy.  After only one time playing the game, we already had prizes repeating.  There was no way to tell the winner.  You had to keep track of your own winnings, but the prices were not always given.  I would not recommend this game no matter the age", 4.0
"I purchased this game with the highest of hopes and expectations.  It turned out to be fun for 15 to 30 minutes.  Most of the audio just cuts off in many places, the movement is very choppy overall, and about the boards they give you to write down the amount of the prizes that you've won, yeah well, it would be nice if they gave you the amount!  They give you nothing of the kind in the pricing games, so what are the boards for?!", 5.0
"I could go on, but I won't.  This game could have been so much better, I am not thrilled at all", 5.0
"I really enjoy the game & so do my grand kids, especially Plinko.It's great fun & just like on TV. The only problem is that there are not enough variables in the games and after awhile you know the prices. It's a little repetitive. I give it 4 stars over all", 5.0
"For the money, the gears are great.  The gears do wear out in the kids manually turn the gears the opposite way.", 5.0
"The gears help stimulate creativity with their varying colors and patterns.  It's mesmerizing to watch them when they're connected together, and fun to change the patterns.  My kids love them", 5.0
"I bought my first Gearation for my refrigertor primarily for an 18 months old grandson.  He loved it and still goes straight to my refrigerator when he comes in. ... BUT ... everyone else in my family plays with it .. ages from 3 years to 70.  It is fascinating, very sturdy, strong magnets, and long lasting battery.  I have not had to replace the battery for 6 months.  I tell everyone that this is the best toy I have every purchased for the price.", 5.0
"Joan in Louisian", 4.0
"My son enjoyed this toy since I got it for him at about 15 months old.  He couldn't turn it on and off himself til maybe a couple months later, but he liked playing w/ the gears.  Now when he plays w/ it once in a while, he usually leaves it running, but we haven't had to change the batteries very often.  Not sure why it's rated for 3+, probably for the small size and stickers, but the smallest gear is about 1 1/2" in diameter and would be pretty tough to choke on.  It's well made.  The stickers haven't peeled off after a lot of handling and the magnets are firmly in place.  The gears turn very smoothly.  It works great on the fridge or on magnetic dry erase boards", 5.0
"My son received this toy when he was 2 years old, he is now 7 years and my 2 year old daughter plays with it. It has held up very well, but they don't play roughly with their toys. They liked being able to reconfigure the gears and play with the large one separately. It has lasted a long time with gentle play", 5.0
"We purchased this wagon for our daughter to celebrate her first birthday and she loves!! We spent the entire day Sunday pulling her up and down our driveway and she was singing, smiling and waving the entire time. We have used it every day this week; in the yard, at the park, at a friend's house. It is sooo cute and really versatile. Plus it was super easy to put together, which my hubby liked!  In fact, he said it was the easiest "baby" item he has assembled. :-)  It is a bit pricier than some wagons, but definitely worth it (esp if you get it here with the free shipping deal)  We paid a total of 129.99 and found this exact wagon for sale several other places from 149.99 up to 179.99 PLUS shipping!  Buy this one, you won't be sorry", 5.0
"We believed this was the greatest purchase for our twins as it offered two seats, extra cup holders, and storage. Then one of my sons (18 mos.) stuck his finger in the hole designed for the canopy. We could have broken his finger after attempting to grab him (screaming) out of the wagon without knowing it was lodged. I called Radio Flyer since it was very scary and difficult to remove my son's finger.", 4.0
"I liked this wagon very much and decided to try it one more time, but my kids were still too curious about the holes. Plus their fingers are not getting any smaller. Now the wagon is going back to Radio Flyer. The company offered to pick it up for a full refund.", 4.0
"Radio Flyer is so far treating this is as isolated case. The company will not currently recall wagons with canopy holes. My issue was still suppose to be escalated throughout Radio Flyer's executive management. So there might be future design changes, but not now. I cannot imagine this issue being an isolated problem.", 1.0
"The canopy is nice to use on really sunny days, but not all the time. Nothing else could be used to plug the (4) holes since that may pose a choking hazard. We're very bummed about giving up the wagon, but it makes sense for safety reasons.", 5.0
"We bought this wagon for our twins that are turning 1 in April. They absolutely LOVE this wagon. We take them for a walk every evening and we get so many compliments. Many moms comment that they wish they would have had something like it when their kids were small. I love that it has seat belts so that my kids are comfortable and safe at the same time. Also...my kids are very fair skinned, so it is nice to have the canopy to cover them on sunny days. The only thing we would change about the product is the bars that hold up the canopy inside the wagon. They slide right out and with curious kids like mine, they like to reach up and pull them down. We were afraid the one of them is going to hurt the other with it, so we had to remove them. I'm sure as they get older we will be able to put them back in. The canopy sags a little without them, but not enough to make a huge difference. The price was a bit high, but I can honestly say it is one of the best items we have bought them and it is worth the $$$!!!", 5.0
"For the price, we got what we paid for.  The canopy works well on sunny days.  Our 15 month old seems to like it.  The cup holders come in handy for sippy cups and bottles.  They also work for keys and other miscellaneous things.  The canopy assembles in about a couple of minutes when we reassemble it from our minivan.  It fits in the back of our minivan and still have room for a stroller and an utility box for storage.  We have a late model Sienna.  I only have one comment about the initial assembly of the wagon.  Like most other fathers, I did not read the instruction as closely as I should.  I put one of the washers in the wrong order and I had to disassemble the cap that holds the wheel together.  It was a b*&^% to remove.  Just read the instructions carefully, otherwise it is a great wagon.", 4.0
"When I bought this product, I didn't know if we'd use it alot.  Well, I was wrong.  Forget the stroller on casual walks in the neighborhood or on the boardwalk!  Kids love riding this wagon and the ease of use really helps!  Its very easy to assemble, the item is lightweight, and the steering is easy.  I love the safety belts to keep them safe.  The wheels are easy to maneuver as well.  There's even a spot for me to put my soda or coffee!  How nice!  A definite buy!  I wish they'd make a bigger one to hold 3 childen", 5.0
"This is a great wagon- Easy to handle, my girls love it! I have an 18 month, and a 4 year old, and they both fit very comfortably- with lots of room to spare for the Maltese dog we have- though the top could be made sturdier, and with a little more coverage- but all in all it is worth the money for sure", 5.0
"The item I ordered was delivered sooner then I expected. The package was delivered without any problems.  Great Servic,  the wagon is exceptional! Very sturdy, exactly as described.  I highly recommend this child's wagon to anyone intersted in safety, durability and comfort.", 4.0
"We wanted light weight, durable for camping or parades, big enough for a 3 and a 4 year old.  This had it all!  The canopy is adorable. The kids love it", 5.0
"I LOVE this wagon!  My mom purchased it for my 2 sons because my 2 year old hates the  double stroller.  They love this wagon!  My youngest just turned 1 and I don't even have a problem with him trying to climb out while we're moving. They love sitting like big boys and looking out while we walk. The lap belts are very helpful just in case.  There is a little storage compartment behind the back seat which is great for my things.  My only (very small) gripe is that the sippy cup holders for the kids are down inside the wagon at their feet.  It's easy for them to reach, but they get knocked over and roll around the bottom.  Some of the other models have the kids cup holder up on the side.  I think I would like that better, but it may be in the way there also...I don't know.  It's not that big of a deal.  My favorite feature is the canopy.  It installs very quickly and since we live in Texas, I use it constantly.  The handle folds flat for easy storage.  The wagon is a pretty good size, but it fits fine in the back of my Jeep Cherokee if we take it with us somewhere (which we do constantly).  I don't know how well it would fit in the back of a car trunk.  The wheels are real rubber too so it seems to have a smoother ride than the one with plastic wheels.  I can't think of a better alternative for a double stroller.  My boys just love it", 5.0
"All I can say about this wagon is that it is awesome my girls LOVE it", 5.0
"I bought the frog habitat before doing any real research into frog keeping, and now I feel I wasted money and I would have deprived my daughter of an actual learning experience had I continued to use it. I ordered a "free" tadpole (with a $7 shipping/handling fee). It came about four weeks later by mail. I put it in the habitat following the directions and it lasted maybe 4 hours. They promptly sent a replacement which lived slightly longer. HEARTBREAKING for my daughter. I've since learned that the kind of tadpole they send is notoriously difficult to care for at that age. I later bought the same kind of tadpole, but much older, at a local store and have it in a conventional aquarium with a filter and aeration. Boy, is that sucker hardy compared to what they sent!", 4.0
"I have put the frog enclosure away. I may use it for crickets or something. The kind of tadpole they send is leopard frog. Leopard frogs are jumpers. Based on my research, the habitat is really too small for this kind of frog. I have since built a terrarium with my daughter that I plan to house the current tad in when it reaches the frog stage. It has nice green plants and dirt and rocks. In short, it is a much more appropriate home for a frog. We had a lot of fun building it and we got to talk about the environment and how things depend on each other. Much more educational and it's prettier to look at.", 4.0
"Also, this thing leaks if you get any water between the plastic layers, which is very easy to do when you fill it", 5.0
"This thing looks like a great idea, but there are fundamental design flaws.  My 7 year daughter waited for the full 10 weeks to receive her "free" tadpole ($6 shipping and handling), and, on day one, we found it had jumped out of the water, and ended up between the plastic layers and died. She was so bumbed.  So, we then purchased a firebelly frog, which eats crickets.  The crickets are now doing the same thing, jumping to the edges, and falling between plastic layers. We're going to replace this thing with a regular 10 gallon tank.", 5.0
"I do admit, the frog looks darn cute in this habitat, but for practicality, it's just not going to work", 4.0
"We got this for our just turned 4-yr old daughter and she LOVES it more than I expected her to.  She wants to dance with the dvd every night and the look on her face is a joy to see!  She was Cinderella during Halloween so she already had the dress and the glass slippers to go with it.  I highly recommend this product.  Tons of fun.  Hard to find though.  I got ours at Toys r Us 2 months before Xmas, it was the last one and the box was pretty beat up.  never saw it at Toys r Us again, glad I got it", 5.0
"Gives kids something to do inside other than just watching TV or playing video games.  This is great and my girls from age 4 - 10 LOVE this!", 5.0
"Great investment, helps my girls with their dancing.  They dance during the week at their classes, but this keeps them dancing at home!", 5.0
"Recomended for everyone", 4.0
"My daughter loves this toy!  I think she played with it all day on Christmas.  She still gets it out and "works" on her dancing!", 5.0
"My daughter received this as a gift for her 5th birthday and she loves it.  And I love it because she's dancing during her TV-time rather than sitting on the couch!  Great, great gift!", 5.0
"Side note: We have a similar product that came with a ballet bar, floor mat and video (not Disney).  It's awful!  The video is boring and makes no sense (my daughter has watched it once in four months).  I'm not a huge Disney fan, but this video is much more engaging than other products on the market", 5.0
"My daughter got this for her 3rd birthday. She loves it. Some of the moves are hard for her to do, but she loves the music and the wand. Any Princess would love this toy", 5.0
"My daughter loves the wand and the mat is used when she wants to color or paint.  The video goes too fast and she didn't really enjoy it", 4.0
"My daughter received this as a Xmas gift and LOVES it. It comes with an invitation to the ball, a wand that changes according to the story (3 different toppers)and other dress up accessories. "Bella" is a younger girl that takes then thru the story of Disney's Cinderella with dance moves.  My daughter also got the glass slippers that are an option and they add to the fun of it. You can hear her dancing through the whole house LOL", 5.0
"I bought this for my 3 1/2 year old for Christmas.  She already has an entire bin of dress up "Princess Clothes" that add a nice finishing touch.  This is by far one of the most enjoyable "toys" I have seen in quite awhile.  I also have a 16 month old who enjoys it as much as her older sister.  Some of the dance moves are a bit old for them, but it doesn't seem to ruin the fun.  We all dress up (finally found a use for old bridesmaids dresses), get our magic wands ready and dance away.  It's actually a very good workout.  The songs are familiar, the "skit" is enjoyable and it gets all of us up off of the couch.  I highly recommend this to anyone with little girls!!! And the rest of us who like to get in touch with the Princess side in all of us", 4.0
"My 3yo and 4yo girls got this for Christmas and they both love it. My 3yo is in ballet and she loves playing with this over and over again. Definitely something a little girl who is in love with dancing would like", 5.0
"This charger works great and allows the kids to keep using the PowerWheels product without interruption. A much better option than the 24 hour charge that comes standard", 5.0
"Very disappointed that the charger was not the correct one even though the web site indicated it was appropriate.  I'm sure it would work on somebody's car.  Now I am stuck with it", 5.0
"A toy that my 4 year old boy keeps playing with over & over again.  The entire series has him captivated.  Up until the Imaginext Dinosaurs he really didn't have any interests, so I am thrilled that we stumbled upon this series.  These are so durable and reasonably priced, too!!", 4.0
"The brontosaurus is yet another of the Imaginext dino toys that are so well-made (durable and adjustable) and fun to play with, our kids really enjoy them.  We have two boys 4 and 6, and they usually have fights between thunder and the t-rex.  With all the smashing and crashing they do, we've had not so much as a paint chip on any of the toys.  The sounds are great, and I love how you can move their legs and tail around.  They make a great addition to our dinosaur collection", 1.0
"I bought this for my 2 1/2 yr. old, who is madly in love with dinosaurs.  This is a really neat toy.  He enjoys the little cavemen that came with it, the sounds the dinosaur makes, and it is clearly his favorite toy for Christmas.  I think what I like the most, is the durable construction, and how it really enables him to use his imagination.  It is a little lop sided, because the foot is raised for a stomping motion when you pull the trigger, but this hasn't bothered him in the least.", 5.0
"His two older brothers, 6 and 4, hover anxiously for him to put this toy down so that they can pounce on it and play with it, so I think this is a great toy for a variety of ages.  I'm looking forward to purchasing more of the collection for all of them", 5.0
"Very neat, detailed & sturdy toy...My boy's love their imaginext dinosaurs (they have them all) The Best part is that you can snap on the caveman's saddle and take him for a ride.. Very cute set! I would definitly recommend buying this toy for a dinosaur loving boy", 5.0
"According to my 3 year old Nephew, Thunder and Razor are the best things since strawberries and Cherrios!  He just loves them and takes them everywhere he goes, including restaurants.  They're a good size and seem to be pretty durable considering he sits on them and they haven't died a horrible toy-death that one can attribute to a child of 3.  These toys have done so well I'll be getting the T-Rex Mountain and the remaining dinos for my nephew for Christmas this year.", 5.0
"The toy is great! My three year old son plays with it all of the time and my one year old tries when her older brother is not looking. They both love it!", 5.0
"My 4 year old loves this toy and loves the T-Rex Mountain that it belongs with.  He spends literally hours pretending", 1.0
"Dinosaurs are the coolest thing that ever happened to Imaginext.  While the pirate and medieval themes are cool, this prehistoric theme takes the prize for ultra coolness.  The premise here is simple enough.  Predators versus non-predators.  Carnivores versus herbivores.", 5.0
"Thunder the Brontosaurus is one of the good guys.  He's one of the biggest dinosaurs, about twice the size of the triceratops, stegosaurus, and allosaurus.  He has posable legs and tail.  His long neck can move back and forth, and left and right.  Atop his neck, his cute little head can move up and down.  A trigger under his belly causes his right foreleg to stomp on the ground, accompanied by sound effects and a dinosaur roar.  Thunder has plenty of charisma, displayed in a cute expression on his face.  He looks like he's determined to stop those nasty predators from hurting his friends.  He has a great paint job of light and dark greens, and the designs on his body add flavor.", 4.0
"On Thunder's back is a really nice saddle for a cave man figure to ride.  The included cave man wears a sabertooth tiger skin headdress and carries a club.  He's got some great posability in the arms, and his hands do a great job of grasping items.", 4.0
"Also included are three red raptors.  Unfortunately, they're not posable like the rest of the dinosaurs are (would've been nice if they were).  Each raptor has a different pose.  Team them up with Slasher the Allosaurus and Razor the T-Rex, and your predators are ready to rumble with Thunder and the good dinosaurs.", 4.0
"Thunder, his cave-man buddy, and the raptors are durable and constructed from soft plastic.  Thunder is a wonderful dinosaur action figure and a great addition to the Imaginext collection.  My verdict:  thumbs way up!  Beware, all you nasty predators!  Thunder is here to protect and defend all that is good in the land of the prehistoric", 4.0
"My son has a huge bin of pirates, so I thought this would be a nice addition to his collection. And the island has been used for his play time very well. However it does not stay together well, and since he is only five, he does not know how to put it together "the way it was." If he were a little older and I didn't have to stop and fix his island I would have given it 5 stars.", 5.0
"It is a fun addition to the rest of our collection.", 5.0
"The box is nice for storage.", 4.0
"Some of the pieces could fit tighter togethe", 5.0
"I got one of these and at first I thought that knitting on this would be hard and confusing, but after a few cycles on the hoop, I could knit with my eyes closed! It's great for rainy days and when you're really bored, and once your done a scarf, hat, etc., you can where it everywhere and and say that you made it. Also, it makes a perfect Christmas gift for family and friends", 5.0
"I have this Barbie Nursery Playset and it compliments my barbie house quite well.  The bouncy seat actually bounces (one must be gentle) and the keys are well loved by baby.  The rest of the toys are ovbiously for an older sister or brother and that's cool, cause it teaches kids that they have to include the older children and teach them how to play with the baby.  The crib is great-haven't had any problems with anything falling apart.  The bottle warmer was a nice touch, an extra that doesn't usually come with kids toys today.  The only problem I have with this toy is Midge.  She lost her red hair and freckles!  Other than that the arms do bend differently, it's so she can hold the tiny baby, and this barbie might be better off if saved for older children who understand the importance of being very carefull with the arms.  All in all, love it!  Keep up the good work Mattel!", 5.0
"First, this is the new Midge. It has her name on the manufacturer review. My only problem is that I really like the pregnant Midge (also available), but she does not come with the furniture. So, I bought both. The nice thing is having two babies (because they are easy to lose). I wish they just sold the furniture separately. Anyway, the toy is lots of fun for my daughter and great for pretend play", 5.0
"My 4 year old daughter bought this set with her birthday money and loves it. The furniture looks darling in her doll house. The crib is really cute, though the little mobile keeps wanting to fall off. She uses the chair all around her doll house. Cute stuff, cute dolls. Reccommend", 5.0
"I am looking forward to 20 years time when I can have a baby and this is cool for practicing. Mummy doll is Midge but I call her Barbie! It comes with alot of accessories for the baby, not just furniture. The baby goes in the bouncer, or Barbie can cradle her/him. This is good practice but the pieces are VERY small and could get lost or be swallowed. But Barbie is a responsible mother and won't let her baby be lost or swallowed so the baby is nice and chubby. There is a cot with pink canopy for when baby gets tired and when baby gets hungry there is a bottle and some nappies and everything you need... including a purple rattle! Bye", 5.0
"Don't worry - she doesn't look so real anymore, but she IS Midge.  But I want Happy Family! *Pout", 5.0
"Wow! MIdge has three children. Ryan, Nikki, and a baby boy. Did Midge have another baby, a baby girl? It sure looks like it! If this is true, Midge has four children! She would look beautiful in Princess Anneliese's wedding gown. GOOD JOB MATTEL!", 4.0
"I am the one who worte the comment "Bring back Happy Family!"and I think this doll is pretty even though it is not a Midge,and I like it a little.Why did you get rid of Happy Family Mattel?Why", 5.0
"It's just a classic.  I fully recommend it for excellent stimulation and imagination.  Full of color and shape and freedom of expression...a very creative toy", 5.0
"I find this set to be exactly as the set I played with in the 1970s.  The five pages of shapes are in a spiral bound book - there are tons of shapes which is great.  My kids, younger than the suggested age at 21 months old, really seem to enjoy this toy - they love stickers, however unlike stickers, Colorforms don't ruin furniture when stuck on wood!  Our Colorforms did not stick well to the two included boards at all - in fact, they fell right off.  I saw another reviewer mention this as well.  I called the manufacturer and they are sending me another set - hopefully these will work better.  I am hoping these are isolated incidents and not an overall product problem.", 5.0
"All in all, a good toy with good play value!", 5.0
"Well, I don't know if it is the dry climate we have in Colorado or what, but these do not stick as described.  Great Idea, just wish they worked better", 5.0
"What is being sold today in stores as Colorforms bears little resemblance to the original Colorforms set.  The original Colorforms has 5 large pages of heavy-duty vinyl shapes in a spiral binder, each page a different color.  The Colorforms stick very well to the 2 boards included in the set, and children (and adults!) can spend hours transforming the shapes into pictures.  The original Colorforms set is pricey but will last a lot longer than today's Colorforms (which seem to lose their stickiness after only a few uses) and really sparks a child's imagination.", 1.0
"A wonderful creative plaything for children, especially in this day of overkill.  Can provide hours of fun on rainy days and families can work together.  Had this as a child myself and remembered it all these years.", 1.0
"This was a very disappointing Christmas gift for my daughter. We were able to return it, so we're happy with Amazon - but it's a bummer of a toy. The problem is that the controllers work so poorly - when you try to use them, you have to keep pressing the buttons over and over and over again to get the signal to register on the DVD player. A very frustrating experience. Not sure if something was wrong with our particular controllers, or if they all work that way.", 1.0
"Another bad feature is that if your child wants to take the game to a friend's house - they have to spend 10 - 15 minutes reprogramming the controllers all over again to work on the friend's particular DVD player", 5.0
"The game was great.  We really enjoyed playing it over the holidays.  It was a fun family game", 5.0
"The DVD version of this game is terrible.  Syncing up the buzzer remotes to the DVD player is a lengthy process.  If successful, once synced the buzzers seem to be effective only half the time during game play.  However, the biggest problem with the game is that if you play the game more than once, several of the questions repeat which makes repeat playing of the game unfun", 5.0
"My 8-yr-old daughter got this for Xmas and we built this together.  It was a nice "bonding" experience between mother and daughter.  She built the base all by herself, and needed a little help when it got to the wheel.  The finished product gave her a great feeling of accomplishment when she first turned it on and saw it spin all by itself.  I asked her if she felt proud of herself and I could just see in her eyes her excitement and pride when she answered yes", 4.0
"Easy to assemble although the music unit would not attach to the ferris wheel and had to just sit next to it.", 5.0
"It was entertaining.", 4.0
"Over all a great product", 4.0
"      I got this pesent for Christmas last year. A few days later I started to make it. It took aprox.4 hours to build. It was fun at first then after 2 hours my hands were hurting and I figured out that alot of peices were wrong and I tried to undo them but my hands hurt like heck. So I left it like it was for a few days. Then a few weeks later my brothers friend came over and fixed it for me. He built it all correct. The music wored fine but the motor would not spin the BIG wheel. It also was quite loud. I dont rate this toy for kids under the age of 11. It was reallt hard. The friend of my brothers was 18. LOL", 5.0
"My six-year-old helped me build this a few days ago and we had a lot of fun with it.  It has some easy assemblies that are great for young kids who can't build the whole wheel themselves.  Build time is around 3 - 4 hours and the result is well worth it.  It's a lot of fun to sit and watch when the music is playing and the wheel is spinning.  My only complaints are that the motor is too loud and the design doesn't allow for easy disengagement of the gears for manual spinning.  And don't forget:  there are instructions to build two other amusement park rides with this set for a total of three rides (but there are only enough pieces to build one at a time).  Overall this is a must-have K'Nex set", 5.0
"My daughter (9 at the time) received this last year and absolutely loves it! She started on building it one day and finished the next, the instructions were easy to follow and she loved the building process more than playing with it at the end!", 5.0
"She has built the other 2 rides as well, but enjoys the ferris wheel the most", 5.0
"We have had this for several years now.  My two boys, now ages seven and five, play with this regularly (several times a week).  It is great for imaginative play.  They have made many scenes, besides just setting up plays.", 2.0
"This is likely the most played toy item we have, and it looks to continue as a favorite for awhile.  They also have the baseball and soccer sets, but football has been the favorite.", 5.0
"The pieces are well made and everything is durable (the felt field is showing a little bit of wear after two years, but that is to be expected).  The case is nice as the kids clean this up themselves by throwing everything in the box, although the felt field is a bit difficult for them to roll up and put away.", 5.0
"If you have kids who are sports-minded, I highly recommend.", 1.0
"My son got these for a Christmas present when he was two years old. He is now four. He has played and played and played with them.  He sets them up on the included field and makes them run plays, tackle each other, huddle, etc.  These were well worth the money.  He takes them everywhere he goes and are a wonderful activity in restaurants and on long trips!", 1.0
"Nothing beats the original.  This one is pretty good, but not near as sturdy.  The plastic parts do slip, so you just need to be extra careful when making your designs and take it slow!  Other than that, my 7-year-old like it", 5.0
"My 7-year old, who loves to draw, also is fascinated with gears.  What better toy to try?  He enjoys the three different activities, especially using the gears.  My 3-year old even uses the gears.  The unit does slide around so the child needs to hold it down with one hand while drawing.  This is not enough to upset my child, who frustrates easily.  I think it could use rubber grips on the bottom of the unit.  I think this is the closest thing to the original Spirograph", 5.0
"These walkie-talkies do not work - period.  You could be 3 feet apart or 200 feet apart and it does not matter, 99 times out of a hundred you can not hear the other person.  My kids were crushed and I had to return the item", 1.0
"My poor 9 year old daughter used her OWN money to buy this item and they didn't even work the FIRST TIME SHE TRIED THEM!!!  They have absolutely NO RECEPTION and are WORTHLESS!!!  Don't waste your money!!!  If I could have given it ZERO STARS, IT WOULD HAVE GOTTEN ZERO STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 1.0
"Our granddaughter loved this toy. From pushing it, to riding it...she loved it. I also liked the animals inside the seat. Great toy", 1.0
"Got this game for Christmas and played with the adult children in the family.  It is a lot like Buzz Word and was a little harder than I anticipated.  Play it with a variety of people so you have more subjects covered and can get more questions right!", 1.0
"These are great. My 4 yr.old grandson loves them. We have an older set of smaller blocks and decided to add these. We also bought the 40 pc. set.  They are good quality, sturdy blocks. He just has so much fun building towers, garages, houses, etc.!", 1.0
"I purchased these blocks for my one year-old grandchild, whom I watch everyday during the week.  He LOVED them!  Actually, all of my grandkids from ages 1 through 8 had a blast playing with these blocks when they came over for Christmas. I ordered the 12-piece set of jumbo blocks to supplement the 40 piece basic set.   I highly recommend getting both sets so that your kids have enough pieces in all sizes.", 1.0
"These cardboard blocks are made of a good quality cardboard.  They are sturdy and hold up well. Children can enjoy creating their own life-size houses, castles, towers etc.  An excellent toy for the young builder", 1.0
"My 3-year old boy plays with these blocks often. They can be roads, towers, support for a race track, buildings, etc. They were easy to put together, after figuring out the first one. I like the fact that they have no batteries and encourage imaginative play. A great tool for the stay-at-home-mom to have", 4.0
"I ordered two sets of these bricks for my 2 year old and 6 year old.  They both will spend long periods of time playing with them.  Although they don't play the same way, it is great to see them each playing with a toy that doesn't do the playing for them.  No lights, sounds, or special effects!!  I am VERY pleased with this purchase and would buy them again for a gift in a heartbeat.  The assembly wasn't as complicated as I was expecting either.  I had both sets folded and put together in under half an hour, and I wasn't trying to hurry either.", 5.0
"I was thrilled with the building blocks I ordered to have on hand for my grandchildren to play with.  They are very sturdy and very , very easy to fold into the bricks.  There extra large size will make sturdy high-rises, or whatever else their furtile imaginations inspire them to build", 4.0
"My son who is 5, loves to pretend and he got one for Christmas.  He loves it and so do his friends.  There is a feature on it that you can calculate.  Very cool", 5.0
"The cash register looked like a great idea for my 3 year old.  The only thing is that the pieces that pop up when you push a button don't stay up, there is no change with the money, and it cracked after she pushed it over on accident once.  I should have thought deeper and known to get one that has a scanner.  Neat thing about it is that it has a calculator, but she is too young to appreciate it yet.  I will get another one", 5.0
"We bought this doll for our 2yr old so that she can identify with a brown-haired, brown-eyed doll. The doll is soft and just the right size to carry around.", 5.0
"My daughter LOVES the Little Mommy dolls, and the Asian and Hispanic are harder to find, but Amazon made it easy, and this is a great price.  Her collection is now complete", 5.0
"I bought this toy for our daughter when she was 15 months old and she has loved it ever since. It is soft and beatiful, safe and durable.....a parents and a child's perfect baby. You can't go wrong with this buy!", 5.0
"This doll is beautiful! My 2 year old daughter loves her. She is soft she smells sweet and she is so cute. She is my daughter's favorite doll. You will not be disappointed if you purchase this doll. She is perfect. We also have the Asian, African-American and white Little Mommy Dolls and they are all equally as wonderful. But the Asian and Hispanic are really unique and I have never seen them in any stores", 5.0
"I have been looking for a doll that has the same coloring as my daughter, and finally I have found it!!!  This is the only doll I have found that is perfect in coloring, not too dark or too light.  I am very excited about this purchase, and can't wait for my daughter to see her new baby", 5.0
"I just bought this doll for my 4 year old daughter.  I found it very difficult to find a doll that had brown hair and brown eyes that wasn't an African American doll.  This doll is also very comfortable to carry for a little girl.  It isn't too big or too small with a soft body and she smells sweet.  My daughter is over the moon with her new 'baby' that looks like her.   She carries her new "Baby Anna" (her name for this doll) everywhere and is acting like quite a little mommy.  This is a FANTASTIC doll thank you Fisher Price for realizing that not all little girls have blonde hair and blue eyes", 4.0
"I bought this doll for my 11 yr old daughter, who isn't quite ready to give up toys but doesn't want any baby dolls.  She loves learning about other cultures also.  This doll is beautiful, detailed and accessorized. The colors are rich and accurate. I almost wish my daughter collected them instead of played with them! Great doll for the price", 4.0
"Personally, I loved this doll the moment I set my eyes on it. It's very pretty and what I like best about it is the Kay Po. I like how Mattel remembered that Red and Gold are the colors that represent good luck in the Chinese culture. I also like the little Lai See that she's holding. It's so cute. Just like the picture suggests, the character, "&lt;" means "Dog" hence, the Year of the Dog. :", 5.0
"This doll is really beautiful and I enjoy it alot.  It's being displayed in its box in my little girl's room.  I noticed that previous reviews mentioned that this doll isn't a great representation of an asian doll, however, I find that otherwise. I'm Chinese and I think it's perfect the way it is!  It's Barbie dressed in a traditional chinese outfit.  I wouldn't expect it any more or less!  If you are that concerned about the "authenticity" of how it should look [facially], then buy a *chinese* doll, not a _Barbie_", 4.0
"This doll is a beautiful chinese doll. I love her red clothes and makeup.", 5.0
"My 3 year old absolutely loved this doll.  Normally the clothes come off Barbie immediately, she loved this outfit so much it is actually still on the doll", 5.0
"Very pretty! This doll is great and so is this Barbie collection ''Dolls of the world'' is so orignal compared to the other collections! BEAUTIFUL DOLL", 5.0
"Vmigo is everything is promises to be- a virtual pet. I bought two, one for my 6 1/2 year old daughter, and one for my 11 year old sister. They both LOVE them. Very simple set up, very simple to learn to use. My only complaint is the handheld piece is not very easy to see the screen, and not easy to turn off.", 2.0
"That being said, I am happy with this purchase!", 5.0
"My 8-year-old daughter loves this game. The best features are that she can just take the handheld portion with her to a friend's house or she can hook it up EASILY herself to the TV to get larger, color graphics", 5.0
"We bought this toy for Christmas.  We have tried everything suggested to try to get it to work.  The handheld can be played, but we havn't been able to get it to display on the tv.  I called the tv manufacturer to make sure I,m on the right channel and that the tv is set up properly.  Vmigo comes with a small pamphlet on how to use the handheld (this is good).  The other four section paper is full of suggestions on how to get it to work with the tv which includes the numbers for 30 different tv manufacturers. Still can't get it to connect to the tv.  We connect three different gaming systems to the same tv with out any problems,one at a time that is. It is very frustrating. I have already make sure that the handheld is in full play mode before inserted into docking system", 5.0
"I bought this for my son for Christmas and he really likes it.  Better than getting a real dog, at least for now :)", 4.0
"NOTE - It took a while to get the hang of working the docking station.  When we first connected it and turned it on, nothing happened.  There's a little LED light that would not come on no matter what we did.  I had almost given up on it  when my son re-inserted the game into it today and the light came on.  Then we played around and figured out that the game had to be powered up and totally in 'play' mode (not just powered up) for it to work correctly.  The docking station makes a world of difference, especially for my 40 year old eyes - can't see a thing on that tiny screen!", 5.0
"The instructions that come with it are next to useless (and the company's web site is just as bad), but I've come to expect that when buying fairly cheap items from overseas", 5.0
"the add might have been lame but the game no way for what i reserched it looks awsome i am geting it for christmas and it look so fun u get a dog and u can take him to the park or mabey the beach or even to the vets u can play sleep games and get pps to buy stuff that is all i have to say       sam", 5.0
"Very cute car, durable as well. My three year old drops it , unfortunately throws it as well. It has gone down stairs, and even was put in the dogs water bowl. It still works fine and we are still on the first set of batteries. Very cute A", 5.0
"The Shake & Go Mater and McQueen Racers started my 19 month old son's obsession with cars. He plays with these every day and we've had them for over a month now. It's adorable to seem him pick them up and shake them with all his might. He gets a kick out of making them "GO GO GO!". They seem to go through batteries fast, but they're worth it. I'd look around for a better price, though.", 5.0
"I purchased the Shake & Go Mater along with the race track and Lightening McQueen.  My son loves playing with it.  We can get it to go around the racetrack four times", 5.0
"I have to say that if I had it to do over again, I never would have let my son see the Fisher Price catalog and pick his Christmas present. He saw the Shake n Go racetrack and wanted it and the Mater and Lightening McQueen cars immediately. I am not so happy about it because it takes a lot to keep the race going. The cars don't go more than 3-4 turns around the race track before they have to be shaken again and then by the time the race is over, your wrist hurts. My son is only 3 and he doesn't know to shake it enough so for him, it's just not that fun. He likes it but easily gets discouraged with it when he can't make the cars go more than one lap, if that. I would NOT recommend this for 3-5 yr. olds. Maybe the older kids, but I wouldn't buy it again. I wish I could get my money back, but the box and all it's wrappings went out with the Christmas wrap to the trash. Do Not Waste Your Money", 5.0
"We bought our son the Shake 'n Go Raceway when he was 17 months old.  It has been a very fun family activity.  We just bought Mater and Lightning McQueen today and he has already played with them for hours.  They are fun with or without the racetrack, but I highly recommend the racetrack (they go faster and are confined to one area of the house).  He loves to shake them and make them go.  It is very fun for him because he can do it all by himself!!!!  Fun for kids 1 to 101!!!", 5.0
"This little car is wonderful.  My son loves it and won't put it down.  We also have to Lugi car.  He plays with them together and absoulutly loves it.  I would recommend it for anyone.  He is almost two and it safe for him to play with.", 5.0
"I love the books and the game is like living the book!  The only problem is it gets a little old after a while.  Some of the questions are from the books, as well..", 4.0
"I would definitly recommend this version of "Would You Rather".  This adult version has more exciting, intimate, and desturbing questions.  My friends and I love it!!!  If you want the questions to be more personal, then this is the version for you", 5.0
"Being the grandmother of a 10 year old, I read the age rating for the Would You Rather boardgame and the not the rating for the Twisted, Sick and Wrong Version.  My son advises me that some of the questions are inappropriate for 10 year olds, but most of the questions are good to begin family discussions with parents participating.", 2.0
"I think the basic premise is good and I recommend the game", 2.0
"The game itself is kinda silly but the questions are thought provoking and at times gross. Great fun for those that like thinking outside the box", 1.0
"I was a little scared to play the game at first but it each time I've played it has been more fun than the last.  The discussions you have are very thought provoking and the challenges are a hoot.  I owna lot of board games, I don't think any of them produce the hilarity of this one", 5.0
"We bought my 13 y.o. son the tamer version of this game. The questions are fantastic and fascinating, that's true. But the game play stops cold every few seconds as you refer to the directions or read paragraphs aloud (the directions tell you to do so). If I had it to do again, I'd save my money and buy the Zobmondo Would You Rather books - - the questions are the fascinating part of this, not the game, which drags", 5.0
"My Nephew was so excited to receive this toy he had been wanting it since last Christmas i just had to buy and it was worth every penny.  I would definately buy from this seller again.", 5.0
"My kids love die cast cars and these from Disney/Pixars were just a success here", 5.0
"i found this toy in a walmart.. it was under 8.00$$ so go looking before paying this outragous price! happy hunting :) rember it does look like the toy is made of plastic not like the match box cars....", 5.0
"I bought this for my son when he was 8 months, and he still plays with it at 15 months.  It's available to play with everyday, and everyday he plays with it.  It didn't take him long at all to figure out how to put the blocks down the shutes, and he soon started putting his other toys through the farmhouse too!  They are so creative!    Aside from the first week in which I was demonstrating where to put the blocks, he pretty much plays with it on his own.", 5.0
"My 9 month old twins love this!  The music is fun (and you can adjust the volume to high or low), and although they can't quite get the blocks in the holes yet, they love pushing on the doors to make the music go.  Two of the blocks rattle and the texture is perfect for teething.  A real favorite since Santa delivered this at Christmas; two months later of daily play, they are still intrigued", 5.0
"This toy was a great find, especially for $10, but I would recommend it for any infant learning to sit and play with toys.  It sings "Old McDonald" every time a block is inserted into the holes which gets my 9 mo. old twins dancing.  I love the peek-a-blocks that come with it, too", 5.0
"We bought this toy for our granddaughter that is soon to be 1. She loves music and she loves lights. This is her favorite toy that she actually will play with. I like it since its hand and eye coranation. ITS WORTH THE MONEY AND ITS ALOT OF FUN. Its got alot of FUN!! We call our grand daughter the hoochy momma because when she hears music she goes to dancing and so far we have replaced the batteries in the toy 2 times since Christmas because that about the only toy she will play with.", 1.0
"THIS IS A GREAT TOY. IT HAS VOLUME CONTROL WHICH IS A NICE FEATURE. THE BABY LOVES THE SOUNDS AND LIGHTS AND IS ALWAYS SURPRISED WHEN HE OPENS THE BARN DOOR. MAKES A GREAT GIFT", 5.0
"This toy is so incredibly cute.  It plays several sounds and a jingle when the baby drops the cubes into the two different spaces.  It's very cute and she absolutely loves it!", 4.0
"Worth the money I would have to say!", 1.0
"This is definatly my 11 month olds fav xmas toy she got. When I purchased this from amazon it was only 9.99 So I am REALLY happy about the deal I got. Even for 19.99 it still seems worth it. It's very well made & my daughter knew how to operate it without me even showing her. She played with this for almost an hour this morning & did not touch the several other presents she got. Buy this with confidence I am sure your baby will like it as well", 4.0
"This is a great toy!  My one complaint with it though is that it does not take long to run out of the bubble mixture.  If you are buying this as a gift for someone you might want to include an extra container of bubble mixture with the gift.", 4.0
"After reading the reviews here I figured it was worth taking a chance for the price.  Most of the time all mine did was slop a lot of solution everywhere.  Sometimes it would make one bubble that would float a couple feet & die.  I would advise caution in one respect if you do decide to buy one of these.  The bubbles consist of a lot of solution & one popped on my 4 year old nephew & he got it in his eyes which stung enough to make him cry.  The lack of it creating bubbles was even more disappointing to him.  Personally I don't think there are any good bubble makers out there.  The latest toy I bought for my nephew starts out fun but ends up making a huge mess after about 10 minutes of using it", 5.0
"My daughter got this from the Easter Bunny this year.  It worked wonderfully the first time we used it with huge bubbles that floated up over the house.  Once the solution was gone, the fun ended.  I have tried every bubble solution I can get my hands on, including the one listed on this web site, and none of them work.  I have even contacted the company with no response.  The wand also tends to stick together when we try to open it.  This is very disappointing.  Buyer beware.", 5.0
"This toy lives up to its name! The Big Bubbler trully makes the most ennormous bubbles ever! It's a blast when we take it to the park.. kids gather from all around! It makes 4-5 foot bubbles but they break into smaller bubbles. Even so, it still makes the BIGGEST bubbles I have ever seen! It can be messy to use and the bubbles tend to not last long when the solution gets foamy from frequent dipping. My suggestion... When it is time to add more solution. Tap or fling ALL of the foam out of the container before you refill. This seems to help eliminate some of the foam.", 5.0
"This bubble wand can be messy but it is worth it! The bubble sop may run out fast! I loove this toy! It keeps me and my brothers occupied. I hope you have just as much fun as I did with this toy! Enjoy", 2.0
"Really great toy.  My granddaughter loved it very much; however, there should be two containers of bubbles for the price.  One container was gone with the first use", 4.0
"My son received this for his 3rd birthday after seeing the commercial on Nickelodeon and asking for it every time he saw the commercial.  It is really neat, actually makes the huge bubbles like on the commercial, and its easy to do.  My 3 year old has no problem holding the wand and opening it and letting the wind blow the bubbles out.", 5.0
"Be warned though, this is kind of messy.  The wand is so long and huge that when you dip it into the container with the bubble solution it drips quite a bit.  So adult supervision is needed with the smaller kids.  I usually hold the container and let him dip the wand into it.  But he loves the toy, and he loves chasing the bubbles.", 5.0
"Haven't run out of solution yet, as its been only a few weeks, but will probably just make our own when it runs out.  Overall I think this is a good toy to get the kids up and out of the house, which kids need more of today. And its inexpensive, and fun for the whole family", 4.0
"This is a very poor product.  It stayed on for about the first day and then fell off.  We re-attached it and it would only stay on for a couple of minutes.  It is also supposed to automatically reposition itself over the lid when you close the lid and that design feature never worked.  Don't buy it, it's worthless", 5.0
"I should have read reviews before buying toilet locks, but I didn't and I bought these, and they are don't work AT ALL, not even a little bit! You suction them on, and they just fall right off 2 minutes later, and even for the 2 minutes that they stayed on, my 1 year old could lift the lid far enough to put his hand in, anyway! I just found my receipt, and the 3 of these I bought are going back!!", 1.0
"This is absolutely the worst babyproofing product we have ever wasted money and time on...like the other reviewers, we cleaned the contact points for the suction cups until they were gleaming and it just wouldn't stick.  We tried it on 3 different toilets, all of which were slightly different in design, and it instantly popped off all three.  My 6 year old now uses it as a rescue tool for his Rescue Heroes..", 5.0
"What a piece of garbage. I cleaned the toilet surface squeaky clean. With a little bit of pulling, I was able to pull this off time and time again easily. An angry and persistant 10 month old could do the same. Until I find what works, we're just keeping the doors closed for the bathrooms", 1.0
"My daughter got this for her 1st birthday.  We had two other walkers already but this one is much sturdier and more fun.  There's a stopper on the back to prevent it from tipping backwards- bigger than the one in the front shown in the picture.  There's storage under the seat, a piano, a horn, and plenty of buttons that make noises.  It also plays 2 different songs when you push the trees in front and spins the figurines around.  The old Disney Princess walker is not as sturdy as this one.  Even my 3yr old can ride it without worrying she may break it.  Very pleased", 4.0
"I like the hyperscan because you can collect and trade cards.  I also think the gameplay is fun.  The only bad thing is the cards come at random.  ever since i got the hyperscan i have wanted one card.  I have bought eight x-men booster packks because the card i want is nightcrawler and have not got him.  Just saying i have also bought IWL and a booster pack for it and marvel heroes.  overall i think the hyperscan is really fun.  I play it almost everyday", 2.0
"Received this no problem but when my son went to play with it , it would only scan one of the many cards that come with it. So unless we don't know how to use it, I would have to say it's broken or something. He was really lookng forward to it. shame...I am sending it bac", 5.0
"I bought this for my son for Christmas just to have something different.We played with this the most! I knew nothing about them so snapping them together all the different ways was creative and fun.Then we realized that they can make noise and when snapped together a certain way they will slide open to extend and then push back to be small.They can make joints similar to a ball joint.The learning/creativity just goes on and on.My son has made patterns,art and bugs.I highly recommned this toy", 1.0
"I bought this set for our grandson's 6th birthday.  Since the birthday hasn't arrived yet, I have not opened the package. Just observing through the packaging I think our grandson is really going to enjoy this and get lots of play time with it", 1.0
"although the copter is a challenge for really young boys. The shooting device on the copter if fairly challenging.", 5.0
"On the whole a this is a great fun, especially for 2 boys around the same age", 5.0
"My kids **LOVE** this game!  I had ordered "Yo! Sacramento" from the same author, and we found it extraordinarily easy to learn the states and capitals.  But, he still had a hard time remembering where the states were.  This helped a great deal, and it's loads of fun", 5.0
"This is a fun game, my 10 year old enjoys it. A bonus: she is learning while playing", 5.0
"My grandson played this game in the aftercare program at his elementary school and "loved it" enough to ask for his own copy.  It took months to get it but it was worth the wait.  His 1st grade sister has now grasped the difference between a city and a state and the United States.  His parents get a kick out of playing it with the kids as they can explain where they lived and where their friends are located.  It has provided hours of fun.", 5.0
"My kids LOVE this game, and have learned so much about the United States.  There are 50 state cards, and even more game cards.  Everyone receives 5 state cards, and then a game card is read which will say something along the lines of, "Touches the Pacific Ocean;  Capital has 4 syllables;  Nickname has a plant or animal in it;  etc..."  The first player to call out an appropriate state from his hand wins the round.", 5.0
"It is amazing how the information sticks in young minds - I admit I have to look at the enclosed map every time the card 'Touches Tennessee" comes up, but even my 4 year old can scan his hand and almost instantaneously call out the correct state - if he has one.", 4.0
"The kids love this game so much they want to design their own game cards to add to the game!", 5.0
"As someone else noted, reading skills are helpful, but my 4 year old didn't let that deter him (although when he started playing this game he had strong pre-reading skills).", 5.0
"I also recommend the book The Scrambled States of America - this game plus that book would make a nice present for a child up through 2nd-3rd grade.", 5.0
"my kids and i play this every night for a whole year we had wonderful times while they learned all the states.", 4.0
"coolisimo!", 4.0
"We bought this on sale for $4.  What a value.  We play at least 2-3 times per day.  My 6 and 9 year olds love it, as well and me and their mom.  In just a couple of times of playing they could easy locate the states on the provided maps.  I would recommed this game to anyone with kids, especially homeschooling parents.  Now I am looking to purchase the book", 5.0
"I have used this game with many groups of 5th graders as a fun activity in conjunction with their study about the states.  Kids are actively engaged, using the enclosed map to locate a specific state, reading cards to learn the state's capital, nickname...After a few playing sessions, students become more proficient in knowing the state's location and it's capital.  Each time the game is played, there's a different outcome, unlike a typical board game where everyone follows the same path.  The playing cards duplicate the same quirky, whimsical illustrations from Laurie Keller's "Scrambled States of America" book.", 5.0
"The game is fast-paced (avg playing time about 10-15 mins)and students love it SO much that they often want to stay in during recess to play some more!", 5.0
"My 3 year old daughter has been playing with GeoTrax for the last 17 months.  She LOVES them!  By far her favorite toy.  This city, even though it doesn't have the typical bells when the train drives thru, still is her favorite part.  Maybe it's the large size, maybe it's all the little cubby-holes that her animals sit in to watch the train go by, maybe it's the crane that turns...  she ALWAYS has to include this piece when we build a layout.", 4.0
"We have a pretty large collection of GeoTrax now - perhaps the city is a better addition once you've already got many other pieces which are more interactive with the train driving thru.", 5.0
"The only negative comment she's ever had is that the crane doesn't go down far enough to actually drop containers onto the train cars.  It only goes to the "middle floor".", 1.0
"I have to say that GeoTrax is an extrememly educational toy.  It's very mathematical to put tracks together.  For the last few months, she's been building her own tracks completely on her own.  They are very simple, but she's doing it, and it's awesome!!  We also work together to build sometimes very complicated tracks.  Absolutely a great toy and a great investment.  All pieces have been thrown, dropped, she's fallen on them, and literally NOT ONE THING HAS BROKEN.", 4.0
"I agree that the listed MSRP of this building is very high, but they're selling it for under twenty dollars, and it's definitely worth that.  The sounds that it plays are great -- pushing the button produces a mixture of city sounds, while rotating the crane produces construction sounds.  Both also activate various lights.", 2.0
"There are a few different bits here, including a crate for the crane (which raises and lowers via a crank), a parking garage, a newsstand with a bundle of papers, and a police station.  This set also includes a little bus that fits on the track.", 1.0
"Another good thing about this particular set is that the included track is a crossroads (one line runs along the building while the other passes through it), which was a useful addition to our existing tracks.", 5.0
"I really can't say anything bad about the GeoTrax system in general.  My 1-year-old loves it, and frankly, my wife and I do too.  We got a bunch of track packs, and it's so easy to connect pieces and take them apart that we're always experimenting with new layouts while the little guy just enjoys the toys.", 5.0
"My wife and I now refer to the GeoTrax system as the Best.  Toy.  Ever.", 5.0
"This tamagotchi is so cool.", 5.0
"It tends to be more needy than others and is very sensitive with different tyeps of food.", 5.0
"It loves to play games.", 4.0
"if you do get this tamagotchi it will soon get a job so I highly recommend being a banker.", 4.0
"I have not taken my eyes off this tamagotchi since I got it.", 5.0
"somtimes I acsadently neglect my tamagotchi.", 4.0
"you can buy this item on amazon or in "toys r us", 4.0
"The best tamagotchi yet!  It is amazing and has so many new things!  iF you are a tama fan then this is a must for you!  I have a great time with mine, and I hope that you can too", 5.0
"My version 4 got delivered yesterday after a long and hard wait. But I will just say it was worth it! The design is so pretty and the technology is amazing. I'll share a few of my favortie things about this tamagotchi with you:", 5.0
"1. Your tamagotchi can "leave" its home at all stages of its life. When it's a toddler, it goes to preschool. Teenager: Elementary school Adult: Job interview and it can get a job!", 4.0
"2. You get daily letters. Some are fortune telling letters, some are from the king, or some can even be from your tamagotchi "teachers" giving you a lesson in school.", 5.0
"3. To get into tamagotchi town, you have to now enter a log in password on the computer from your tamagotchi. Once you earn points or get gifts, you enter a logout password from yuor computer to enter back into your tamagotchi. It automatically updates your tamagotchi with points you earned from games on the website. All you have to do is punch in the codes you recieve after you log out to get your souvineirs/gifts.", 1.0
"4. There are tons of new characters. A lot of rare adults that you can't get that much, like robotchi, you can get as a teenager. Right now I currently have a young robotchi. They are the sane as the adults except smaller.", 1.0
"5. The version 4 includes 20 mini games. 5 while growing up, 5 for connecting with other tamagotchis, and 10 for "tamagotchi jobs"", 1.0
"6. The v4 is so easy to catch on to. You can tell because I got mine yesterday and know this much about it! I know everyone who gets this tamagotchi will enjoy it! I hope you get one! Have fun with your new version 4", 4.0
"My second grader loves this puzzle!  He's put it together several times since Christmas.  The wood base shows the capitals, but not the states or their shapes, so he's really learning where each state goes and is starting to even learn the capitals.  Would recommend for ages 7-10", 5.0
"When the Toys R Us was having a 2-for-1 sale I got 4 LPS yadda yadda yadda. Go to "all my reviews" and see the story. This is about Emily (the dog).", 5.0
"She is SOOOOOOOO cute! She has a teeny body and an enormous head with huge, flappy tufty ears. She is great! Her carrying case is very nicely made and decorated, with a fake quilt pattern on it. She has an ID tag labelled "Littlest Pet Shop" on the purse strap. It is not deep enough--she could very easily fall out if you weren't careful. That's okay. This is a great little dog to add to your collection! She is soooooooo cute with her purse! Must-have dog and 4 stars for durability too!!!!!", 4.0
"this thing almost never works unless you keep shaking it as the answer is revealed-don't think that's the way it should work- just a cheap version of the old favorite magic 8 ball really badly manufactured", 5.0
"Thought this would provide fun for my 12-year-old and her crew for Valentine's Day, but the product arrived three days after the holiday (10 days to ship even though it was in stock) and when you shake it and turn it over to see the answer, you can barely see the words. Sounds like something inside is broken, but I'm not going to bother returning it at this point. It was the thought that counted. Cute idea, but execution for me was lackluster", 5.0
"I love this product. Of all the toys I've ever bought my seven year old, this one is the best and the least expensive!! My only complaint is that there is no booklet that came with it to give him some ideas to help create some things. That would have been nice", 5.0
"If you have a little builder in your house, be SURE to buy these! I originally bought the little 20-piece starter set at my local kroger store and boy, were they a hit!  The only problem that I can find with these things is that someone out there NEEDS TO DESIGN A CONTAINER for these things!  Boy, I've been finding these things everywhere.  Other than that, they are just superb.  My little one spends hours and hours building things with this set and just cannot wait to get up in the morning to see what else he can make.  They're great for preschoolers learning fine motor skills too and not as limiting as Legos can be.  I highly recommend these things - my husband loves playing with them as much as my little one does.  Boy, the things they can build with these things! Ferris wheels, garbage trucks, towers, geometric shapes, etc., etc., etc.  Great, great toy - we're buying more!  Oh, as far as that container thing is concerned, we put ours in a coffee can.  They stick to the sides and don't fall out!  Great Toy", 5.0
"Okay, tried this out with a five and seven year old.  Both of them tired of it within fifteen minutes.  I mean, how many "snowflakes" can a person make", 5.0
"This is a fabulous toy. My child was not big on "legos" but I wanted her to have something that involved using fine motor skills, spatial thinking etc. and was FUN. This fits the bill. It is portable and easy to travel with if visiting family, and the possibilities are endless. Great invention", 5.0
"My 5 year old got this as a present. I was amazed at the creative things he made! My 3 year old joined in the fun by making letters of the alphabet. I highly recommend this. Note that these magnets are heavy. If your child throws things, these would REALLY hurt or damage something", 5.0
"This toy is great to spur kid's imagination. I was really impressed by all the things my 4 year old build. This toy kept him busy for hours", 5.0
"I've had sea monkeys before that never lasted long. I got this one, and after 6 months they all died. But I completely forgot about the tank, so I never flushed it out. Two weeks went by, and suddenly there were tons of babies! It's happened a few times now, they all die, but after a while, new ones are born. I've had it for a year and a half. So if yours die, try waiting a couple of weeks", 5.0
"The Executive Sea Monkey kit was exactly as I had imagined.  It comes with a black and gold Sea Monkey aquarium and several handy items (including an aerator).  My only complaint is that it did not come with a handbook.  If you like Sea Monkeys, you won't be disappointed", 5.0
"Its ausome! I love my seamonkeys. Hey you want to know how to tell if its a male or female well the famale goes to the bottom where the guck is and the males doesnt. So i hope you wanted to know that because i did", 5.0
"Are flippin' SWEET! Plus they have a two year life guarentee - how cool is that", 5.0
"I love my sea monkeys so much! They are so cute! But they are very, very tiny. Do not be sad if you do not see them right away. They are still there even though you can't see them. I began to see them on the second day and you will too! The million bubble air pump is very important because they will die", 4.0
"without air.This set comes with everything you need! I'm going to feed them for the first time tomorrow and I can't wait!I hope you have fun too!", 4.0
"I first saw sea monkeys advertised in a magazine and I logged on to www.sea-monkeys.com to check 'em out. I soon wanted my own sea monkeys. This kit's the newest from Amazing Live Sea Monkeys, and the only kit that includes the new Tiny Tank Tool. Sea monkeys are extremely fascinating creatures. All you do when you recieve the tank is pour in the water purifier, and then, 24 hours later, you add the instant live eggs. The sa monkeys hatch instantly or over a period of days/weeks, depending on your tank's water temp. and light exposure. Sea monkeys take a few days to be seen to the naked eye, but it's worth the wait! Watch as your sea monkeys grow and reproduce. Individual sea monkeys live up to 6 months, and the circle of life is guarenteed to go on for 2 years! Sea monkeys are extremely easy to take care of- just feed them every 5 days and aerate their tank once a day. It's that easy! You may also use the Aqua Leash to take out a single sea monkey and transfer it to another sea monkey play area (Play Pen, other sea monkey colony, etc. SOLD SEPERATELY).You can also use the Tiny Tank Tool to clean algae off the sides of your tank, while giving your sea monkeys a feast at the same time! The possibilities are endless to how much fun you can have with your sea monkeys. They teach children responsibility and the cycle of life. They are also good for adults too- you are fascinated by the little creatures! Sea monkeys are probably the easiest pets to take care of, and I recommend them as a great birthday or Christmas gift. To learn more about sea monkeys, visit www.sea-monkeys.com or if you're thinking about getting a tank yourself, you may be interested in joining The Sea Monkey Clubhouse at Yahoo! groups. (It's the official one with the most helpful members). HELPFUL ADVICE- try to order from amazon.com even though you can order at www.sea-monkeys.com. Shipping is extremely expensive there and the sets cost more money. I recommend this tank if you want the best one. Try to get a set with a tank included-sea monkeys tend to work better in surroundings built for them. Also, I put 4 stars of durabiliy because if the tank gets knocked over, your sea monkeys are goners. Hope this was helpful", 5.0
"Our 10 month old LOVES this toy; it is great in every aspect! Great for fine motor skills & creativity - A wonderful learning toy!! I can easily see her using this for years; even our 4 and 5 year olds love to help our baby use and play with this", 5.0
"I bought this for my 1 year old nephew and he absolutely loves it.", 4.0
"He apparently plays with it every day. He has learned to fit them together and then stack them and know them over. He seems fascinated with this product and would highly recommend it", 5.0
"I bought this after hearing how much my son (then 6 monthos old) loved the stacking cups at his 'school'.  He is now about to turn 3 and still enjoys them, as does his baby sister.  It's wonderful to see how both of them have played with these at different times.  You can see little engineering minds being nurtured as they nest, stack - knock over towers!", 5.0
"I would love it just for that - but this also includes the sorting shapes to help them work on problem solving too!  Some of the cups and wee shapes have holes, which adds to the fun at bath time.  The buckets would be fun at bath time anyway (and useful for rinsing hair and little bodies) but it's great for them to explore the way the water goes through the holes of some of them.", 5.0
"Then we've got help learning to count... each of the inner cups/buckets has a number on it, (with the large bucket with the lid being un-numbered #11, but still stackable) and the appropriate number of *things* on each (stars, kitty face, etc.)", 5.0
"This set is very durable - we've had it over two years and only the handle of the bucket broke (I stepped on it) but that is not a big deal. The one annoying thing was that the handle of the bucket kept coming off. I stepped on one of the cups also, and it has some white marks where the plastic bent, but it is still basically fine and continues to stack well.  The pieces are well made enough that, if you have the cups in the right order, they stack to make a very stable and tall tower... which is just so much fun to knock over. My son still loves these cups, and my daughter really enjoys them too - she is just learning the joys of knocking down towers.", 1.0
"Of course my son has other toys he plays with, especially now that he's growing older, but I've heard people say they don't want to 'waste' money on toys for babies - this money would not be wasted. It's great developmentally - helping build a variety of skills and understanding about the world - and it is one of those great simple toys that has an infinite number of ways to be played with.", 1.0
"We received this as a gift for my 6-year-old daughter.  She likes to play the games with her friends and we even bought a set for one of them b/c they liked it so much.  Offers a nice old-fashioned way to pass the time, and it's great for travel, as the case holds everything.  A really nice alternative in today's world of electronic everything", 5.0
"I got this for my daughter and she just loves it! It folds up for storage and is pretty sturdy. Would go great in any college dorm room. My son calls it the comfy chair", 5.0
"What a great chair! I got it for my daughter and it is just as it says, a pink snuggley chair! Sturdy and very easy to set up and take down.  Loved the furry cover!  Would recomend in a minute and the free shipping is too good to pass up", 5.0
"I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas and was not disappointed!  It's a fun and surprisingly comfie chair.  The price was one of the best prices compared to Limited Two and PBKids.  Free shipping made this deal even sweeter!!", 5.0
"I looked all over for this game, and couldn't find it anywhere.  Thanks for the quick delivery", 5.0
"I love this game and i love that it's so cheap. The only complaint I had was that I didn't have a choice in shipping, and it took longer than I had wanted...I would have paid extra but didn't even have the option", 5.0
"AWESOME GAME. I AM GLAD THAT I PURCHASED 4 OF THEM FOR EVERY ONE. FUN, FUN, FUN.", 4.0
"This is a great family game.  You can include 2 year olds and 90 year olds and no one will have an advantage or disadvantage.  It's a fun thing for a holiday or family gathering.", 5.0
"My bunco group plays LRC after our bunco game.  We use 3 1 dollar bills instead of chips.  It's gets very exciting toward the end of the game.  The last man standing gets all the money in the center", 5.0
"LCR is a great game.  Fun for all ages!!  And it's so small you can keep it in your purse (especially on vacation) to have handy for play after dinner or while waiting for a seat etc....", 1.0
"This is a great game for family or friends, small groups or large.  We've played with our kids, at family functions and at parties with friends.  Travels well", 5.0
"This game is really fun, easy to carry around and especially good for large groups.  We played it on Christmas day and it was great", 1.0
"My four-year-old loves her Dora Castle, and the magnetic "magic wand" accessories are very slick", 1.0
"The slide tray, after several months usage (no more than twenty times total) wont slide back in.  There seems to be no access to the slide mechanism to try to fix it.", 5.0
"I have had one of these sorters for over a year and have had no problems.  I use it without the wrappers so there are no jams.  When i get home each night I just throw the change from my pockets in there and once a week hit the sort button.  When I see a full chamber I wrap the coins and put in a safe place until the next time I go to the bank.  Its so easy to use.  I have one in each bedroom of my house so everyone can use it", 5.0
"The product does exactley what it is intended to do.  Drop the coins and and they sort into there respective chambers.  I have been using the coin sorter for several days now and have not had any jamming issues and all the coins were deposited into the correct slot.  They have more expensive products that may be better suited for your needs, however for simple coin sorting of extra change at the end of the day, this product is perfect", 1.0
"Now wait a miniute guys.  I've had one of these for over a year and I like it.  Drop your pocket change in every night and it will sort it just fine.  It's not intended for industrial use.", 5.0
"It's battery operated and drops your coins into those prefabbed coin rolls.  I find that it works 95% of the time. Sure sometimes a coin will get hung up on a wrinkled coin wrapper, but it's an easy fix.  The coins top off and the excess drops into a reserve chamber.  It's not that hard to tell when the plastic tube is filled to the top.  You can get replacement rolls at any business supply store.", 5.0
"This thing is 100 times better than sorting by hand.  I love it.", 4.0
"The primary purpose of a coin sorter is to put the correct number of coins into the appropriate wrapper so you can take it to the bank.  That's what I bought mine for, anyway.  This thing is so imprecise that you never really know how many coins are in the wrapper.  As a result, if you really want to be sure you have to count them.  That's a huge drag and sort of defeats the purpose of owning this machine as far as I'm concerned.  Also, the "overflow" reservoir is where 25% of the coins end up whether the tubes are full or not.  I previously owned a coin sorter that was similar to this one as far as its simplicity etc. but much more reliable.  Don't waste your pennies on the Ultra Sorter", 1.0
"I bought this for my 17month daughter, thinking it might keep her busy, by playing with it. But she was not interested in it, that doesn't mean I don't like it, I think its a great way to teach her how to count and learn her colors", 1.0
"I agree that this is a really fun toy--my kids loved them while they lasted.  We bought two for Christmas and they both broke within a few weeks, and it wasn't because of rough treatment.  You can tell that they are definitely cheaply made.  Too bad, the features were cool, as other reviewers have described", 2.0
"My daughter loves this toy & plays with it all the time~and we have had it for over a year now! A++", 4.0
"After quickly destroying 4 cell phones from the dollar store, I bought two of these cell phones for the younger 2 boys of our 4 children.  I wish I had bought one for each of our children, ages 2-8.  The phone allows you to record and play back a short message.  We've had lots of fun getting creative with that feature.  Also, about 30 seconds after you close the phone, it will ring back.  It makes the phone seem more "real".  I originally didn't buy this phone for our oldest two girls, ages 6 and 8, because I thought maybe it was too childish or too drab in color for them.  But, they are constantly playing with these phones and I have been trying to find more locally, but have been unsuccessful so far.  We added stickers to personalize the phones, so the girls could make theirs more "girly" that way.  I've not seen any other toy cell phone as nice as this one", 1.0
"My son (11mo.) loves my flip cell phone. We've tried other toy cell phones but they weren't flip phones. This one is PERFECT- it is flip, it has sound AND it lights up. I finially have my phone back", 5.0
"My 3 y/o son love this game the race to pick up fruit and collecting nuts and bolts with letters is even more fun. He plays his v.smile every single day and with the left hand adjustment it even better. GET THIS GAME! GET A V.SMILE! FIND PEACE WHILE THEY LEARN", 5.0
"Overall the game is pretty good for my 3 year old.  The graphics are pretty good and the game is fun.  In time, when he masters the game, there are no additional levels to expand the game.", 1.0
"My son is 4 and he loves his new Bob the Builder V-Smile game.  He picked it up and immediately starting playing (he didn't need Mom's help at all!)  Good purchase!", 4.0
"This is the third out of four cartridges that my son has. Aside from the freebie that comes with the system, we also have Winnie the Pooh and Finding Nemo. My son reallys seems to enjoy Bob the Builder, although he get easily confused by it sometimes. It usually has to do with the letters parts. I don't normally supervise him while playing (how much trouble can he get into with a video game?) but he invariably ends up calling me to ask for help with the letters sequences, usually on things he should know himself. This is his favorite, but also the hardest one. Finding Nemo is newer, so he hasn't tried all of it yet.", 5.0
"My 4 year old son loves this game. It is right on target with his age level.", 5.0
"My daughter loves this game, along with the few others she has, like the Care Bears, Winnie the Pooh, Alphabet Game, Lion King and the older cartridge: Little Mermaid. She got it for her birthday and has figured out how to play them very quickly! I'm impressed! I think for a learning tool this has been a great help for her. She has speach impairment and it has made learning fun for her. I find it better than the PS2 games that my husband plays that she has taken a liking in. It's more her age and not just mindless games. It makes them think and they can learn all at the same time. It gives us something both to sit down and do. As a learning tool I find it well worth the money, well with the time put into it to play it", 4.0
"My son just received this for his birthday and loves it.  He plays it and is learning about colors, patterns, and lots of other good things that preschoolers need to know and review.  A definite must for a Bob fan or a boy who is into tools.", 4.0
"This is my first review and my first v smile cartridge. I just bought the v smile pocket system, case, and Bob The Builder smartridge for my 5 year old sons birthday. I did a great deal of research between the v smile and leapster and feel I made a good decision. He is 5, and I know many of you have children who know their letters and numbers, etc. My son has shown little interest in his preschool class in the letters and the leap pads were not for him. This cartridge is a very good starting point for him as he can do most of the games easily leaving his mind free to learn the info in the game. He is learning rather quickly. My 2 1/2 year old is picking up some things also so I know when my 5 year old is past this smatridge the other child will still get my money out of it. Over all, I think this is a very good game with many different features that hold my sons interest and does not frustrate him with many things he does not understand. My next purchase will be Mickey Mouse and Scooby Doo as Bob will be able to progress him to these 2.  Thanks to all who wrote their review to help me make a good decision.", 4.0
"This toy is not good for children just learning to walk.  The back handle falls off constantly if pulled even slightly.  The Mickey Mouse ride-on/push toy is a much better choice...my 12 month old son pushes it all over the house and loves all of the buttons", 1.0
"But the black handle is junk.", 5.0
"I bought it for my 2 yr old Nephew, and he is a major Thomas fan, as is his little cousin. They love this train, but the handle should be trashed to prevent accident or injury", 5.0
"I bought this for my 1 year old.  He sits on it, and my 3 year old pushes him around.  The different music and sounds are great.  It is one of the best parts of this toy.  My 3 year old pushes it around singing "Thomas, Thomas".  The handle does remove easily, but if pushed down, it doesn't move while being pushed around.  It won't fall off if it is pushed down properly.  Plus, it is nice that it folds, so it takes up less room in the closet", 5.0
"I purchased this product for my daughters' play kitchen. Both of them have enjoyed it. The product brings more realism to their "cooking." With this purchase, you get a half dozen wooden eggs in a cardboard carton. I only wish that the size of the actual egg was a bit larger, but they seem to fit well in a toddler's hands.  Just keep an eye out for a toddler's mouth!", 5.0
"I found this purchase to be in reality what I expected it to be from the advertising photo.  It is a reasonable size (the eggs are 1 1/2" long), and likely to stand up to many years of play", 4.0
"Great doll for kids who love Ernie.  My two year old daughter goes everywhere with it.  Just the right size too", 5.0
"In the theorie's of Richard Wagner, the Gesamtkunstwerk was the embodiment of all the arts; the music, drama, visual and sound.  Ernie touches me with the complex emotions of the classic Perot.  He is song, operatic in it's visceral impact.  He is art, a stuffed doll of epic proportions.  He is light, laughter, hope, and redemption.  Thank you, Ernie.  kisses", 5.0
"I bought these on sale (...)and it was more than worth it.  I would even say they are worth more than that.  My sisters and their kids were at my house (7 kids) and we all took turns making the different recordings (even the adults) and we were cracking up.  I wish I would have gotten extras for Christmas gifts", 1.0
"This is a nice toy with microphone.My daughter loved hearing her own voice and making sounds in the book. It is a great toy for gift", 4.0
"GR 8 item for kids and best thing about this books is kids can learn so quickly and at the same time, have lots of fun", 2.0
"This product was loads of fun.  My daughter loved hearing her own voice and making sounds in the book.  We never had a problem with the microphone, just the pen when she decided to chew through the cord.  No worries Leap Pad replaces them for 5 dollars", 1.0
"My 4 year old loves it and he has so much fun listening to his voice he plays with it everyday and it really helps him say it correctly and he tries to say everything he loves saying his name (TYLER) and it does sound like his name when it comes over the mic. great toy", 4.0
"This one needs work. We tried, annd tried to make this microphone work, and it did-- for about a minute at a time. When it falls out you have to keep starting over again. We returned it. Too bad, it's a fantastic idea if it could only stay connected. Our leadpad works fine with the other books, it's just that the microphone on top of the cartridge makes this invention top heavy so that it won't stay in", 5.0
"     I ordered this doll as a first birthday gift for my daughter.  It seems like this doll was made just for her.  It is the perfect size for her to carry around.  It is also very durable.  She also loves the way it smells.  My older daughter even wanted to order one of these dolls for herself after she saw it!  I thought it was well worth the price.", 5.0
"We've purchased this doll for my 3.5 years old daughter. She loves it and goes to sleep with it. She presses the ribbon when she's under her blanket to see the glow... The truth is that for me it's just another doll (one of too many), but she adores the princesses, so for her it's a real treat", 4.0
"I bought this for my cousin's daughter's 2nd birthday. She seemed to really like it. The doll is very soft, and when you press the rose on her tummy, she lights up. She does have a little bit of a baby powder scent, but I thought it was nice, especially because it helps avoid that "plastic" smell of some dolls", 5.0
"First off, I will address the issue of the choo-choo sound constantly going off.  The same thing happened to our puzzle, constantly!  I realized that the sound is light-activated... when all of the pieces are put together, the "sensor" goes off because of the darkness.  If there are any pieces missing and the lights go off, the same thing happens, because the sound is triggered by light/darkness.", 5.0
"Great product - fun and brightly colored.  However, the little pegs that serve as the handles to each individual piece may come loose and disattach, posing a choking hazard for the child.  Use with parental supervision", 5.0
"This furniture is made very nicely, and is very durable. It is a nice addition to any little girl 'just moving in', but I wouldn't buy it at this site, because it is extremely over priced, $49 bucks, are you nuts? You can get this set at any store for $7.99. It's not like it's a collector's item and is hard to find, get real! I would recommend getting this somewhere else, you can get way more for your dollar. Other than the price, the set is cute and well made, but don't buy from this seller, he's over priced", 5.0
"My son had no problems putting the car together.  It has held up well and he can move it and maneuver it easily.  We are both pleased with it", 5.0
"My four-year-old loves her Dora Castle, and the magnetic "magic wand" accessories are very slick", 4.0
"The elevation straights 'n ramps were a wonderful additional to our geotrax set.  They added so much variety to the tracks that my son and I could create", 5.0
"This is a must if you have the Geotrax starter set. My son received the basic Tracktown Railway at 2 1/2 and we immediately went out and bought him elevation track packs. Adults have to set the layout up, and its a little bit trickier in 3 dimensions, but the elevation is what makes Geotrax way better than any other train set!", 5.0
"Only drawback is that you can't just buy one elevation track pack. This one would be the most logical buy if you do only buy one set though.  It has ramps to get up to level 2, but this is much more fun if you get up to level 3.  I would recommend adding the Ramps to this set.  We have 1 of each of the 3 elevation packs and that's enough to connect all the elevation accessories we have (clock tower, suspension bridge, mile high mountain).", 5.0
"Definitely add to your Geotrax, its worth it! Your child will love it and so will yo", 4.0
"This is a well made product.  Great design.  Good materials.  No sharp edges.  Well worth the money.  My daughter loves it.  It is strong enough that I sit on it from time to time (150 lbs).  Easy to assemble.  We got it for our daughter when she was 1 1/2 years old and put a pillow under it so she could climb up on it.  She really loves it. Lots of smiles and giggles", 5.0
"Although it's supposed to be for three years and up, I bought it for my daughter's first birthday. I figured that we could have fun with it anyway. I couldn't have been more right. From the moment she saw it, she only wanted to play on the horse. Initially it started with me putting her on the horse and helping her rock, however within a few months she was climbing up and down and rocking on her own. I am not sure if her climbing skills were accelerated due to the horse, but she sure is more daring than many of her similarly aged friends", 5.0
"This game was so much fun.  I used to play it all the time.  I can't believe they brought it back.  It's a great game of skill.  You can play with a group or challenge yourself", 5.0
"I used to play this game as a kid.  I loved it.  It's the type of game you can play with others or just chanlleng yourself.  A whole lot of fun for everyone", 5.0
"My 6 year-old son and I tackled this project over a series of days.  The finished product is truly a work of art and, in my opinion, looks better than any of the pictures.", 5.0
"Pros:  Outstanding detail, including working turbines in the engine that you can see from above.  Feels solid when complete and as it rolls.  (Most Lego kits my son has fall apart at some point.  Not this one.)  Cool flip up front with a turn of the steering wheel.", 5.0
"Cons (and these are minor):  Unfortunately, the steering does not turn the actual wheels.  No cool Lego Batman to sit in the seat.  The instructions can be tough to follow since almost 90% of this kit is BLACK!  (We had a few times where we had to redo a past section because we installed it improperly.) The flames on the back are very fragile and fall off easily.  Another quibble...its an original design and doesn't look like any of the Batmobiles you have seen in movies or TV.", 5.0
"If you have the patience (its 1,045 pieces, two instruction books and 85 steps) and are a Batman fan, this kit is a lot of fun and looks great when complete.  Well done, Lego!", 4.0
"The batmobile is beautiful.  Lots of pieces in the set, not too many of the lame 'special' pieces (not nearly as bad as the harry potter kits).  I particularly liked how they did the wheel logos - they printed a bat symbol on an old satellite dish from the old spaceship sets.  And there's plenty of other stuff you can build with this kit, as long as it's black.", 1.0
"But, the black pieces are the big drawback - the instruction manual doesn't print the bumps on black bricks well at all.  It is very hard to tell exactly what piece is in the manual, making it much harder to build the pictured car.  Still, any kid or collector should be very pleased with this set", 1.0
"This game was not quite what we expected.  The steering wheel is the only part that is needed.  The pedals are for looks.  There are 30 games all together.  Some are driving games, some are shooting games, some are puzzle games, and some are activity games.  You probably won't like all of the games, but there are enough there that you would probably find several favorites.  The graphics are not like the graphics you'd find on current-day computer games...more like the TV plug & play games that were made in my younger years.  My 6-year old loves it!  He is very good at controlling the buttons, but he already had experience playing computer games and moving things with the arrow keys on a keyboard.  I can see a kid who isn't used to that having some difficulty using the up/down/right/left button, particularly in the games where you have to control your movement precisely to avoid falling, missing a ball, or being caught by something.  I have trouble sometimes myself because it is kind of a touchy button.  Not all of the games require you to control that button really well.  My 4-year old really can't play any of the games well at all...and he his reluctant to even try.  But he does enjoy watching my 6 year old play games.  I'm a bit hooked on some of the games myself!  Adults will have a tough time getting comfortable, however, since there is not enough space between the seat and the steering wheel.  I just sit behind and straddle the sit, putting the seat on my lap a bit to reach the steering wheel.  The instructions for the games are lacking quite a bit.  There is 1 instruction sheet that summarizes what the object of the game is and specifies which buttons to use in the game.  However, the instructions don't go into the details of the game.  For example, in "Hero Spud", you have to collect the keys and bring them to the castle without being hit by a pumpkin or a bat.  You learn-by-doing that you can make the pumpkin disappear momentarily by shooting it once.  The bats require 2 shots to go away.  Another example is in "Tricky Brick"...A ball ricochets off a bunch of bricks, and you use a paddle to make it bounce back up to hit more bricks without missing it.  Periocially, a symbol floats out of the bricks.  If you catch the symbol, something will happen, such as your paddle will get bigger or smaller, you'll get or lose a life, the ball will go faster or slower, etc.  The instructions don't explain what the symbols are, so it takes a while to learn which symbols to catch and which to avoid.  Despite its drawbacks, we are very happy with this toy", 5.0
"I can't get them off of this.  They are having so much fun.  It is great that there are 30 different games to try.  That way they never get bored.  they always come back to this after playing other games.  The pause is a great feature, that way they can talk about the game to eachother and try eachothers strategies.  We don't have game boy or play station so this is a nice game that does not kill   anyone or anything", 4.0
"My toddler enjoys this Fisher Price Read With Me DVD very much!  She asks for Chicka Chicka Boom Boom frequently.  She learned to match her capital and small letters at age two using this system.  It's easy to operate--she runs the system herself. She watches the story one time through, then goes right to the learning games every time", 5.0
"My children (3&6) lo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-ve this DVD & all the games / activities that go with it!  This is their favorite story!!  And they actually share & take turns with the controller!  This system is great because the controls are simple enough for the 3-yr-old to use (sometimes he's happy just turning the page & hearing the story), and the games & reading on your own practice are engaging enough for the 6-yr-old.  If you have the Read With Me DVD System, I highly recommend this DVD", 1.0
"My son used this video in his Pre- K class and really learned alot, so I decided to purchase it for his 3 year old sister.  They both enjoy watching and learning at the same time.  This video is both fun and educationa", 4.0
"Great educational toy. I have 2 kids with special needs and this is a great way for them to learn to read. I am having a hard time finding more DVD Books for the system. Found some here. Hope they continue to make them", 2.0
"This Read with Me DVD helps kids with letter recognition, matching lower and upper case letters together! It also emphasizes rhyming, which is an important pre-reading awareness. My daughters and I found out about Chicka Chicka Boom Boom from Blue's Clues, so when this showed up Christmas morning, they were so excited. My almost four-year-old daughter understood how to use this toy with only minimal instruction from me. She watched the dvd "read" the book to her, and then she chose to play games based on the book she had just read. It is very interactive, educational, mesmerizing and entertaining. She will play with this for 30 min-1 hour, asking me questions every now and then. She likes that she controls what happens, whether it's just reading or playing the games. She asks to play this when she wants to be a "big" kid. She thinks she's playing video games, just like Dad", 4.0
"This set was very difficult for my second grader to string on her own. The string is not durable and broke after wearing only one time.", 5.0
"I don't completely understand the appeal of this toy, but my son loved it from the moment his grandmother bought it for him on a whim nearly two years ago.  Now, his younger sister and cousin play with it almost daily.  The one problem is that someone snapped off one of the doors to the shape-sorter part of the toy.  Also, the "bed," "chair," and other unidentifiable item that go in the house part are pretty goofy looking.  The kids would be just as happy without them.  Still, money well-spent", 5.0
"When my son got this for his first birthday I didn't think much of it because it didn't seem as interactive as other toys - but six years later we still have it and number two is loving it as much as number one did. This is the toy that outlasted all the others - every kid who comes over loves it and many of their parents have gone out and purchased it because their kids had so much fun with it. This won't be one of those toys that you spend a lot of money on and then find hidden in the back of the closet. It works for a wide range of kids - first they love just banging with the hammer and watching the cars spin; later it's fun to experiment with the steps and catapult. Watching stuff fly through the air gave my kids hours of fun", 4.0
"We received this for Christmas (along with lots of other Chicco and other brand toys)and a month later - my kids still won't let me put Bear Ville away to rotate it with the others!! My 2 and 1/2 year old and 15 month do not tire of this toy - AT ALL!! It's a great toy, very durable and even I don't get bored sitting w/ them and playing with it day after day after day. We have a lot of the Fisher Price Little People stuff and the Little People toys just don't compare with Bear Ville. The kids lose interest w/ Little People but not Bear Ville. You really won't be disappointed with this toy! I just wish Chicco would make other Bear Ville type items! I'd buy every one!", 5.0
"This toy was a godsend! William received this activity center for his 1st birthday, and he adored it! When he was little, I'd place the Bear Ville Activity Center in the center of the living room floor, and he'd play for 45-minutes or more. This toy never got old for him because I rotated his toys. Moreover, this plaything keeps kids interested, because there are so many activities to explore. The progressive learning is great too. Children understand almost instantly how to get the garage spinning, and it's probably the highlight of the unit. The shape sorter was entertaining too. Unlike other shape sorters, this unit requires the shapes be sorted properly, which I like. It led to a bit of frustration early on, but he caught on, and enjoyed that aspect enormously. The stairway was one activity that took a while to catch on. He didn't understand how to operate the catapult movement until he was probably 2-years old, but then he'd snap a bear in place and continually fling him off the platform. This produced many fits of laughter! William is now 4 and has outgrown the toy; however, he still asks to play with it when he has the Full Service Garage out. I'm not sure why that is, but in his mind, they go together.", 4.0
"The only safety concern we've encountered with the Bear Ville Activity Center was with the shape sorter. Soon after William received the toy, he tried to retrieve the circular shapes by forcing his hand at the entrance point, rather than flipping the door open. His hand was stuck, and he cried, but it didn't discourage his play session. He continued to play on as if nothing happened. I think if there's any room for improvement, I'd suggest to the company that they eliminate the circular shape in exchange for maybe a diamond, or a heart-shape so children can't wedge their little hands in the circular opening.", 1.0
"If you've read any of my other Chicco toy reviews, you know I think they're fabulous playthings! They are heavy-duty, developmental, toys that children seem to love. The Bear Ville Activity Center has been dropped, and even been stepped upon umpteen times, and shows little signs of wear. It's easy to clean too. Just apply soapy water with cloth, and in minutes, it's ready for play.  Definitely a winner in our household.", 4.0
"We were visiting my inlaws in Europe and they bought this toy for our 20 month old daughter. Out of all the toys we brought over she played with this everday. We actually had to ship it back with us. Now she is 3 and my youngest is 1 and this is still the most popular toy in the house. It have the typical shape sorter and hammer combo, but the stairs where the bear pops out and the cars are the big hit. I would recommend this toy to anyone. Very durable, washes it up great, and still fun even after having it over a year. We have bought many other Chicco toys and this is still the winner. I have never written a review on Amazon, but believe this deserves a five star rating", 5.0
"This is a great toy. I gave it to my daughter at 1 year of age- too early. I put it away and tried again when she was almost two. It has lots of neat little things to do. The bears can be played with alone, or in their cars, or in the play center. Lots of switches and knobs and things. She did pound too hard with the play hammer on the shapes that get hammered thru a whole, and fell down and cut her lip, but I can't see how that is Chicco's fault. They really make great toys. Their activity table (not the electronic one - the one with the train, instead, an award winner) is wonderful. This is a great break from Fisher Price toys", 5.0
"Bath toys are a great idea for any child... if they don't make too much of a mess. :) It helps to strengthen the child's muscles while making a sometimes unpleasant part of a child's routine a little more enjoyable", 4.0
"My son just turned three months old, and he enjoys this toy a lot to practice his brand-new grabbing skills. He can easily grab the soft tubes, the tags, or stick his whole arm through the ball to bring it to his face. I agree that it could have had added texture to make it better, and the vibration part is pretty uninteresting", 1.0
"We've had this ball for over 6 months and our little one won't give it the time of day. I have never seen her so disinterested in a toy before. I brought this because we have several other Manhattan Baby products that we just adore. This one is a huge disappointment. It's much smaller than the picture posted and there are no  textures or anything to really engage baby. It's also odd because our Ellie loves "taggies" but she is not the teeniest bit enticed by the many tags on this. I would not recommend this product", 4.0
"My 6 month old loves this, but I was very disappointed when I opened the box, it's a lot smaller than I imagined from looking at the picture, maybe they should show a picture of a baby holding it so you can see how small it is", 4.0
"I brought this for my niece.She loves dogs so I thought she would like taking care of this virtual doggie.While it's easy to feed and brush the dog.You have to press the charms into the side slots hard.Plus if you lose the charms", 5.0
"you can no longer do these actions.As for the games to play.You need to go to", 5.0
"a website to find out about them and what they are.If you don't have a computer your out of luck.The graphics are small and fuzzy.I would not recommend this toy", 5.0
"I highly recommend the Symphonic Stacker for any baby.  My 6 month old loves it and has been playing with it for a few months already.  The pieces are soft and chewable and the ribbons are mesmerizing to my little one.  The sounds are fun and not at all obnoxious.  A great product", 5.0
"I agree with everything in Madam Pince's review, but would just add that they are quite expensive and add up really fast.  My sons have some plastic Thomas trains and they are breaking and the batteries always fall out.  The wooden ones will last forever, although the paint chips off the edges pretty fast.  They are so easy to connect.  My two year old knows how to make sure they are going the right direction so that the magnets attract. I started with a small wooden train set from Toys R Us and ended up becoming addicted to the Thomas characters. Now my sons have probably 3 dozen of the wooden ones.  If you want a cheaper alternative, the metal Take Along Thomas trains are very nice quality and also connect with magnets.  I think they actually look nicer, as they have more detail.  They are a little smaller and might be just a little more breakable (some plastic parts).  The only possible downfall of the metal ones is the track.  They only fit on the little plastic Take Along track, which I don't like as well as the wooden track, but is more portable.  Anyway, if you don't mind paying twice as much (or more) the wooden ones will last the longest and the wooden track gives you many more options for expanding and creating new destinations.  We have spent hundreds on these trains and track, but my sons love them so much, I suppose it's been worth it.  And everyone always knows what to get them for birthdays and Christmas", 1.0
"I bought James the Red Engine for a birthday present for my grandson and he loved it.  It arrived in excellent condition and on time for the party", 5.0
"If your child likes playing with Thomas and Friends trains, James is another one of the main characters in the series. His 6 wheels are not as big as Gordon's, yet not as small as Thomas', but James is just proud of being who he is: a red steam engine. He pulls a tender full of coal, so he won't run out of fuel like diesels do.", 4.0
"James' personality is a little snooty, and he thinks that his jobs are the most important. Eventually, these thoughts will land James in trouble. Rest assured, James will always get his work done, which is why I recommend him for your collection", 1.0
"My two-year-old son loves all his wooden Thomas trains!  They keep him busy for hours and are extremely durable.  Someone gave us some metal/plastic Thomas trains, and he plays with them too, but their plastic parts break quickly (ie: Harold's plastic helicopter blades, the plastic "link-ups", etc.)  The wooden ones with the magnets seem to last forever, with only minor paint wear resulting from lots and lots of playtime!", 5.0
"Used in conjunction with the videos or books, they teach things like proper behavior and all those good "moral" examples.  Plus, they teach colors and numbers because of the design of each individual train.  He loves James' bright red color.", 5.0
"The fact that they are not battery-powered and do not absolutely require a track is a huge "plus" to me.  They can go anywhere, and anything in the house can serve as a railway track.  It's only limited by your child's imagination (and climbing ability.) We did visit a friend's house recently who had a battery-powered Thomas, and my son did enjoy it also, so we may possibly be getting a few of those to add to the collection at the holidays.", 5.0
"Another reviewer felt they were "dinky" and was disappointed by the size of the trains.  To me, that is one of the best features.  As I said, they can go anywhere (keeps him busy at a restaurant!) and they are perfectly proportioned to fit very well into small hands.  Plus, they don't take up so much space in your house, especially if you start a whole collection!  However, be warned that they WILL be underfoot at all times because your kids will love to play with them so much, so watch your step.", 5.0
"Sometimes the simplest thing is the best thing, and I think that's definitely the case with the Thomas trains", 5.0
"James does a great job pulling the coaches along the track. He can pull pretty much anything at a fast pace. I've had my Jame sfor 9 years and it looks almost new. He's a great engine and  you can live the episodes with these trains", 5.0
"I purchased Thomas the engine without realizing that it was not battery operated.  I gave it to my 2 year old grandson for his birthday because I had nothing else to give, and the twinkle in his eyes let me know I had hit upon a winner.  The adventures for Thomas and his friends have not ended.  I have since purchsed, Skarloey, Ben & Bill, Douglas, Percy, Toby and Bertie.  The adventures just don't seem to end for my grandson.  He plays with this toy for hours.  His vocabulary has increased at the same pace as his adventures.  The fact that this is not battery operated is the joy of the toy.  I need not turn on the television to keep him occupied, he has Thomas and his many friends and that is good enough for me", 5.0
"My 2 year old son loves his James.  He likes him best because of the bright red color.  His Thomas the Tank train set is the only toy he plays with period and he plays with it everyday.    Other than Thomas Trains, he plays outside.  When we have guests, he takes them all to play with his train set.  To any first time buyer of Thomas trains you will notice the prices seem high for a toy of this size but you have to remember that these toys are not plastic but are made of solid maple and have a lifetime warranty.  People have asked me why I buy these trains when they most of the set is not battery powered. The reason is because it has been my experience that children get pretty bored just watching a train go around a track.  With Thomas the Tank Trains your little loved one gets to actually participate by moving the trains.  All the trains have different colors, numbers and names which help promote memory skills and recognition while having fun.  The Thomas Tank Engine books and DVD's teach lessons and morals on hard work, kindness, accepting responsibility, etc, etc, etc......  As your child ages they can begin to build their own track layouts so the toy grows with them.  The makers of this series have also included items in the series that are good for people with a tighter budget.  If your child likes the trains but you can't buy a full track set, you can always buy a play mat that has track printed on them or you can get Thomas the Tank engine felt boards and stick-ups. I hope this review helps!!!!!!", 2.0
"I bought my son James as a reward because James is one of his favorites (it might have to do with James being my son's middle name, but who knows).  As with James, and the other big engines with coal cars, they are my son's favorites. In fact, he will take all the coal cars, put them together and have one train pull them. He has figured out that only one train pulls cargo, not pulls other trains. anyone who complains about the price isn't a thomas fan.  thomas is pricey, plain and simple, but you are also getting a LIFETIME guarentee.  If anything breaks, they send you a new one", 4.0
"I got this for my niece who is 5 months.  She loved it and could not stop playing with each bucket.  They are so colorful and soft, any child would want to have these", 5.0
"I bought these for my 13 month old grandaughter.They make a crinkly noise and she loved them.She kept trying to put the baskets on her head.It kept her entertained", 5.0
"My daughter loves this and has for a few months now.  She started playing with just the little crinkly toys at about 6 months, now at 11 months she loves pulling the buckets apart and chewing on the tails.  This toy is great as it teaches putting things in and out, is soft, has lots of thinks to chew on, lots of textures - overall a great find", 1.0
"My daughter got this when she was 9 or 10. She is now almost 12 and still uses it. It is true that the nail polish is not the same quality as adult polish, but because it is thick and opaque it makes it easier to do the designs.  Even if the polish runs out, the book with the designs and instructions can still be used. My daughter is always using it to decorate her own and her friends' nails. It probably helps if your child has fairly good fine motor skills.", 1.0
"I don't know why this is, but when I put on the Dale Sr. shell for this car it started to understeer on left turns and would always crash into walls", 5.0
"This car is extremely fast. The steering on the car is very responsive. The kid's love it, actually ordered another one so the kid's can race each other. Battery only runs for about 20 minutes, Order Extra Battery Packs. This IS the HOBBY GRADE car, not the BASE VERSION.", 5.0
"This is a great R/C model...and you need to have wide open space to drive this....parking lot, basketball court, etc.  Not for the driveway or the house...it packs a lot of speed and you need wide open space to run.  It is very responsive, and very good proportional controls.  No need for hop-ups.  Battery goes about 20 minutes on a full charge.  Recommend an additional battery.  I bought 3, so the family and I can resolve it on the track and not worry bout no point battle!!", 5.0
"I recieved the car and set it up according to the manufacturers  instructions and it didn't work! I contacted the manufacturer and they mailed me a shipping return label and I returned it to them. I am awaiting a new or fixed car back from them", 5.0
"This production description IS wrong. You are confusing the two versions of these cars and options-items into one description. You cant have two different transmitter ranges! Hobby Grade is 50 yard range NOT 100, digital proportional steering is DIFFERENT from full function. CHECK YOUR STOCK", 5.0
"Product Description", 5.0
"About 35", it's 1/6 scale!..... Scale speed is over 120MPH!... .. Live speed is over 20MPH!..... This is NOT A TOY! It is for ages 16 and up...... NEW in Box!...... complete and ready to race...... complete with batteries, battery pack and charger....... 100+ yard range..... Impact wrench transmitter.... 12V NI-CD Battery Pack and Charger..... 6 AA Batteries..... Body shell removable..... Full Function Features..... Forward, reverse, left and right turn..... Adjustable front wheel alignment..... On/Off switch is on bottom of car..... Officially licensed...... Authentic Team Graphics....... four wheel independent spring suspension.... high performance motor..... impact absorbing rear and front bumper... impact wrench type transmitter..... race up to 5 cars.... 50 yard signal range .... hobby grade features..... digital proportional steering.... multiple frequencies..... variable speed..... 120 scale mph (to scale 20+mph)....", 4.0
"This car pictured could be a BASE or First Version defintely not worth 299.00 These are going for 100.00 and less on the web.", 4.0
" If you havent noticed the differences in the packaging it wouldnt suprise me. Lots of people dont notice. Heres the differences below...", 5.0
"On these 5 cars there is TWO versions of each driver(5 different drivers) that were made. First versions or BASE version and Second versions or "Added Features" Version.", 5.0
"The FIRST versions have NO "added features" stickers and you CANNOT race ANY TWO (or more) cars of the 5 different drivers' cars at the same time! Dale Sr. and Dale Jr.,  Jeff Gordon, Jimmie Johnson and Tony Stewart cars of the FIRST versions (no added features) CANNOT race together! Transmitter frequencys cannot be changed. Speed and steering are straight function. (no varilable anything) They either turn right FULL turn or left FULL turn or it goes straight. Speed is either it goes FULL ON or it doesnt. Same for reverse gear.", 5.0
" Again, each of the 5 different drivers' cars made are two different versions of the same car one has more features than the other.", 5.0
"UPDATED or "ADDED FEATURES" versions have "ADDED FEATURES" stickers.", 4.0
" Those "Added Features" are...", 5.0
"Digital proportional steering (variable steering), which means you can turn the transmitter wheel slightly and the car turns a little. Turn the transmitter wheel alot and the car turns alot.", 5.0
"Variable speed control  this means you pull back on the trigger a little the car moves a little, pull back on the trigger all the way and the car takes off! This also works for reverse gears as well", 4.0
"Now if this isnt cool enough...", 5.0
"Each "Added Features" car has  DIFFERENT Frequencies for different drivers' car.  The transmitters for the cars are different as well. "ADDED FEATURES" version transmitter has two "trim" adjustments on the back of the remote as well as the Frequency Chip on the side of the remote than can be changed, and can also be changed on the chassis of the car. So if you own 2 of the Tony Stewart cars, you would have to have a Frequency pack to race them at the same time. Now, two or more different drivers' cars can race together (or Five people can race 5 different cars). NO TWO ALIKE CARS can race together UNLESS you have the "frequency of another car and transmitter"  to change it, or a "Frequency Pack" from Team Up Inc.", 5.0
"ALL 5 Frequency Chips DO NOT come with the car in the box, off the shelf. This "Frequency pack" is sold seperately!", 5.0
"You can also purchase tires, suspension parts and body hold down clips, fully painted and ready to use new spare OR other drivers' teams bodies, extra rechargeable battery packs seperately!", 4.0
" I have done lots of research on these cars and should you have any questions please ask...nascarnbroncosfans@msn.co", 5.0
"My seven year old got this track for Christmas.  The most challenging part of putting it together is getting the loop ends to hold together long enough to snap the loop connectors on.", 5.0
"I found the tracks fit together well. Remember to use the track joiners. If a car jumps track, check to see that the edges of joined track are smooth. The tracks are flexible so you can bend them a bit. Make sure you wind the cars until you hear the loud clicking noise.", 5.0
"This is a high quality toy, which it was easier to find", 5.0
"We bought this for our 3 year old for Christmas, and he loves it. The cars pull back and fly around the loops once. We used the picture to asssemble it, rather than the directions and it only took a few minutes. We like it because it's not complicated or dangerous, so it's age appropriate, and our 5 year old likes it too. I can't give it 5 stars because I'm not sure about durability- we haven't broken it yet, but I don't know what will happen in the long run. It is a very good toy", 4.0
"My 4 year old received this from Santa this Christmas.  It is great.  No batteries too!!  He can charge the cars up himself and the race is on.  (Just push them back and forth.)  He had rec'd a Hot Wheels set from a family member before Christmas.  (The box had a large bird on it.)  One of the cars starting springs was broken, so only one car could go around the track.  The large bird would not fly, it would pop out of it's holder and dive...down.  Returned it.  We are so happy that Santa brought this one instead of another Hot Wheels set!", 5.0
"Just gave this track to our 3.5 year old son for Hanukkah.  He was very excited about it the minute we pulled it out of the box.  The tracks and parts look very impressive.  It took me, a relatively intelligent 37 year old, about 20 minutes to put it together.  Once we had it set up, it was difficult to get him away for bath time.", 4.0
"I definitely would recommend this toy for a kid who loves cars", 1.0
"My grandson loves his racetrack. What else can I say. It wasn't much fun to put together though.", 2.0
"n", 5.0
"I put it together in 10 minutes. It was awesome!!! I had this as a kid, and bought it to play with my daughter. It's as cool as it was 25 years ago. The cars fly!!!", 5.0
"These cars keep flying out of the tracks as they go around the flexi bend.  It looks so cool when it works, but when I do it, I can get the car to go around successfully maybe one in ten times.  My three year old?  Forget it!  I tried revving the cars as little as possible, thinking they had too much juice, but no such luck.  We're returning it 2 hours after assembling", 5.0
"This is a great learning tool for kids to learn to skate.  If you have a bad back it kills you trying to hold the kid up while they learn to skate, but otherwise a great learning tool.  Very sturdy and love the levels that they give for beginners to already knowing how to skate.  A little hard to get the feet in and out but I give it 4 stars", 5.0
"When I brought these home my daughter jumped for joy. This skates are great, they're durable and the adjustable length to accomodated growing kids is great. I also like the way you can flip a switch on the skates to prevent them from rolling backwards, a definte saftey feature that comes in handy. These skates are a great buy at a great pric", 5.0
"I bought these skates for my five year old daughter.  She wanted "big girl" skates like her sister, but I couldn't find any to fit her toddler size feet.  This pair works well.  They don't go as fast as her sister's, but that's probably the point of "my first" skates.", 1.0
"The skates were a real hit with my daughter.  The only negative I have to relate is that the weight restriction for the skates should be stated with the shoe size requirements.  My daughter weighs more than the 44 pounds listed, but I could not take them away from her as soon as she opend the box to use them for the first time", 4.0
"My daughter recieved these skates as a gift for her 3rd birthday. What a delight!! She loves them. She is not able to use them alone for very long (I hold her hand) but she enjoys them all the same. They go on over her shoe and fit very snug. You can move the wheels and lock them so they dont send her flying across the floor when she hits a smooth surface.. We usually take her on the side walk and they work very well on it..Great present!!", 5.0
"Barbie first skates are the best!  My best friend's daughter and my daughter--both near 2 years love them.  They're great", 1.0
" The skates are great for now. Just know they don't fit past a 12. They are kind-of difficult to get the childs shoe in, even at size 11 1/2. But my Granddaughter is having a ball now. For First Skates they 'fit the bill'. I'll just be looking for another pair soon", 4.0
"This is a great toy. The kids love it. The only problem is the sand. If it gets full with sand you need to clean it out. So after every use in the sand you need to clean it", 1.0
"Like another reviewer, the sand bound up the moving parts and it has largely been frustrating for my twin 2 year olds. The boom release is too hard for my children to release.  The bucket does not pivot at the wrist-so it really does not scopp up sand -- it just kind of paws at it.  I suggest spending few more dollars and getting a better functioning toy for your child", 5.0
"I purchased this toy for my 3 year old Nephew that lives across the US from me.  My brother told me my Nephew loved the toy, it was his favorite birthday gift.  My nephew is tall for his age & this toy fit him perfectly. He figured out the locking mechanism very quickly & has not had any problems with it.  The toy is very durable, as a matter of fact my Nephew rode down a very large hill on it (on accident). It did not break or even tip over, it kept him completely safe.  I highly recommed this toy, His sisters ages 10 months & 5 years old also love it & play on it when allowed.  He has become the hit on his bloc", 5.0
"My son received this for this 2nd birthday.  He loves it!  It is run to sit on and ride it on the floors.  It does make cool sounds.  It is good practice to work the bucket.  I am sure it will get a lot of use.  Good value for the money.   His older brother, who is 6, also thinks it is fun.  Easy to assemble", 1.0
"My 1 year old loves to climb on and off and push it around.  He has not quite figured out how to move the arm up and down but that will come with age.", 2.0
"I bought this for my son's 2nd birthday, since he is a construction truck fanatic.  After reading the other reviews, I was prepared for the minor tweaking that this toy required (ie, taking apart the locking mechanism, which is VERY EASY if you follow the other reviewer's advice).  This is a definite must, as my son was frustrated immediately with the toy as the manufacturer made it.  BUT after the locking mechanism was removed this toy is incredible and he plays with it in the sandbox all the time.  It is BY FAR his favorite toy and has held up to the wear and tear of the sand pretty well.  Great buy and one very cool toy", 2.0
"This review is being written by my 12 year old daughter.  I like the fact that I can have a pet that I can take to school with me.  I like that we can play games, and that they have their own personality", 5.0
"My tamagotchi is so cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 4.0
"It looks like a bunny!", 5.0
"These are so cool!", 4.0
"I seem to get the character luck.", 2.0
"My tamagotchiS always turn into something cute and my sister's turnS into something not as attractive.", 5.0
"BUY IT! YOU WON'T BE SORRY!!!!!!", 5.0
"I bought a tamagotchi from amazon, and it won't link up to other tamagotchi's, I bought 2 1 works 1 don't, can't see spending more money on this piece of trash to get it fixed", 4.0
"THIS IS A GREAT VALUE FOR LEGOS! MY SON LOVED IT! MOST IMPORTANT, HE WAS ABLE TO PUT IT TOGETHER ON HIS OWN, NO PARENT HELP!( HE JUST TURNED 8). HE HAS PLAYED WITH IT TO...ALOT. WORKS WELL THE THE OTHER KNIGHT KINGDOM LEGOES! HIGHLY RECOMMEDED", 5.0
"I purchased this toy for my boys, 5,5,6.  We put the batteries in and tried to load the paper.  It's not cut right, so it doesn't fit into the paper holder.  Once we fought with that, we turned it on...it didn't spin.  There wasn't enough power to spin the wheel with paper.  What's worse is there were NO directions.  I took it back for a refund.", 5.0
"I bought these for my 18-month old nephew. He enjoys them as do his 2 and 3 year old friends! They are easy to handle, colorful and store well", 2.0
"My son went nuts when he got these as a birthday gift. We would build up the blocks and he had a blast knocking them down. He loves playing with these. Fantastic gift item", 4.0
"I was really happy when I finally found them. We bought the Chicco flip'n'play earlier, which comes with 14 great Chicco blocks, all in different shapes and my 9 months old loved to play with them - and we built all kind of things together. I wanted to enlarge our options and ordered (waited forever, which is not part of my product review! but anyway) these blocks, assuming that they have at least some different sizes, allowing more creativity, but these 36 pieces only come in 3 shapes - 2x2 blocks, 3 pieces 2x6 bridge shape and about 4 pieces 2x2 with an angle on top (for roofs). So I am a little disappointed.", 5.0
"On the bag are printed some different shapes. But unfortunately, they are not in there and I couldn't find some extension sets with other sizes", 2.0
"My son received these blocks as a first b-day gift and they have been a favorite of his and any kid who enters our home. They are extremely durable(they hold up to standing on them)and can be used to create all sorts of things. My 4 year old is constantly creating "castles" and "houses" for her dolls and stuffed animals. My 22 month old delights in knocking them over and is now starting to stack them on his own. We make a game out of putting them away in the clear bag they came in. We store them behind a chair in our living room and almost daily my son climbs on the chair and looks over and points that he wants to play with them. I highly recommend this toy for children 18mos - 6 years", 5.0
"I only wish there were more blocks. My son who is 3 has enjoyed them and continues to enjoy them and build build build. Love these blocks", 4.0
"My husband and I are the kind of parents that used to think the loud flashy light toys are the best. These blocks proved us wrong. My husband ordered these blocks last year for Christmas when he was oversees among many other toys. She was only nine months so she recieved them so she just held them and chewed on them. I would stack them for her and she had a blast knocking them down.  We took them out again when she was 1. She is now 17 months and hasnt stopped playing with them. They come with a plastic see through backpack for storage so she loves to put them in and take them out. She stacks them on top of each other as high as she can and then rolls over laughing after she knocks them down. And all of those expensive loud flashy toys are still sitting there collecting toy dust.", 4.0
"Some others say they purchased the toy for an 8 year old. That is a mistake. It is much to complicated for your average 8-year old. I am age 12 and i thought it was a great toy. Although, I am the kind of kid who can program a website with PHP and create a light seaking robot from scratch. The only bad thing I can say about it is that it didn't have an age range displayed. I would recomend this toy for a 13-year old to an adult as it is rather complex. All in all it is a good toy. It could be a little cheaper though", 1.0
"We purchased this toy for our son last Christmas.  First of all an eight year old will not be able to put this together.  It might even be difficult for an adult.  When we finally finished it we put it on and it was having major problems.  The gears kept skipping.  We called the company to see if there was something that we could do and they told us "Well, really this toy is not ment to last"  a lot of help they were.  So over all it was a giant waste of money.  It has made it's final resting place in the dump", 1.0
"I purchased this for my son's 8th birthday.  He was delighted.  Unfortunately the excitement quickly faded when we discovered that two crown gears were not included in the box.  I contacted the company and they quickly agreed to mail these to me.  Two weeks later, the geers have not arrived.  When contacting the company again, I was told that these were air mailed the day of my original contact and that I would now need to contact my "local dealer".  A web site was provided.  Unfortunately the local dealer is a full days drive away.  This has resulted in a very disappointed boy and little confidence in the company or their customer relations", 5.0
"I bought this item for my 7-year old son as a birthday gift. We had a tremendous amount of fun building and learning about this robot in specific, and basic robotics in general", 5.0
"my son is brilliant past, along with his sister manage to play and to", 5.0
"transport many things in, the totally recommendable it is safe, and does not turn around and the great thin aren't concern the size or weight of the", 5.0
"bo", 5.0
"Purchased the Radio Flyer little red wagon for my two year son for Christmas.  We all love it!  It is perfect for all our needs.  Our son pulls his stuffed animals, toys, dirt, rocks around with ease.  I appreciate the steering and the turning radius on the wagon, it enable our son to maneuver the wagon on this own.  As we all know this is very important to two year olds!", 5.0
"Mom and Dad love it for haul the child on longer walks, were we can pick up the pace and get in dome exercise.  It also makes running errands around the neighborhood great!  The wagon is large enough for our son and two bags of groceries.", 5.0
"We live in the rainy Northwest and have on occasion left the wagon out side, no rust or water damage.  There is a reason this wagon is a classic!", 1.0
"Note:  I would also purchase the pad as well.", 4.0
"I was surprised at how big it was, especially since it was one of the smaller ones.  But it's nice.  I'm glad I got my little girl a real radio flyer.  My daughter is only 2, and it's HUGE for her, but she'll grow into it, and her baby brother will get plenty of use out of it too", 5.0
"This wagon is almost as big as the Original Radio Flyer, and except for the plastic wheels, just as sturdy. I am 68 years old and have had back surgery. I bought this wagon to carry groceries and other bulky items to and from my car to my apartment. I even left the cardboard packing liner inside the cargo area to protect the finish. The wagon was easy to assemble with common household tools. The wheels are secured on the axles only by hammer-on plastic 'hubcaps', which was the only thing that disappointed me. However, there were several extra 'hubcaps' included, and since I don't plan to sit in the wagon myself, and push off down a hill, I expect that this good little wagon will last as long as I do. A great buy! I recommend it", 5.0
"I think this wagon is a great gift for the price.  There are no sharp edges at all on this wagon and it is a perfect size.  I am very pleased with this purchase.", 5.0
"I bought 2, one for each of my grandsons but turned out to be a useful family gift.  Easy to assemble and was much larger than I expected for the price.  My daughters haul my grandkids, can easily fit 2 per wagon, to the park or my house.  Kids are too young to do more than enjoy the rides for now but wagons are so well built I expect they will still be around when kids are old enough to play with them as well as in them. Big negative shocker was the mailing charges", 5.0
"We received the Tomy Quack Along's as a hand-me-down from friends.  They had had it for over 5 years when they gave it to us.  My 2-year old and baby both loved it.  The quacker finally died a year later, and we bought another one...it's that addictive.  So now, even at 4 and 2, these ducks are being pulled throughout the house constantly.  Cute, sturdy, and appropriate for several years.", 5.0
"This toy is a favorite.  I love the tune, it's stuck in our heads and we all bob our heads along to the quacks. My daughter also walks around the house saying "wack wack wack"  and also does it whenever she sees a bird of any kind. It has really cracked us up!", 5.0
"The red connectors get bent easily, so watch how you leave it in the box, but it will fix itself easily too. The ducks did fall over a lot in the beginning. She would actually get mad at me when I righted them for her. As a result our ducks have no paint on one side. But now she does it herself and manages to pull them along just fine.", 5.0
"It was very loud when we first got it but I think the batteries are dying and I'm very sad that I can't figure out how to replace them. I used to dread putting the toys away because something would hit it and it'd start quacking, amplified by the toy bucket, and wake everyone up. Sometimes the string gets wrapped around a wheel and doesn't get pulled enough to quack, but my daughter will supply the sound effects just fine. She loves to push carts and drag stuff behind her so I'm sure this will last... but I miss the quacking!", 5.0
"So far this toy is doing ok.  My daughter doesnt show much interest in it though.  That may be just a personal thing with her, but most toys do grab her attention.  I find this toy to be not as satisfying as others Ive purchased", 5.0
"he loves ducks,so he really enjoyed playing with this toy. d bal", 5.0
"As another reviewer has already pointed out this toy will last forever and you will forever have the quacking sound in your brain.", 5.0
"We bought this for our first son.  It is because of toys like this that we are very careful now when we buy toys.  To this day (nearly nine years later) I can still hear the quacking", 1.0
"I bought this for a 1-year olds birthday about 7 years ago.  My husband spent the month before the party, pulling the string.  He was sad when I took it to the birthday girl.  I looked high and low for another one for him.  After about 8 months, I again found it.  He loves it. It is such a stress buster as you simply gotta smile when you hear the Quack, quack, quack.", 5.0
"When my aunt and cousin (both adults) came to visit, they too fell in love with it.  Unfortunately the store I had found it at was out again.  This was 3 years ago.  I found it again today and bought both the store had left.  I plan to get some additional ones to have on hand.", 5.0
"I truly believe that every adult needs to "feed" the kid in him/her.  So, if you think this toy is only for children 10 months - 5 years, think again", 2.0
"Who can understand the minds of children? I have 2 daugthers 4.5 and 2 years old. This toy has been a special favourite of theirs for quite some time. We only have one of it, so it has been an endless reason for crying and screaming because of its popularity. Both my wife and I are amazed that such a simple toy presents our girls with such seemingly endless joy and play. Yeah, the sounds get to you after a while, but they are certainly not the most annoying I have ever heard in a toy", 4.0
"It is a cute toy, when your child starts to walk they can learn how to pull it them selves. My 2nd child has been a crier, and I could pull it around and NO more crying. It is cute to pull around for your child and let them watch the ducks waddle", 5.0
"Our son started playing with it when he was 1. My husband makes amazing things with these. Even my daughters play with them while they are otherwise not interested in anything not "girlie". Great stuff.", 4.0
"The only thing is that it took us a while to find out about Superstructs. It used to be Tinkertoys but it was discontinued last year (2006) and now sold as Superstructs.", 5.0
"I got this for my granddaughters 5th birthday. And she loved it! Didn't have any trouble on low pile carpet", 5.0
"My Little Pony Walking Sweet Steps is a hit with my 5 year old.  She likes that the pony is soft and cuddley.  The pony/walker work wonderfully, the pony sounds are clear and pleasant, the walker works well on both hardwood and carpet and does not get stuck in corners or under things like other similar toys.  It was a bit pricey but definitely a step up from Hasbro's other talking pony, Good Morning Sunshine.", 4.0
"This is great for little ones who like My Little Pony.   The pony walks and says a number of different phrases.   She is good about not getting stuck against walls, etc but she doesn't run very well on carpet.   My only complaint is there is no volume control and since she runs best on our hardwood floors the sound is quite loud.", 5.0
"My daughter got this for Christmas and loves it.  She takes the pony everywhere with her.  She also loves to give the pony the cup and comb her hair. It is a great alternative to the baby doll", 5.0
"My daughter got this for her 4th birthday and it was instantly a hit! The pony moves her little head from side to side, and moves around in her walker really good, on hardwood and carpeting. Voice is clear and understandable. Really a sweet little toy!", 4.0
"I think this toy is awesome!!!She sometimes gets a bit confused about where you want her to go but overall she's fun to play with. She can really move her legs so that amazed me but basically it's because of metal attraction. Her talking is cute but at some times wierd.This pony is my second most favorite toy", 5.0
"Bought this for my 7-year old grandson for Christmas.   Impressed with the easy-store case.  He has many other K'nex kits, but he loves the fact that this one lights. He can numerous things with the kit.  I would recommend it...however, the pieces are VERY small and not good around smaller children", 1.0
"The ending is unexpected, but the story is very believable.  You'll feel mixed emotions as you read this novel", 1.0
"This game is truly fun! It is sort of a "I-Spy" type of game with a competitive twist. Three cards are turned and everyone must find the corresponding images on the board, fast. The game board is made up of several inter-locking pieces, which can be re-shuffled to make it hard for anyone to memorize the game board. The game can last 30 seconds, or go one forever if everyone likes it. The younger kids may take longer than the older ones to find the images, but even the young ones can have a great time. My children are 5 and 7 and both enjoy the game tremendously", 4.0
"My 2 year old and 4 year old have played this non-stop since it arrived.  In order to include my 2 year old, I changed the rules - dealt out all the tiles (weighted so my 4 year old had more to make it fair) and told them the first to find all their objects wins the game.  More fun than the original rules, in my opinion.  They have an endless attention span for this, and can play without my constant help, which is a lifesaver since I have a baby too.  Highly recommended", 5.0
"Well, having been bitten by the Strawberry Shortcake bug over the last few months (hey, I'm a geek. The "this is a girls' toy" thing doesn't apply in the name of technology), my mouth foamed when I saw this item - "I definately mus have it, the technology sounds so cool". However, like the Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Learning Puppy, this toy wasn't available in Malaysia either (in fact, the only toys I ever saw are those little collectible dolls, and a few other plushes which I regretted not buying. Nothing else. And those have disappeared as of late too). So, I swallowed my pride and got it off eBay too. A little under RM200 and 3 weeks later, the doll arrived. Now, I have not saw any of these review when I bought mine, but the toy arrived fine, with working pen and all (tried replacing the battery?). So, all systems go. Time to see this baby sing.", 4.0
"My first complaint about the doll is that the book has an activity that states to scan the dots in order to hear the entire song. Perhaps they should've said "the song replayed" instead, because that certainly isn't the whole song I hear (having watched "Meet Strawberry Shortcake" and heard the songs in their full, completed glory). I absolutely loved "Friendship Grows Like a Flower", and was dismayed when the song wasn't played to completion. Neither was "Strawberry Girl in Strawberry World", a.k.a "Jump and Clap and Turn Around". Or the other songs for that matter. Maybe there's some demo tab that must be removed. But there's nothing on it on the manual. Box? I foolishly thrown out the box before I had a chance to fully check it. Ouch. Another thing is that one of the buttons on the first activity states to scan to find out "who is baking a delicious treat". Scanning it reveals the phrase "have a delicious day" instead. Did Angel Cake gain the nickname "Delicious Day" sometime?", 5.0
"Other notes on the toy is better. The pen is kinda interesting to me, although the activities offered are kinda so-and-so, but the pen... well, it scans a surface for a particular color. Different color = different reaction. Interesting technology. And the backpack to keep the pen in when not in use. Ingenious and prevents the danger of leaving the pen and cabling exposed. Another thing I've taken to like about the doll is the "You're My Berry Best Friend" music clip. Although short, I actually liked it so much that I devised a method to play the song without scanning the book at all (scan a nearby Good-Luck Bear plush's clover to activate the mode, then carefully scan Strawberry's hat. With any luck the clip would start playing). Other things? Well, the book looks kinda sturdy (to my standard), and pressing her right hand makes her talk, but you already knew that. She says a couple of phrases which seems to come at random order, but that's fine by me.", 5.0
"In a nutshell, it's a nice toy, although it doesn't sing the entire song", 5.0
"We got this as a birthday gift.  I don't know why no one else seems to know how to work it, but we are enjoying this toy.  My 2 year old has figured it out and we're having a blast.  Our magic pencil works just fine.  I would definately recommend.  My daughter loves hearing the songs and playing with her "cake" as she calls Strawberry Shortcake", 5.0
"My 3 year old daughter got this doll as a Chirstmas present.  It has not worked correctly since the first day.  I would not recommed this for anyone.  Every time she tries to use the doll with the book I just get frustrated and tell her to just play pretend with the doll.  The doll it's self is very cute.  It is a shame that the technology is so poor", 5.0
"This was a must have on my daughters list.  It is way over priced.  I wish that we would have returned it.  I was not happy after we first took her out of the package.  For what she cost I really expected her to have more activities in her book to do and Like some of the other reviews our scanner does not work. Please spend your money on something else", 5.0
"As with all the other reviews I was very Disappointed. The pen attached to the doll does not work with the book. The doll keeps repeating "Will you play a song with me?" My 4 year old daughter was very fustrated with the doll. The hardware is 1980's and is not what is shown on the box.I would not waste the money on this doll.", 5.0
"My 20 month old daughter got this doll for Christmas, and she loves it!!  She quickly learned how to use the book to interact with the doll, and we haven't had any problems.  Other reviews said they had issues with the pen recognizing what page they were on, but I've found that if you hold down the button before you push it on the START area of the page, it resets itself.  We haven't had any problems, and we love the doll!", 4.0
"I bought this Strawberry Shortcake doll for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas.  When I was a little girl Strawberry Shortcake was very popular.  The marketing for the re-unveiling of Strawberry Shortcake has great timing---just when I am having my own children (they get us on the nastalgia).  Anyways, the technology on this doll reminds me of the technology that was available when I was growing up in the 1980's, and the interaction doesn't work correctly.  The interactive pen doesn't recognize what page I am on half of the time.  The page that I think is the most educational, when Strawberry Shortcake is supposed to read a story, is not even programmed.  I have tried and retried to make this part work, but it has just been a complete failure. I am pretty disapointed in this doll, however, we opted to keep it because I got an excellent deal on it.  I would have rather spent ten dollars more for up-to-date technology that actually works.  My recommendation is to wait until next year.  Maybe the company will come out with a higher quality doll", 4.0
"My 2 1/2 year old daughter has immensely enjoyed her dress-up trunk.  She can be one of four princesses and loves parading around the house in her new clothes.  Heck, just one Disney princess outfit usually costs over $20, so this is a great buy.  The trunk itself is flimsy cardboard, but it does the job.  Definitely a must buy for any budding princess", 4.0
"The dress up clothes are a huge hit in our home, however the box they come in is way to flimsy.  I would suggest getting this product but purchasing a different trunk to hold the clothes.  The trunk lasted less than a day and was ripped apart.", 5.0
"This trunk contains 4 of the princess dress up outfits which is more than some on other sites.  The quality was good.  The price was great couldn't beat it anywhere else.  My niece was very happy to recieve her Princess Dress up trunk on Christmas", 4.0
"These figures were a hit at my sons 4th birthday party...love them....I would order again..thanks.", 4.0
"These little Pokemon figures are beautifully made and were a big hit as a goody bag item for my son's Pokemon birthday party!!  The fact that they came in their own little plastic egg made them perfect for the goody bags and extra enticing to the kids.  If it were up to my son, he would have loved to keep them all", 5.0
"Fast deliver and good shipping conditio", 5.0
"I got this for my two year old for Christmas and he loves it.  Easy to play with and simple enough for him to learn how to go where he wants it to go.  I like the fact that when he is done playing with it, the remote attaches right to the car for easy put away.  I am happy with this purchase", 1.0
"This toy is great for a young child. It works great and it is really easy to control", 5.0
"My son LOVES this new toy.  He asked for a remote control car for Christmas, but he is only 2 so we didn't want anything too fragile.  This car and remote are built very strong.  He drives it off the table repeatedly and it has yet to show any signs of wear.  Good tough toy for a little kid", 5.0
"We got this for our 1 1/2 yr old and 3 yr old boys for X-Mas.  I don't know who loves this car more, the kids or my husband.   My favorite feature abou this toy is how the remote control fits into the car and becomes a part of the car when not in use. My toddler loves the carrying handle.  We have not experienced any operational problems mentioned in several reviews.  On the downside, this car is a little fast for the recommended age group. Our house has an open floor plan so we are not experiencing many crashes.  I would not recommend this car if you have tight living quarters.  Also, I would recommend keeping your pets out of the way when the car is in use.", 5.0
"We bought this for our son, and were excited about his first remote control car!  However, after a month of playing with it, the gears became stripped and it wouldn't work anymore.  We were very disappointed.  The intention of this car is wonderful, but when you actually get the car, you realize how poorly crafted it is.  I would not recommend this toy to anyone.  When you spend money on toys, especially toys from decent toy manufacturers, you expect the quality to be there.  I am sure this was tested over a period of time, so I am sure that they knew this car did not provide very high quality.", 5.0
"I purchased this car for my son who is 21 months old and what a piece of junk.  It works for 5 minutes and after replacing the 6 batteries it requires numerous times, I realized I am better off throwing it in the garbage.  My son gets very upset when it does not work.  I can buy a Hot Wheel for $.97 that will last 20 years.  I did e-mail Chicco customer service about this, I'm waiting to hear back.  What a hunk of junk", 4.0
"I bought this for my 3 year old Grandson's birthday 3 months ago and I continue his approval rating as "the best." The car runs great and he loves to carry it around. My daughter states that it runs very hard into walls and she can't wait until the weather warms up so he can take it outside. The cars has lot's of power and is very durable.", 4.0
"We bought this car for our son's 2nd birthday.  He initially was elated and it is really cute.  After a couple of days he tired of it but it's still really cute and durable and is a great first remote control car.  He found it really easy to use and had no problem playing with the controls once we showed him how it works.  He on occasion plays with it still.  Thank you", 5.0
"I love the Dora castle & we've had lots of fun with ours.  My only issues with it are Dora's (fabric) dress always falling off (& frustrating my daughter!)--it should have just been painted on or fitted better, and this table.  My daughter has a hard time with it--but I'm not sure if it would be difficult across the board with other kids, or just her.  So, we still love this, it's very cute.  One of the best things about the castle & all the sets--you don't have to put all the stickers on yourself!  I've spent many a birthday or Christmas eve up all night sticking on stickers & getting angry when one ended up crooked--so KUDOS to Fisher Price for doing the hard work for us", 4.0
"Product was good. Needed addition to castle if you have a big Dora fan as I do", 4.0
"This Go game comes with the items as promised. I am very happy with this order. I have been playing with the board and stones like crazy! The only complaint I have is the of the pieces. Many pieces are different sizes, some of my white pieces have lumps on them but it doesn't make much of a difference.", 5.0
"     I highly recommend this Go board! I give it a High Five for its great condition", 5.0
"I bought these blocks for my two preschool children 3 years ago. Unit blocks are a wonderful way to explore early math concepts because they are related in size. Therefore they stack and balance very well. This particular set has a long thin piece that is excellent for creating bases and roofs. This piece doesn't exist in other sets I have looked at. The only comment I have is that they are made of rubber wood so they get little dents in them. They do not splinter or cause a safety issue. Enjoy!", 5.0
"My children love to play with this in the bath.  They change their own clothes 10 times a day as it is.  Not entirely durable; my toddler ripped one pair of pants in half the 3rd time we played, but honestly, if you do that, you can come up with even funkier outfits than the ones that come with it", 5.0
"I purchased the Alex Tub Fashion for my [...] daughter and my [...] son loves to play with it just as much.  The plastic bag that the pieces come in is great for storage.  The quality is great as well!  Perfect gift idea for the hard to buy child who has everything - add some bubble bath and a perfect gift", 5.0
"Good selection of animals per groupings, and wood edges are smooth so these wont catch with splinters. BUT the magnets are not strong enough. Pieces fall out as I shut each heavy wooden page. It also happens when my child is doing so in the car. We lose quite a few along the way. Not a great travel puzzle as I hoped it would be. My 2 yr old toddler loves adding to her vocabulary after seeing these colorful animal pieces but its hard to keep the collection together", 5.0
"My daughter loves this puzzle. Once she mastered the regular shapes, this one challenges her & she likes it", 5.0
"I bought this for my 26 months old daughter and she loves it. It's very educational and very easy tool for the kids to learn", 4.0
"My 18 month old daughter over the past two months really started to love animals.  Seeing this item, I just couldn't past up the chance.  She loves pulling the animals out of the pages, walking around with them and making the sounds they would make.  Hasn't quiet grasped the concept of putting them back where they belong but that's were I come in to try to teach her.  I lay out all the pieces and ask her, "Where is the zebra?"  If she doesn't know, I'll pick it up and tell her then I put it back into it's rightful slot.  Eventually, she'll know all the animals so we'll make a different game out of it.  I'm guessing that in several months, she'll know where each animal goes and to put them back so they will fit.", 5.0
"I highly recommend this product.  I do agree with the previous review about including forest animals instead of the dinos.  But it still rates 5 stars for us", 5.0
"This toy was such a hit with my son that I still purchase it as a gift for other toddlers.  It's amazing how much fun they can have with it and how long it holds their interest.  This is a must have", 5.0
"We puchased this toy for our 9-month-old and ended up returning it to the store.  The concept and the looks of this toy are great, but as mentioned in other reviews, this toy is pretty noisy.  It's so noisy that we were afraid it could affect our daughter's attention or hearing.  The toy does not come with volume control, and the music can be annoying to some people like us.  Moreover,the motor to create the force to blow out the balls runs so loud that it ruins the whole fun intention of this toy.", 2.0
"I got this for my daughter's first birthday and she loves it.  It's really cute and has music that she laughs at.  My 2 1/2 year old niece had a really good time playing with it also.  The balls don't always pop back into the hatch so sometimes you have to chase them across the room.  She hasn't yet mastered the red lever yet, but that will come in time.  Get the batteries cause they don't come with it", 5.0
"The concept behind this toy is great, but the engineering/design is not.  Looking at the picture here, I believe they may have redesigned since we got our son one 6 months ago as the chute attaches differently as pictured.  Perhaps this works better because the chute is constantly coming apart on ours.  We've also had the problem of the balls getting stuck or just kind of swaying back and forth.  The music is HORRIBLY loud.  We have to turn it off if we're trying to watch TV and son is playing in the room.  Many musical toys have at least a low and high volume switch.  This one desperately needs one!!", 5.0
"On the positive, our son does love to watch the balls and grab at them as they pop out or go down the chute.  He will chase the balls when they go flying.  He's not quite old enough to know how to put them back in the toy once they are out, but he'll get there.  He'd probably play with it a lot more had I more tolerance for the music", 5.0
"My daughter received this toy as a Christmas gift at 9 months old.  She loves it.  She wasn't crawling yet, so yes, we do have to retrieve the balls over and over again.  She does get almost too excited, but she is not scared.  Her favorite thing to do is tip it over toward herself and then the air blows in her face and any balls left smack her also.  She is pretty tough and thinks that is hillarious.  It is not too hard to hurt her.", 5.0
"I have two complaints:  the balls are very easily lost.  I don't mind retrieving them, but we can't find two of the five and are waiting for the replacements from Hasbro.  They are cheap (5 for $4, including shipping).  The other complaint is that the dog loves to steal the balls but that is a problem with our dog, not so much the toy.", 5.0
"Overall, an super-fun toy that would get 5 stars if I didn't have to order replacement balls.", 5.0
"Great interactive product for boys and girls.  The toy sits on the ground and is activated by pushing the large red button which young toddlers my have a slight problem pushing.  Once active the toy circulates air through a tube pushing colorful balls into the air and back onto a circular slide which feeds the tube.  I have seen my two childern (boys) experience many hours of happy playtime with this toy.", 4.0
"My son is 2 1/2 and loves this toy. He has had it for quite awhile, and still laughs until he is silly everytime the balls start flying everywhere. The only downfall to the toy is the ball ramp tends to come off alot, and my son can't get it back on by himself. Also, it only comes with 5 balls, so I ordered more from [...]. 5 balls and a bag for $[...]", 4.0
"We started out with Magnetix because that brand is readily available at all the major stores.  My son played with it a lot and I realized that we needed more parts.  I wasn't thrilled with the quality of the Magnetix brand.  The small magnets came out of the sticks and the balls became dull very quickly.  I was about $40 into it and since most brands are not compatible with each other, I had to decide whether it was practical to start over with a new brand. After reading the reviews I decided on Geomag.  We got a huge deal on a 660 piece set which is no longer available.  As soon as I opened the set I realized that Magnetix was junk and threw them all away.  If you are serious about building a large set then forget Magnetix.  Geomag is only slightly more expensive, not enough to worry about.  One important note is that my son plays with the balls and sticks much more than the plastic inserts.  Get some sets with inserts, but build on it mainly with balls and sticks.", 1.0
"The Geomag panels are great!!  I'm 35 and I play with them with my 5 and 7 year old boys. I'm going to purchase other pieces to add to the set and I'll never get rid of this even if they grow tired of it. It's one of those toys you don't throw out.", 4.0
"The kids love adding panels to their creations. Expands what you can do with Geomag sets. This is also a good starter set, but you'll want to add more sets to this one, for sure", 5.0
"We have 2 inflatable convertible chair/sleeping bags for our girls ages 5 & 7 (1 nemo & 1 tinkerbell).  We use them regularly. They are light so the girls can move them around & take them to friends or relatives houses for sleep-overs. The tinkerbell bag is easy to inflate & the cover is removable so you can toss it into the washing machine. It's a bit of a struggle to get an already inflated bag back into the cover once it has been washed & since it takes about 5-10 minutes to inflate the bag we don't deflate it after each use. Our girls have twin beds so we slide the inflated sleeping bag under the bed until we need it. This storage spot also helps keep all sorts of other toys from "hiding" under little girls beds too! Most of the time they convert the bed into a chair & leave it infated in their rooms.", 5.0
"Our girls love to play video games & use their chairs all the time - it is a great feature. They carry them down to the playroom or the living room (if I let them).  Even the 5 year old can convert it from a bed into a chair in about 1 minute.", 5.0
"We are very pleased with these inflatable chair beds but the reason for only 4 out of 5 stars is that the first Tinkerbell bed had a bad seam & would not inflate.  We returned it without any problems & the company sent a new replacement which has worked fine. In the box you do receive the sleeping bag, inflatable bed, pump & a 1 time mini repair kit (vinyl patch & glue).", 5.0
"If you plan to buy an inflatable sleeping bad, then purchase one like this with the convertible chair feature. It is certainly worth it", 5.0
"Great for kids of all ages (and I enjoyed drawing too). Crayola Color Explosion has bright colors underneath a solid black surface.  When you draw, all the colors come through.  Great for car rides and restaurants", 5.0
"The Travel Bingo product is AWESOME!  It is a great way to travel, fun for the whole family and I gave it for Christmas presents to everyone this year.  The only negative, it cost me more for shipping than for the actual bingo games.  The vendor said they would charge me less but never credited my account", 5.0
"Once again, Playmobile has done it!  I love their products.  There is a lot of detail and imagination put into the things they make and my son (almost 6 years old) LOVES them!  We now have the entire Pirate collection as well as a few other sets.  Highly recommended for kids that can handle and keep up with teeny tiny pieces", 5.0
"There's no denying I love these products.  I'm a grandma and my 5 yr old grandson loves them too.  I gave Shark's Prey to his cousin (3 1/2) when I gave the Pirate Chest to my grandson at Christmas and they played with them together.  I'm learning that at that age you need to interact and "imagine" with them.  Make up stories and use all the wonderful figures and accessories to stimulate their imagination. My grandson now realizes that there are good pirates who can relax under moonlit skies - a palm tree oasis in the Treasure Chest, invite dinosaurs to their habitat, and fight off sharks to catch fish to feed all the needy...then s.e.e.k and confiscate a treasure to make all their wishes come true. Another adventure!!", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 year-old nephew who loves sharks and Pirates.  He was pleased with the gift and has been playing with it since", 5.0
"I've so far put away this toy except for the shark, as I don't feel my four year old son is ready for all the small pieces perhaps till his 5th birthday.  The shark is excellent and floats beautifully in the bath, unlike the usual plastic fish and sharks that we have.  The boat looks good, although I'm not sure I want to see all those small pieces going in the bath.  The oars are very unsteady, so I'm thinking the little boat would go well in the bath by itself, and leave the rest of the pieces for table top play.  Very cute pirate, and I'm sure the seagull has some words to say to him", 4.0
"My son (5) loves the row boat and the fishing gear.  It all goes nicely with the other island sets playmobil offers.  The fact that it can all go in the bathtub is nice...the pirate ship is just too big and we own the smaller less expensiv one", 5.0
"This is a great toy, the details and structure are superb, the product parts are strong and durable, the figurines are by far a better design and more enjoyable for kids to play with than any lego figurines, each figure is an individual character with changeable parts, the toy is not a building block toy and the boat won't fall apart or be broken into pieces by a young child,this product would make any 4 to 6 year old extremely happy, my four year old is a big fan of the entire megablok pyrate collection; and like most parents I don't mind spending money on a toy that will be used and enjoyed.", 5.0
"Harr, maytee!  Who doesn't love pirates?  Great ocean-faring vessels crewed by adventurous swashbucklers, braving the seas and each other in search of buried treasure.  It's an endearing theme.  When I discovered that Mega Bloks was producing a pirate line, I was excited.  This is definitely something to look forward to, and given Mega Bloks's usual quality and attention to detail, their seafaring vessels and crews would no doubt be absolutely fabulous.", 5.0
"Well, the wait is over, the Pyrates have been subjected to my scrutiny, and my feelings are mixed.", 4.0
"Good news first.  Check out these minifigs!!!  This set comes with three Sea Marauders and one skeletal pirate, and--Wow, check out the articulation on these guys!  We've got ball joints at the shoulders and hips for super posability!  Legs bend at the knees, arms bend at the elbows.  Head is on a ball joint as well.  These are the best minifigs I've ever seen.  You can pose these guys pretty much any way you want.  But wait, there's more!  The detail and paint jobs on these guys is fantastic.  Detailed outfits, pirate scowls, adventurous facial expressions, texture detail on the outfits, hats, faces.  They're like mini action figures.", 1.0
"I kid you not, these are some truly magnificent minifigs.  Okay, I'm getting verklemft.  Talk amongst yourselves.  I'll give you a topic.  Captain Cutlass's Stormstalker is neither a storm nor a stalker.  Discuss...", 2.0
"Okay, I'm better now.  Let's move on.  Accessories for our swashbucklers include cutlasses, a pistol, a crossbow, a treasure map, shovel, spyglass, a couple lamps, a couple barrels, and the obligatory treasure chest with pieces of eight.  Our pirates are also accompanied by a rat and a snake, who can hide out in the ship's hold.", 1.0
"Now here's where the winds in our sails abruptly change direction.  The pirate ship.  It's great.  It's detailed.  It has some nice features.  But there's almost no building going on here.  The boat is composed of maybe four or five large pieces that all easily snap together.  The aft cabin is all one piece.  This thing goes together in about five minutes.  Mega Bloks produces "building toys" (in other words, "Lego except not Lego").  If this boat had been brought to me courtesy of, say, Fisher Price or Playmobil, I'd expect to see this sort of design.  When I buy a Mega Bloks set, I am expecting to do some entertaining building.  There's nothing to build here.  The only thing about this boat that makes it remotely Lego-esque is that it has pegs on the deck for the figures to stand on.", 1.0
"I suppose the upshot of this nonexistent building set is that the durability is excellent.  Nothing's gonna fall off during play.  The boat has little wheels on its underside so that it can roll along on a flat surface.  Features include a single mast with four cloth sails.  What little rigging there is here has already been assembled for us.  That's a good thing.  Man, the rigging on that Playmobil pirate ship was a challenge.  Just loop the string over a few hooks and your front sail is good to go.  Atop the mast is a spacious crow's nest with plenty of room for multiple guys to stand.  Stairs ascend from the deck to the top of the aft cabin, where our pirate captain can man the steering column.  Grated floors open up, offering us access to the ship's hold.  In the forward area, we have a device that can turn a skeletal pirate into a normal pirate.  Put Mr. Skeleton and Mr. Pirate in the chamber and turn the chamber for the transformation.  Rounding out our boat's accessories are an anchor, two spring-loaded cannons (one of which fires a harpoon), and what pirate set would be complete without a plank?  Walk the plank, ya scurvy dog!", 5.0
"As mentioned, the details are fabulous.  They've outdone themselves in the detail department.", 5.0
"All said and done, my only complaint with this pirate set is that there's nothing to build.  In spite of this major flaw, this set gets a resounding thumbs up from me.  I think Mega Bloks has supplanted Playmobil for having "best pirate set on the market"", 5.0
"I bought this for my grandmother for her birthday, as she loves doing the daily sudoku in the newspaper.  I am sure that this will create hours of fun for her!  It was a great buy for the price, and I should have gotten a couple more to save as gifts or use in the car during long trips.  These puzzles are very addictive.  Great buy", 5.0
"The best Sudoku game around, because you can make notes on it, which is of course, impossible on an electric game.  You can carry your pencil (and sharpen it) and spare games with you.  I carry it everywhere..", 4.0
"We gave this to our 4 yr old grandson for Christmas and gave his Daddy his own grown-up version. Little man was so excited and adorable as he looked at every piece. Unbelievably great gift! Now PaPa, Son, and grandson all can shave together", 5.0
"even though the cloths are hard, this is still so cool! i love the idea that you can change channels on the tv and that the couch unfolds to a full sized bed for two dolls! and the pillows are not plastic. you can connect the floor to the house of style, same with the pool party set! you can connect the pool to the house! i think that this is a realy cool toy", 5.0
"I think it is a good tool for helping a child to think outside of the box...word association skills.  Good for creative thinking, sequencing and word relationships", 5.0
"My 4 year old loves cats and enjoyed creating families of cats among the toys she had. She absolutely loves this toy. She has named all of them and plays with it all the time. She's 5 now. The toy is also very well made", 5.0
"I bought this as a birthday present for my three year old daughter, but it was immeadiately snatched by her six year old brother! Both kids love this toy. Sometimes, we end up with all my daughter's millions of stuffed cats and dogs having a "nummy" (nursing) party all over her bedroom. Pretty cute. The Nursing Nina Cat is soft and well made. The kitten magnets are really strong! Overall, this is a great toy", 5.0
"I purchased nina the nursing cat for my girls for Christmas this year and they just loved it...they love to play mom and baby and this is just perfect. They are a bit smaller than i thought they would be but the girls think they are great", 5.0
"This has been one of my daughters favorite toys for the past two years. She is four now, and the toy was played with just this morning! The mama cat is silky, slightly understuffed for good hug-ability, and the three kittens attach to her easily with magnetic mouths. This is just one of the sweetest toys and I find it educational too. She has asked why the baby kittens attach to their mama, and it's been a sweet experience to explain to her about nursing, etc. in a way she can understand. This toy comes highly recommended", 5.0
"Oh my gosh, my daughter absolutely loves this cat.  She has named the cat and each kitten, and plays with them together or separately with equal fun.  They are velvety soft and the magnets that hold the kittens on are quite strong so your child can lug this toy around without losing the babies!  Worth every penny", 4.0
"this is a very nice toy. my daughter got one when she was 1 and i thought she would eb to small to use it but hte button is on the wheel so all she had to do was learn to press that. it didnt take her long and she was driving aroung laughing. i would highly recommend this for any child under 4", 5.0
"I was hesitant when my husband suggested getting this for our 13-month-old daughter for Christmas.  But I figured since we had the money and it'd be something she could grow into, then why not.  She took to it right away.  She immediately figured how to get in and out.  She figured out the horn and the engine buttons.  It took her about a week or so to realize that the red button makes it go.  She doesn't understand steering, but she never lets off the button.  I turned the steering wheel all the way to the right and let her go in circles in the back yard.  It goes over the grass no problem and only bogs down a little in areas of the yard where the grass is a little thicker.  I've had no problem with the steering like others have noted - but of course she's not steering that much.  My husband did say never to pick it up by the steering wheel - so maybe that was something that played a role in the problem.  The straps could be designed a little better - maybe like that in a stroller.  Overall, this is a great toy designed for the smaller kids not ready for the bigger 12 volt jeep type toys", 5.0
"I would send a picture of him on it with this but do not see the option.  My son says that my grandson loves this Go Kart.  I sent to him for his 1st birthday so he has time to grow into it for at least a year or two.  Great product!", 5.0
"Bought this for son when he turned 1 year. He was able able to push the button by 1.5 but the steering does not work. We have taken it apart and put it back together thinking that may be the problem and even put oil on the moving parts. It just doesn't seem to turn well. The mechanism for the steering is flimsy at best -a rod with a hook on the end and its quite frustrating for our little boy.  It also gets stuck easy in grass which is frustrating for all.  I would just wait till they can drive a bigger version. We are looking at purchasing a 12V vehicle now at age 2", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my son's 1st birthday. He is now 22 months and it is still hard for him to steer it and press the", 4.0
""go" button.  He still has fun with it and I am glad that I bought it, but even though the age said 12 months and over, I should've waited and bought him a bigger one once he got older", 5.0
"My Son loves this ride. he even rides it in the house. He Hasnt been outside with it alot b.c it has been cold outside. But When it gets hot I know he is going to enjoy it more. Its real easy to use. all they do is push the button and it goes forward. I havent had to charge it since we got it for him for X-mas.", 5.0
"After reading other reviews, I was a little hesitant to purchase this item.  Other parents were a little discouraged by the push button start.  I figured since I was so taken with all the other aspects, we would try it anyway.  After approximately 10 minutes in the kart, my 12 month old was pressing the button and cruising in his new car.  He absolutely loves it, and both myself and my husband are pleased with the purchase.  The only feature I would add is reverse.  Overall, a great buy", 5.0
"My Grand daughter Loves her  Pink & Purple Bag. Plus she can tell the difference between hers and her brothers on sight. ( Blue and Purple) !", 5.0
"My child loves the backpack.  It is so nice to be able to keep things together.  And Pink and purple are her favorite colors", 5.0
"This backpack is a must have if you have a leappad system.  The only thing I wish it had is more slots for the cartridges.  But overall it is great", 5.0
"We purchased this backpack for my daughters 3rd birthday.  Right now it's a bit hard for her to easily get things in and out of the bag by herself.  However, we love it for traveling to Grandma's house.  She can pick out her favorite books and everything we need fits nicely in the bag.", 4.0
"The pink and purple design is great since she is a girl but it also makes it very easy to distinguish her LeapPad equipment from her older brothers Quantum Pad things", 5.0
"Was very happy with this product.  Amble room to store lots of leap pad games and books.  My granddaughter loved it", 5.0
"I like the idea of having a back pack that matches the Leap Pad.  The only thing I think is missing is more slots for the small game cartridges.  Very durable & easy to carry", 4.0
"i bought these for my daughter and niece - it is very nice to use when traveling and just keeping rooms clutter free - it only holds a few books and cassetts, which is good in a sense since my daughter can hold it herself - a good buy", 2.0
"After ordering, my husband thought we should send it back due to the price.  We are glad that we did NOT send it back as the grandson plays with this family all the time. The only suggestion I would make, is that the Mom could look alittle nicer", 5.0
"This is our 2nd Naturally Playful sand table. The previous one lasted for more than 2 years and was well used. I decided it was time for a new one when the other one wobbled on it's legs too much to be comfortable with. Not great support for a sand and water table. This one is constructed much better with  5 legs and a center support. The table is huge and is quite a bit deeper allowing for more kinds of playing and more area for kids to play. My only complaint is that it is 12 inches shorter! I can't find any mention of that in the literature or other reviews but it's a huge hassle. My 2 year old towers over it and my 4 year old has to sit down to use it. I wish they had longer legs I could substitute for the short ones! Otherwise it's a great table and think we'll get another few years out of this one", 5.0
"Very helpful information was given from previous ratings that still sold me on this sandbox for my 4 y/o daughter.  I liked the warning about the umbrella hole which I will know to watch out for.  And I only bought 3 bags of sand for it which I put 2 in and am leaving 1 for back-up but it is still bigger than I even imagined which is great for the price!  I took advantage of the SUPER SAVER FREE SHIPPING and I thought I wouldnt get the product for a month, 5 business days!!  That was absolutely beyond anything I dreamed!  My husband and I bought 2 big items from Amazon and had 2 great experiences, and I am a hooked customer!  THANK YO", 5.0
"My 4-year old got this toy for his birthday and he absolutely loves it. The umbrella is a great option and the cover is WATERPROOF!!!  We recently had alot of rain and not one drop of water got in.  My son can spend hours playing with the sand table.", 5.0
"This table went together in no time (more time was spent opening and dumping the 4 50-pound bags of play sand).  My daughter got this for her birthday and loves it.  The only improvement I would suggest is to have a drain hole in the center leg or a cap to cover the opening for the umbrella.  We had the umbrella out for less than an hour and the center leg was COMPLETELY filled with sand so we had to move the table (and what was left of the 200lbs of sand)to let the leg empty and put the umbrella back in.  Otherwise a great table", 5.0
"I just bought this sandtable today for my 4yr old son. It went together pretty easy,  you do have to push really hard on the legs to get them to lock, I did use a rubber mallet to help me lock in place. The umbrella is nice and I like the idea that it also becomes the lid with 3 straps to hold in place. I cant say how water proof the umbrella is yet since I just got it. Since my son is 4 I thought it could be a little taller and it says it holds 200lbs of sand, well I bought 4 bags of sand and 2 bags practically filled it, so I will use the 2 bags as backup! We all know the sand doesnt stay in the box for long! Overall I like it and I like the fact that the kids can stand up and play instead of being in the sandbox itself. Oh the little shovel attachment is easy to use also. It needs to be removed when you put the cover on but comes off easily and a piece of the umbrella needs to be removed also, but can store in the sandbox when being covered.", 5.0
"I bought this for my 22 month old for Christmas.  She loves pressing buttons and making stuff happen (Pooh's voice), and picking up the handset.  Now that she's 24 months, she finally "gets" it when Pooh asks her to "Call Piglet!", and she presses the number 3 which has Piglet on it.", 4.0
"Frankly, I'm not sure it's worth $19.99.  That's how much I bought it for, at Walmart, but if this is your price range and you want a toy for a child who is at least 18 months of age, and maybe up until age 3, then this is a great one, in my opinion", 5.0
"I gave about three of these as gifts and all the kids seemed very happy.", 5.0
"The quality looked pretty good but since I do not have one for the long term hard to say.", 5.0
"My husband and I bought this ball for our son's soccer team. Even though it is not his regulation ball size (he uses a size 3 ball) We decorated it with the team colors, wrote each kids name on the ball and put "Sharks Game Ball" on it. Each kid gets it after a game they played with teamwork and sportsmanship(not just scoring) and they can take it home and do whatever they want with it for a week. The ball has lasted so far and the paint has stayed on. I do wish it came with more paints or the opportunity to get more. It does not cover very dark.", 5.0
"Hope this gives someone an idea.", 5.0
"I bought this for my niece two years ago and never thought about it or heard about it again.  Recently, I went to her soccer game and while she was playing, her brothers were playing with this decorated ball.  She had fun decorating it and they all love to play with it!!  I was pleasantly surprised", 5.0
"This seems like a lot of fun, but at the same time most people nowadays are looking for the new cool-looking Adidas or Nike. Plus it probably won't last very long because of the material", 5.0
"Coming from a kid, I must say that this is a wonderful item to have. I got it for my birthday last year and I loved it. I played with all the time. I painted it my own way, and it tought me to be more creative. It looks still liked new, after a year of playing Traveling Soccer. I had my friends sign my soccer ball and now everyone wants to play with it! I love it and if your kid is sporty and has fun painting and stuff...getting this for your kid is a great idea. I loved getting this and so will you", 5.0
"tHISTOY DID NOT SUIT FOR A FUN TOY. I BOUGHT IT FOR MY KID AND 1 DAY AFTER MY KID PAINTED IT  , IT CAME OFF. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND I", 5.0
"My son and I had great fun painting this soccer ball.  It has a truly personalized look, and gets attention whenever he plays.  It is a great art project, particularly because it is useful when completed", 5.0
"We purchased this item for a 13 hour road trip home.  Our son is not quite three and it was a huge success.  He played with it off and on for a total of about 2 hours both times. It is great for travel because the "keys" are held on by a ribbon that is just the right length.  Even our niece,6 and nephew,12 enjoyed playing with it once we were at Nana's.  Definitely a good choice if your child enjoys figuring out how things work.", 2.0
"Although the playset is on the small side (about 12 inches by 7 inches tall), the figures and the homes are cute.  My kids love Spongebob so they love the set.  Is it worth all the money??? I guess it is only because I couldn't find any other playsets with Spongebob", 4.0
"It came promptly in great condition.  I would absolutely buy from seller again", 4.0
"This set has really cool gadgets. I love to spy from the bushes on people with the night vision goggles. I love the light that pops out. The motion detector works pretty well and the listener is way better than the supersonic ear. It works very well. My friend and I", 5.0
"love to spy on my sister and her "club" with it.It is a MUST have.I don't understand why everyone else posting reviews thinks it is a bad toy it works very well", 4.0
"   I own these toys, and I have a lot of fun with them. I like to sneak around the house and listen in on conversations, look around with the binocs, and use the light beam sensor to stay alert if my sister enters my base.", 5.0
"   The binocs are pretty good and you can adjust them so whatever your looking at won't be blury. The light on the binocs can be turned on inside the binocs or they can pop out for more distance. The batteries last fairly long, and don't run out too fast.", 2.0
"The Spy Listener thing with glasses works well, and you can even hear people wisper. If you twist the end of the Spy Listener thing while it is clicked back in the module it will pop out in cool gesture into what it looks like in the picture provided by Amazon at the time being. The setback to it is it us the very small, expensive batteries. I left mine on and it lost all battery power and I haven't had the chance to ask my dad to get some new ones yet. Overall it is a good device.", 5.0
"   The Spy Light Beam Sensor sends out an invisible beam that if broken sounds an alarm. You can pull the front out or push it in for the sensitivity or range you want. The device does not work well if layed on the ground. Therefore, you should put it on something a foot or two above the ground. The range of it is not very far because on mine it only went 2-3 feet but maybe thats because I use it a lot.", 5.0
"I give this set 5 stars of fun because I have had a lot of fun playing spy with my friends.", 5.0
"I give it 3 stars of eductional value because you use your imagination.", 5.0
"I give it 4 stars of durability because all of these have taken big falls while playing with them and when I was a spy for Halloween.", 5.0
"I give it 4 stars overall because thats what it averages out to", 5.0
"this toy is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 4.0
"my favorite part is the binoculars.", 1.0
"               *A MUST HAVE", 1.0
"this is only fun if your 5-8. i had wasted my money on this thin", 5.0
"My daughter enjoyed watching the roots and seeds grow.  It's interesting to be able to see what goes on "beneath" the soil. Her third grade teacher was intrigued and asked her to bring them in for the whole class to see.  A fun and educational product", 4.0
"The product is exactly what I saw on the web. and the deliver was quick, I received it after only a couple of days that I placed the order.", 4.0
"I found this little guy as a companion to my Gund Klumbsy's tiger, which I named Sanga.  This little guy, I named Kumal, so they could be the Two Brothers from the same-named movie.  He's cute, very soft, and is adorable when you have him sitting down.  He also doesn't look like he came from the same cookie-cutter mold like many of the other Ty animals.  Highly recommended", 5.0
"The children did not like it as much as the original song options", 4.0
"We have the musini and love it. It has held up well to three kids playing and dancing around it and falling on it. This cartridge only adds to the fun. It is easy to insert and my little three year old and two year old are able to do insert it. It works great.", 5.0
"Enjoy.", 4.0
"We purchased this along with many other DIEGO items for my son's 4th Birthday.", 5.0
"This is a very cute idea however the belt is extremely small.", 1.0
"My son is a slim 4yr old and he can not even keep it tied around his waist.", 2.0
"We will have to sew in some elastic extenders to make this work.", 4.0
"The velcro can adjust to such a small width that my husband was thinking this went on his thigh, lol", 4.0
"Nice to know there is extra paper handy for the next masterpiece. Just right for the easel", 4.0
"I purchased the easel pads for our grandchildren and have gotten lots of pictures to hang in my kitchen. I like these better than the big roll, easier for the little ones to handle.The large pads also go great with the creamy crayons", 4.0
"I thought the pricing for this item and the quality delivered were sub-par.  "Extra Large" to me meant a lot of sheets on the tablet.  The tablets were skimpy and the paper of the poorest newsprint quality.  I would not purchase this item again", 2.0
"my 4 year old daughter loves these!  Very easy and convenient to use. We go through several a year so I am very pleased that they come in a twin pack", 4.0
"I have a child who loves to draw, color, and paint millions of pictures and make papers with stuff stuck all over them.  So many, that they're everywhere and a lof of them eventually find their way into the trash.  This is a great product for this kind of situation.  My kid was excited over the large size of the paper.  There is enough paper to last a while.  You don't have to have an easel to enjoy it.  The only dissappointing thing about it was the cost of shipping it - it came in a way-oversized box by itself and made the overall cost to buy it too expensive", 5.0
"I bought the toy for my 3yr old son for christmas and I have to say that he loved it.  It is simple for a child to use with the accompany of an adult.  I let him and my niece put the ice inside and we took turns turning the handle.  The taste of the generic brand kool-aid was pretty nasty so I bought Kool-Aid packets on my own and made the juice myself. Overall I was pleased with it.  I only paid 6.50 for it on an website it was worth it and a few more bucks.  My son loves Spongebob; so he would have been pleased with a hat. lol but it is fun to make with little mess to no mess.  I recommend it to anyone", 2.0
"This thing is huge. it really is over 5 feet tall that is taller than my mother.Once this thing is done it is incredible.But first after you finish it look at the tips for success of it working.This thing is great and is not worth the price.But lucky for me I got this as a gift.If you put a ball in the motor thingy and it doesn't work put in 2 more balls and it will work.Buy this YOU WILL NOT BE UNHAPPY.Go big air ball tower", 5.0
"My 6 1/2 year old son bought this with his allowance money.  His Dad had to help him assemble it, but he did most of it by himself.  It does take a good 6 hours to assemble but well worth it.  It's totally cool & it really works!  Instructions could have been a little clearer to me, but my son didn't have a problem.", 5.0
"Hi, the names Tom, i'm 12 years old and I know a thing or two about kids these days being one my self, my parents bought this toy for me last christmas and it was terrible, it took 3 days to put up and when it got put up every time you tried to use it it broke so it took another hour to set backup. It's almost impossible get the orange tubes in the right place and when you get it in the right place they bend back out, so when you drop a ball it either misses the thing completley or it hits the rim and bounces out. I highly do not reccomend this toy.", 5.0
"*************** MY toy rating in the top 100:98 ***************", 5.0
"This gets 5 stars for being well worth the $4 it cost!  We have given them as presents to ages 5-17 and all wind up playing with them for at least the day.  If they never get used again, the chuckles are worth the price", 5.0
"and she hella loved this! If you love to fling things at cats or small children, this is for you! It's the funniest thing ever! however I would never actually GIVE this to a child..", 5.0
"As other reviewers have mentioned, the game is easy to set-up and put away. I took off one star mainly because the penguins occasionally fall into the crack between the wobbling iceberg and the stable platform and are difficult to remove. In addition, my son gets frustrated with the game very quickly, since a falling penguin can potentially take the other penguins down with him. I'm trying to teach him to relax, but six-year-olds cannot always be persuaded that life will go whether the penguins remain upright or not. We've learned to play a few quick rounds and then try a different activity entirely", 4.0
"     I teach 4th grade, and this is quick to play, requires no fancy scorekeeping, can have up to six players, and is just as much fun for the mainstreamed special guests we have at recess as for the honor roll regulars, social isolates, and gregarious stars.  There is not an inside recess period when I don't feel like we are getting our money's worth from the penguins.", 5.0
"Given the March of the Penguin Movie causing Penguin Mania I purchased this game for my five year old nephew and he enjoys it very much.", 5.0
"I got this for my daughter (7) and she just loves it.  The webkinz site is just great, I just need to monitor her game playing on it.  Otherwise, the site itself is quite a unique concept.  So many different things that she can learn", 1.0
"This item came in a little over a week. I wasn't sure what to expect, having only seen the photo on the Amazon site.  Its been difficult trying to locate a Webkin in any store, so I took a chance on ordering one online. I was very pleasantly surprised that the Webkin Unicorn was top quality. It arrived in brand new condition, was full-size, and had the necessary neck tag (w/ web code) intact. I was only a little disappointed that it was scrunched up in a cardboard box, no paper/ plastic wrapping for protection or rainbow backdrop (as it is shown in the Amazon web site). Otherwise, it was a good purchase.  My daughter is having a great time playing games w/ her friends on the "safe" kids' Webkins web site", 4.0
"  I'll tell you.  I had no idea what these things were when a friend of my daughters mentioned that she would like one for her birthday.  Well, my daughter received one for a class Christmas present.  WOW!  These things provide hours of educational fun.  Good grief.  She has to work for W dollars and save up for food for her Unicorn.  She can also save up for furnishings for her Unicorn's bedroom, toys, appliances, clothes, etc.  She is having so much fun looking after her new Webkinz, that I have to ask her to leave the computer occasionally to give her eyes a rest.  The arcade games are fantastic.  My favorite is the trivia.  Extremely rewarding and full of wonderful skills and facts to learn.  What a great concept by Ganz.  This will be a classic in no time.  I would reccomend however, that the user have DSL or some other form of high speed internet to enjoy this product.  Anyway, have fun", 1.0
"We LOVE this bubble machine. My kids have been using it for a year now with no problems. They use it inside and out. My oldest daughter even use it at her birthday dance party because of the amount of bubbles it releases. Have a great time with this toy, we are", 5.0
"This bubble machine is great. My 4year old helps to fill it, he turns it on and bubbles every where.  Even our two dogs get in on the act.  It's great fun for summer time", 4.0
"I give it to a little girl for her birthday she love it works good she is able to do hersel", 5.0
"My son got this for his birthday.  He used it once, and somehow bubbles got into the inner mechanisms and it stopped working.  Even after removing the batteries and letting it dry out, no dice.  Not sure if there was a leak in the bubble dispenser, or it was just poorly made, but my son only got one use out of it", 5.0
"It was fun while it lasted, but I hate how poorly toys are put together these days. What happened to well-constructed American toys?  For one thing, it eats up WAY too many batteries. They should make it run on a 9V one instead. All those AAs cost money! And then after a couple months it just stopped working altogether. My husband tried to open it up and fix it and could only get it running again by wrapping the whole thing up in black electrical tape. Everytime it stopped working my toddler son and I had to jiggle it just right for something to connect right again. Frustration, frustration. We give up on ever getting one of these again", 5.0
"  This is a really cool bubble machine.  We paid $25 at a private toy shop, since Toysrus didn't have anything like this at the time.  My 6 month old loved it and we would put it on occassionally for her.  One day a neighborhood kid was playing with it and the bubble solution overflowed.  We rinsed it out, but didn't realize that the battery compartment was not sealed.  Later when it didn't work and we went to change the batteries, everything was corroded.  We just found another one at Toysrus us, this time for only $10, and we're going to be more careful.  Still a great toy, and I'm sure if it breaks we'll just buy another one, but they really should change the design to protect the batteries", 4.0
"Helps kids work on dexterity and have fun at the same time. An oldy but goody with a humorous new twist kids can relate to", 4.0
"My six year old loves this game.  He has fun with the differences between it and the original operation.  I have found as an adult it is easier then the original version.  It is a must have for any family", 4.0
"Wil be giving this to grandaughter who is 51/2 years old for Christmas. She knows the two Sherk movies my heart. She will love this game, bought off Amazin because every item I purchase from Amazon is new and can count on it being of the value of asking price. Very happy with item, bought", 5.0
"The pieces are too difficult to remove.  They are smooth and the clamp cannot grasp the objects", 4.0
"My 6yr old received this for christmas and him and his 2 1/2 year old brother will play this with my husband and I.  Now i know it has small pieces but we never let the two year old play without us their and most of the time they just put pieces up and hit the sides and make it buzz and giggle at each other", 5.0
"We finally bought this game for our little boy as an early birthday gift.  He begged for this game for a couple of months and I really did'nt think he was old enough for it but he proved us wrong and is better at playing the game than me or my husband!  Its a really fun game just like the classic version but its much more fun for my little boy since he is a Shrek fan!  The pieces you have to get or operate are so funny, there is a frog in Shreks throat, ear wax, toe jam, onion breath, heart burn, pixie bites and much more!  It just makes the game more fun with Shrek being the person you have to operate on!", 4.0
"I would suggest this game if you are thinking about buying it, it is still getting played after weeks of playing it my little boy is still having fun with it", 5.0
"i bought this for my 7 year old for christmas. It has held up wonderfully and we have had a great time playing it. I especially love the rhymes on the body part cards. The pieces to remove can be easy to lose, but that is how all operation games are. I find a ziplock sandwich bag to hold the pieces does the trick. This is a great buy and well worth the money.", 5.0
"I gave this a 3 star for educational because it doesn't really teach much more than the general shape of the body. It does have some great words for learning reading, though", 4.0
"This game is Shrekalicious. It rules!! It is even more fun than the original. Operation Shrek is definately worth the money. I've had tons of fun playing. People of all ages will have a blast playing this game. Rock on!!!!", 5.0
"As I reviewed elsewhere the Quadrilla marble rolls are awesome - but this teeter totter expansion requires the straight tracks.  Make sure you buy straights if you buy one of these.", 4.0
"I've done my research and there is not a softer and cuddlier Grover out there. This is the quality that you expect from GUND. I highly recommend this product", 2.0
"Grover is cute overall, but his eyes are little scary for my son when he's in bed at night.   He has to sleep in a chair", 4.0
"I have given each of my six Grandchidren a Grover for their first Christmas.  Each of my three children had one when they were young and Grover went everywhere with us.  He even with off to college with one child.  Just sort of a family tradition to have a Grover.  Anyway I ordered Grover and he was here in excellent condition within two days.  Wonderful experience and will most definitely use this company in the future.  Thank yo", 5.0
"My 2 year-old received this as a gift for his birthday.  He really enjoys it, but my 16 month-old has liked it better so far.  When he was first learning to walk, he enjoyed pushing it around, and both of them like sitting on it and pushing the buttons that play the music.  I haven't seen them sit on it and scoot around much, but they still have had a lot of fun with it", 2.0
"It is a neat looking puzzle but when my son opened it on Christmas the sound wouldn't work. We tried different batteries but still no sound. He does like the puzzle but the main reason I bought it was b/c it was supposed to make neat sounds. Maybe it was just one time luck that it didn't work", 5.0
"My 22 month-old son has many wonderful abilities, but puzzles, however, are not quite his forte.  This puzzle he loves!  He concentrates on mastering it because he enjoys hearing the puzzle sound as he places the car, motorcycle, airplane, etc. into their correct spaces.  And the sounds are clear and authentic. Your child (and you) will have a lot of fun with this. It's also a great gift", 1.0
"Very unique gift and loved by all at our 2 yr. old niece's party. Since it was very affordable, gave this puzzle along with the farm sound puzzle.  Plan on buying more for Christmas gifts", 4.0
"Planets rotate on 2 tracks to give the illusion that the planets are all moving at different speeds (an effective illusion).", 4.0
"It would have been nice if the ring of Saturn were semi translucent plastic rather than cardboard.", 5.0
"Since Pluto has been downgraded from planetary status you can perhaps hang the Star Trek Enterprise orbiting the outer solar system, the Borg cube, or the Death Star (the geek potential is high with this...", 5.0
"This is really neat.  It lights up and spins and all that good stuff.  The "comet maker" is really only a tiny flashlight... and be prepared to put some pretty good size holes in your ceiling... but it is a great thing to watch and very educational when used with the soundtrack", 5.0
"My son is two-and-a-half and LOVES this game!  We were having a hard time teaching him the concept of matching objects, but with this game, he picked it right up.  He loves the book and recognized the pictures right away.  I also like this game because it's designed to be played on several different levels.  Right now we can just work on matching, soon we can build on that and use it as a memory game.  I'm really happy that we got this game and enjoy playing it together", 5.0
"My two-year old girl loves this game. Its easy and you don't have to be able to read to play it. Fans of the book will find it a great follow up...the child will be able to easily match up the pieces, and it provides good educational skills whilst being fun at the same time", 5.0
"I bought this game for my 18 month old son.  He loves the Goodnight Moon book.  The game has blown up pictures from in the book made into cards that he can match to a board.  There is also a large board picture to match the pictures on the card.  This game is easy to modify and use with younger children or with only one child.  My 18 month old has been successful with matching to the boards.  As his skills improve he will be able to play the more challenging versions of the game.  The company is also willing to ship lost pieces for a minimal charge.  This guarantees the game will stay intact", 4.0
"My son got this for Christmas this year and he won't stop asking us to play!  He's two and very into matching and it only adds to the fun of one of his favorite books (i'm even noticing details from the book that I've read evernight for the past 24 months!  Did you know the cover of both Goodnight Moon & Runaway Bunny appear in the room!?)  Anyway, it's definitely been a hit.  The only negative thing I have to say is that the box has already started to tear- he wants to take it with us EVERYWHERE! Several of the classic games from when we were little are now in tin boxes- I think that's a great idea for toddlers & preschoolers & wish more manufacturers would do that.  However, no reason to give any less than five stars", 5.0
"He's two and we played for an hour today. He laughed a lot", 5.0
"I have a 4yr old and a 2 yr old. And they love this game.  It makes my 4yr old happy i can sit and play a game with her and it's a game that my 2yr old can follow.  The fact that you can adjust the "challenge" level helps make it more interesting for the older kids, and the familiar picks are attention keepers for little guys", 5.0
"My daughter loved the book as a baby, and she loves the game now. She enjoys I-Spy books and the card game as well. Finding and matching images is a lot of fun for her. The fact that this ties into the book makes this even more fun", 5.0
"My child did not quite understand this game.  It's confusing even with instructions.  He worked on it for about a week and now it's doomed at the bottom of his toybox", 4.0
"This "toy" is the biggest waste of money! When I got it, there were few reviews out about it.  It is very complicated to use and the web site never works and there is nothing to do on it when it does.  They should be repaying all of us our money for having bought this! Don't waste your money", 5.0
"The game has a nice concept, IF IT WORKED. I've been trying since christmas(over 3 months) to connect this game to the internet to update it for my kids and finally was able to update the firmware today. Something that you will have to do to be able to get to the virtual worlds,BUT THE WEB SITE IS ALWAYS DOWN!!!!! EXPERANCING TECHNICAL PROBLEMS!!!  and the nice window that pop's up on the home page from the Chief, asking for suggestions goes to a bad link!!!", 5.0
"I only gave it 1 star because the review process doesn't have a 0 stars.", 5.0
"DON'T WASTE ANY MONEY ON THIS THING!!!!", 5.0
"This product is a waste of time! Don't bother. The handheld game is entertaining for my daughter, but connecting it online via the website is frustrating to say the least! Once connected, we walked around the "virtual world" with nothing to do. It is too complicated for my 8 yr old to do alone. There are much better products out there for children that are similar, but easier to play with. I would suggest Webkinz or Neopets. These 2 sites are very kid friendly and have educational games to play, unlike the Muichiz site! Good luck..", 5.0
"This toy can't be unsed unless you go online and "update" it.  We have spent countless hours trying to "update" this toy - and ther is always a problem.  The website is down or some other technical problem.  Then IF the website is up - you go through the whole process and the toy still does not update - so it is unusable!  It is a complete waste of money", 5.0
"I got this for my 8 yr old daughter for her birthday and she loves it!", 5.0
"She really loves taking care of the Miuchiz and making credits to buy things for it.  I didn't know there were games on there also that girls her age would like, such as tic tac toe and paper, rock, scissors!", 4.0
"She really enjoys the Miuchiz and I highly recommend for girls her age.", 4.0
"Don't waste your time on this thing until they fix the bugs. We bought the Bratz one & it thought it was a Pawz when we took it online. After 10 or so total hours (Yes, I know what I'm doing) fighting it I gave up & took it back. Tech support is a joke. There's NOTHING in the manual or online help, only a link to tech support who sends the exact same auto response every time, and none of those responses addresses the issue.", 4.0
"I purchased this item for my daughters 7 and 5 for Christmas.  Very Good choice", 5.0
"This is very well made and so cute.  Oscar's can even has a little handle on top that my son uses to carry him around. It is not quiet as soft and cuddly as the other characters in the collection (due to the texture of the fabric on the can), but the collection wouldn't be complete with out him. I highly recommend this product", 5.0
"This item was the perfect size and really cute.  I gave it as a gift to my boyfriend whose name is Oscar and he's sometimes grouchy; he loved it.  Shipping was fast and it's just as described.  I was very pleased", 5.0
"This game was supposed to be a gift for my husband for our anniversary.  I took my time figuring out the "theme" and the pictures and names of properties so I actually gave it to him 4 months later on valentine's day when I finally completed it!  Don't worry though, it's not hugely time consuming - it probably only took me a few hours to complete once I'd decided on everything.  It was the deciding that took a while.  He loves it and even wanted to play it right then and there when he opened it!  It's a great idea, you can make it very personal using your own pictures, etc and with a little creativity and thought whoever is the recipient of this gift will be quite touched that you took the time to put so much thought and effort into a gift for them.  The only negatives were the actual game pieces (different colored cheap plastic pegs)and the fact that there are no houses and hotels to buy for the properties.  I was planning on making my own personalized playing pieces out of clay and then baking it, but that would've probably taken me another 4 months to get around to doing!  For now we're using the pieces from the old Monopoly set we had.  All in all I definitely recommend this game", 1.0
"This game is fantastic and is limited only by the extent of your imagination. It is very easy to design, using a computer, a printer and the tools provided. The possibilities for creating a unique theme are endless. We are already on our 3rd edition.", 4.0
"I bought this game to create a game for a middle school career class.  The spaces represent things that could/would happen to them after they get out of school.  This form of Monopoly can be used by anyone for any topic or subject.  Easy to use", 2.0
"This board game is awesome. You get to create your own monopoly game using the computer and paper and more. Although, it does take time and patience to create it. You need a computer to create your own monopoly. Without a computer, you'll have to write the property names on the boards and create your own deed cards.", 5.0
"If you don't have a computer, I would recommend getting one now. You can't create one without a computer just incase you have sloppy handwriting.", 5.0
"You also need to be creative. Without being creative, you never think of a title to call your opoly", 4.0
"The Iquest is really good.", 5.0
"My friend has it, and her average went from a C to an A!", 5.0
"I got it for a gift, and it's amazing!", 5.0
"I'm SOOO addicted to it....but mine", 5.0
"doest have a back light so whenever I go on trips,", 4.0
"I have to bring my game boy cause I cant see in the car...cause", 4.0
"it's usually dark in there. I would defently", 4.0
"recomend this toy. It also keeps my siblings busy when we have a party or something and my mom and dad cant watch us. I quest rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"Great, awesome, very informative. It has help me with my math. The pop quiz is fun. It is like a test, you answer the quesition at the end you are scored. The Quest also has a dictionary were you can type in a word and it tells you the meaning of the word. It also has a address book and a calculator. This will make a great gift for a child. You can also study social studies and science.  Try it and you will not let it go! Have fun and learn because I did.", 5.0
"My daughter really loves her iQuest!  She takes it everywhere with her.  She uses almost every function every day.", 4.0
"The iQuest is great for studying while your child feels as if he/she is playing a game.  My daughter studies what she learned in school every night with her iQuest by choosing her school textbook from the list.  Sometimes we play the games together.", 4.0
"The only problem is that there is no backlight and no attachable light, so my daughter always has to be in a well-lit room to use this interesting gadget.  Unless you choose to ride in the car with the light on, your child may want to pack a gameboy as well :", 1.0
"I just got the "iquest" and it is soooooooo kool. i bring it everywhere even out of school. it has helped me with all of my classes expecly math, my grade went to a C to an A!!! if you still arent sure if you should get i... just do it", 1.0
"I got this exact iquest for Christmas last year and it is SOOO cool! It has a cauculator, a planner, and more! There are actually ALOT of textbook choices on the cartridges. I'm in 6th grade so I own the math, social studies, and science cartridges grades 6-8 and ALL of them have my text books. Over all, iquest ROCKS", 5.0
"I purchased this for my 5th grade daughter who was having problems in Science. Prior to the purchase she had a D average in Science.  After purchasing this product her grade climbed to a high B Average.  This product is very easy to use!  Highly recommend it", 5.0
"my friend has an iquest & i tried it out. i used the starter cartridge. i didn't look for any text books, i just did a math quiz. it was my grade level, & exactly what we were learning in school! i loved it! i saved up all my money, & tomorrow my mom promised i could go buy one. i can't wait! buy this, it's awesome", 5.0
"I love the iquest!!! The only thing is a girl in my class brought hers to school than she would use the calculater to cheat. It's a nice toy but don't let your child cheat with it", 5.0
"These cards were a birthday gift for my 10-year-old son and true to their word, the cards arrived very quickly and in perfect condition. My son and his dad had a great time exploring the treasures-both old-timers and newer stars that were included in this pack. I would not hesitate to order from this company again.", 5.0
"Caboose is great! It's close enough to the one in the movie so that my son pretends it's the real thing. Not as much interest in the handcar, though", 4.0
"This toy was very cool for the tub.  Fun to stick all over the tub and walls and my 2-year old was able to do it all by himself.", 4.0
"My son received this as a present for his 2nd birthday and loves it. The pieces stick to the wall when wet,they also float, and the "road" pieces fit together like a puzzle...so he has a blast playing with them all sorts of ways. We make it part of the routine that at the end of the bath he sticks them all to the wall to dry and later I put them back in the mesh bag that suction-cups to the wall.  And the suction cups actully work! Great product - would make a great gift.", 5.0
"Stick them on the side of the tub and the kids are happy.  Easy toy", 5.0
"These are fun in the bath, and the mesh bag that is included helps to keep all of the pieces contained when you are not using them", 5.0
"My 2 1/2 year old daughter received these from Santa and they have been a big hit!  The first night she jumped in the tub and immediatly started making all the car and truck noises and putting them on the road.  They foster great vocabulary skills when you can talk about all the different types of vehicles and transportation.  What I especially like is the colors.  It is hard to find cars and trucks that aren't the traditional red and blue.  They are more girl friendly without being too "girly" for little boys.  They are very sturdy and store easily in the mesh bag provided.  The only downfall is there could be more road pieces.  Otherwise, a great tub toy", 1.0
"Our 22 month old received this set of cars, trucks, signs, etc. in a big pack that also came with the letters and shapes and numbers.  The first night he spent a long time making car and bus and firetruck sounds along the "road".  The second night, rather than having to 'coax' him to the bath he ran in delight to get to play with the set!  It was a great gift - I'd love to find the "big" set we received somewhere so I could buy it as a gift for someone else to enjoy", 5.0
"he is brilliant to load any toy to the car and to move it to the place", 5.0
"that you go, definitively it would buy but things of Alex", 1.0
"my daughter likes it and knows almost all the song", 1.0
"I just got this toy today.  I love it so much.  It is much better than the advanced battle one.  It contains all 386 Pokemon.  It has 3 games.  It also has a search section, which only requires the first letter of the name of the pokemon.  I purchased the game for $20 at Target,  it was well worth the money.  My brother and I look forward to many more hours of entertainment from this item. I highly recommend!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"It's the perfect size for those small eager hands.  We also really liked the allowance book that came with it; very usefull and a great idea", 5.0
"With 10 Grandkids between the ages of 3 to 15, it's sometimes hard to come up with "good" gift ideas. I gave Superstructs to a 5 year old Grandson, and not only did he love it, so did his 4 brothers and sisters. It's a great way to use ones imagination, and spans a large age group.", 5.0
"Grandma cvs", 5.0
"It seems Antworks partners with a firm that sells the harvester ants.  They come in a tube, inside of a standard yellow padded envelope.  They will ship 20 or so ants and 2-3 will die on transport.  I ordered mine during the spring and they ant farm is a hit with the family.  If you order and it's snowing outside, wait until spring.  They will delay your order until then", 1.0
"I was not surprised when I received the ant farm in the mail.  It was exactly as I expected.  It was easy to order the ants and I received them in a timely manner.  Only a couple of the ants were dead.  Our family has enjoyed watching the ants figure out how to dig and move the gel.  It's fun for the whole family", 5.0
"I bought this ant farm and it advertised a coupon for free ants.  There was no coupon so I paid to for the ants that were supposed to arrive in 3-4 wks.  This was a Christmas gift and the ants arrived in 3 days, most of them already dead.  I notified the company and ask for replacement ants and have not recieved them nor heard any response", 5.0
"I purchased this for my niece and she loves it.  Initially they used ants from the yard and they did not have much luck getting them to dig tunnels.  Then they ordered the ants from the manufacturer and now the ants dig lots of tunnels.  Great gift for a young recipient.", 4.0
"Easy to set-up.  Ants arrived within 3 weeks of ordering them. I set it up almost 2 months ago and the ants are still busy tunneling and working.  No need to add food, water, or anything.  Just dump the ants in and watch them work. I am using this with a group of middle school students as a lab observation.  Came with a magnifying glass. The kids have really enjoyed it and even named some of the ants.  The gel medium really allows you to see what's going on and the container can be passed around for observation without fear that it will disturb the ants tunnels.  A definite hit for curious children of all ages.  I will do this again next year", 5.0
"I love the game Pente. It's one of those games that is deceptivly simple. I learned to love this game on one of the old style paper boards. You would have to weigh down the corners to prevent curling. Not so with this version. Instead of paper, it is a mat so it stays flat. The bottom grips to the table, so there is no slipping. I even believe the mat to be resistant to spills. Yet, it still simple to roll back up so that it easily fits back into the tube. I highly recommend it!", 4.0
"The game of Pente was an all time favorite of mine in the 80's.  I am so glad to see that it is being sold again.  It is just like the game of old.", 5.0
"This is a great game, very simple to play, fun for the whole family", 5.0
"First of all, the stones DO fit into the tube without a problem - you have only to roll the sacks up with the board instead of trying to fit them all on top afterward.  I can't compare the board to the 'classic' version, but I find this one durable and convenient.", 5.0
"Pente has become an instant favorite, and as a game designer myself, I greatly respect its elegance.  If you've never played this game, TRY IT!  The rules are incredibly simple yet the game-play is surprisingly rich and deep (much more than checkers but less than chess)", 5.0
"I ordered this item excited to relive some childhood memories of the game and was very disappointed.", 4.0
"What I was hoping would be a reproduction of the original was instead an ugly, overpriced mousepad! The print quality on the board is a joke. Very blurry and an ugly blue instead of the nice cream color of the original.. And instead of a thin piece of leather-like material like the original, the board is the same thickness of a mousepad with the thick rubber backing and everything. Ok, No big deal, right? Wrong!", 5.0
"Imagine how disappointed I was when I rolled up the board to discover the board and the stones do not fit into the tube! No wonder they ship it outside the tube in the box! The glass stones are much like the original, but very light in color -- this was about the only good thing going for the set so for that I'll give it 1 star.", 5.0
"I sent this item back immediately upon receipt and would encourage anyone else interested in PENTE to find an original set and not buy this joke of a reproduction", 4.0
"This is basically a pen that moves in and out. That makes it hard to draw carefully. We wound up cutting it off to draw the tattos. Then we just switched to using a sharpie marker. A cumbersome product", 5.0
"I purchased these clubs for my son who juggles well with balls and wanted to progress. His is 19 and took care when he tried to use them but they fell apart after 2 months of very little use. The company was completely unsympathetic I would recomend trying more expensive ones or from a different company", 5.0
"Chalk drawings are so much fun, you don't need paper, you do it outside, and if you don't like your drawing you can wash it away. This is good for any age and the colors are great.", 5.0
"My boys love the chalk. So do all the kids at the park! Tons of chalk for everyone to draw and color", 4.0
"While I am not a chemist nor a volcano expert, I am a certified teacher.  This kit provided hours and hours of quality time for my 4 year old, my six year old and myself. We measured ingredients, mixed solutions, made predictions, learned vocabulary, and discussed results.  Can you think of many toys that can offer all of that? I thought the booklet that contained instructions was well-sequenced, with simple experiments followed by complex ones and with a helpful parent script.  There were two drawbacks: the activities required direct parent involvement and sometimes a 2 hour wait time was required for "reactions" to happen", 5.0
"My son got this as a Christmas gift from his aunt when he was 15 months and it was his favorite gift. He still loves it at almost 20 months old. He loves that it plays music and that it talks and has animals.  Sometimes he plays with just the music stand and sometimes he carries around just the animals.  This toy doesn't take up a lot of space and it is inexpensive and a fun time.", 5.0
"This was a gift for my grandson who was recovering from an operation.  It held his interest and it was easy for him to use", 4.0
" I love all of the zapf creations dolls and this one is a must have with the nicest face.. perfect for young girls who you dont want to have a doll that wets, and can be taken into the bath..", 5.0
"all of the zapf creations dolls are wonderfully made .", 5.0
"Hi, I am 13, and I got this and a pixter for christmas.  Besides the games that you can play without any cartrige, this is really fun.  My favorite games are flower frenzy and the ball game.  Some of the games are educational, as that you have to guess what to do because there is no instructions in the cartride. But other than that, the games are fun, and not just for 4 year olds", 5.0
"Challenging and fun for the whole family even my 4 year old daughter-that's who it was originally for.  The Arcade games are clear and the sounds are cool.  When you play the sunken ship pirate game against the "computer", my 4 year old thinks that there is actually a pirate inside the pixter, playing her.  This game and the Barbie Fashion show are her favorite and keep her entertained for hours-at bedtime and in the car", 5.0
"Its is also good for 12 year olds and 13 year olds.Its a good toy to keep kids entertained.While their busy.On a roadtrip is where my freind uses it the most and also fun to play with", 4.0
"I would recommend having a child use their new pixter without any software for a while to "get it."  Then when you introduce software, it will be a lot easier for them to figure out!  My son likes this one alot.  It can keep him occupied for about 45 minutes on a car ride.", 4.0
"However, I did have to read some of the directions first and show him how to do some of the activities, but it was pretty easy right from the get go", 5.0
"Don't waste your money!   I bought this at the same time as the Pixter for my 4 year old daughter and thought it would be very fun.", 5.0
"First of all, the ball is hard to find or see.  Secondly, it is not for a 4 year old.  There is no really exciting sound effect or ball to see.", 5.0
"We put it away.  We tried to play with it 3 times, but even I find it to be not interesting.  Signed, disappointed mother", 4.0
"I purchased the pink one from a major toy store for $319. What's with the $600 price here? I thought $319 was a lot.", 5.0
"Anyway, everyone loves this vehicle and it was worth the price because children just NEVER get bored with it. It is powerful and can drive on grass and up and down gradual sidewalks. I bought it for my 7-year old and she and her friends all love it and she will still fit into the car until about age 9, I guess (and she is a normal-sized child). The radio cannot be heard when driving though.", 1.0
"The "seat belts" have Velcro on them and are for "decoration only" so they don't really secure the child into the car. As a passenger, my 2-year old actually fell out the door onto the sidewalk when the car was driven up a gradual curb. So I went to a fabric store and purchased plastic buckles (like the ones on strollers) and also purchased nylon belt (like on strollers) which is sold by the yard. The belt easily threads through the seat and works well. I didn't sew--just tied knots for the buckles to stay. Really, putting in these "seat belts" is so easy a monkey could do it and it is necessary for the children who are younger than kindergarten. I was walking right next to the car but my toddler fell out so fast that even with my quick reflexes I could not catch him (mom nightmare). The manufacturer probably does not include real seat belts for liability purposes.", 4.0
"Again, this car may be expensive, but well worth it and we can probably sell it after my child outgrows it.", 5.0
"BTW, my son shares this computer so there are some reviews by him under this name", 2.0
"I had the hardest time getting one shipped in last year due to Hurricane Katrina.  I ordered one and it was lost, so I ordered something else from another company because you had ran out.  Long story short, after a delivery of the wal mart version (no radio) a Hummer (which he wanted originally and still wants, loll) We received this hummer two days before Christmas with all the craziness with shipping to our area...and it is a Great Toy.  It is a hit in the neighborhood.  They all like to ride and play with the radio and cb radio inside.  Infact, I have seen 3 pack in and on the Escalade, and it is still going strong.  I have also driven it and I weigh 115 lbs and it still has a lot of power to move.  He has crashed into bricks, mail boxes etc (usually when he lets his friends drive) and it still has held up.  I would say this is a great toy for boys....they love it.  The only think I wonder is why don't they actually make the tires with rubber traction for easer turns on the grass....that would be an added value at the prices they are.  Any ride on for over 200.00 should come with rubber traction on the wheels. A++ toy", 4.0
"MY SON IS 15 MONTHS AND HE LOVES THIS THING!", 2.0
"HE'S IN IT EVERYDAY, LOVES THE RADIO TOO!", 5.0
"IT'S TE COOLEST TOY, IF YOU LIKE TO INDULGE YOUR CHILD", 5.0
"Let me start off by saying We Love this Toy.  However, we are on our 2nd one.  We bought our 4 year old a black one for Christmas.  We had problems with our radio from day one.  In March I stopped by ToysRUs to talk to the manager to tell him the problem.  He easily swapped it out and gave us the new pink/purple one.  Which was awesome.  However, again we started having problems with the radio.  It started shutting itself off when you hit a bump, and then decided to stay on and not go off until the batteries ran out.  I called the buyers protection plan people and asked about this problem.  I was informed they are getting almost daily calls with the radios not working.  They suggested having the store manager get in touch with the Manufacturer to see if there will be a fix.  Obviously we will still have fun without the radio, but it was a very nice feature.  We Would still buy again because my daughter is having the best time with it", 5.0
"This is my best purchase ever, I bought it for my 5yo and he is never out of it I also have a 2 yo that a very happy passenger.  Its cute, durable and lots of fun..  We have kids lined up to ride in it.  It is very roomy and entertains for hours.  My son knows when to get out from the battery indicator which is a great thing go have, along with the radio :).  Would suggest this to anyone lookin for value for money", 5.0
"I WENT TO TOYS R US TO PRICE THE BLACK CADILLAC ESCALADE FOR MY SON TODAY AND HAD PLANNED ON GETTING THE DORA ATV FOR MY DAUGHTER BUT TO MY SURPRISE THEY HAVE THE HOT PINK AND PURPLE BARBIE ESCALADE EXT NOW! IT IS JUST TOO ADORABLE!!", 5.0
"This toy makes you want to be a kid again. We laughed so hard watching the kids ride this over the bumps in the grass on the neighbors yard. Don't stand in front of this toy!!", 1.0
"My husband and I bought this for our three year old son this past December and my son has been in it everyday (we live in FL)!! The radio is great- picks up all the best stations and the simulated CD is great as well. The battery lasts and lasts before it needs recharging.  I rated it a 5 for educational as well because we are learning our right and left turns in a fun way at an early age, as well as early driving skills and confidence. I would advise if giving it as a gift to charge the battery well in advance (first charge needs 24-30 hours). It is really big, our 12 yr old neighbor had a ride (up to 130lbs!) Seats two, and my 6 month old will be able to ride it as well soon enough!It is very durable and comes with an extra wheel rim! The only thing that would make it better is rubber strips on the wheels and a little horn", 1.0
"I bought this for my daughter for Christmas who is 3 and my 1 year old sits in the passenger seat. They absolutely love it. And unlike some of the other power wheels we have purchased (vw bug and the corvette) it is both durable and does not get stuck easily. Also, it can actually go uphill!! If your not letting them ride in a controlled area (such as a basketball court) it is best to ride a bike along side them since you have to run to keep up with this fast paced kiddy vehicle. Overall I would recommend this to anyone with a child over 3- 3 1/2. Younger children should sit in the passenger seat and only if they have good head control (personally I would say over 1 year).", 5.0
"All who have received this from us have been pleased, as our own has been with his. Some of it works well with Lego too", 5.0
"me and my sister got these "phones" for christmas and they were great for about a couple months. but they can only go 5 miles. and our friends live further than that. I wish they could work further than 5 miles but if you live in a neighborhood they would be cool to have! The pictures are ok but what can you expect? there pixels. but if you hold your finger over the lends and point it toward the thing your taking a picture of, then take your finger away then they turn out pretty good :", 5.0
"All 8 of my cousins got chat nows for Christmas only 1 out of 8 kept theirs.  We sent the rest back.  They did not communicate well and the buddy numbers were too long. The pictures were not very clear. NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"We got these for our 9 and 10 yr old sons for christmas. They have been carrying them every where they go. They didnt get anyones numbers since its christmas break, but just by using the chat feature have found friends from thier school on thier chat nows. What a great toy", 4.0
"This is a great phone for kids or beginning conversationalists! It can take pictures and call people, as well as editing photos and texting. It connects pretty quickly, and the faceplates you can buy are very cool. The animations you can use for a screensaver are fun and of good quality. It makes keeping in touch fun! My friend and I got a set of two today and it's so much fun", 5.0
"This phone won't do you anygood if none of your friends have the phone.  So, unless they get the phone you may not have anyone you can talk to", 4.0
"This toy is so cool I Just got one yesterday for my 13th b-day", 4.0
"and it is cool.I took it to school and took a picture of all my friends and stored their number in it.My friend kiana is getting", 5.0
"one right now as I type this her mom said this was so cool and that she needed to keep in touch with her kiana so why not.My teacher said this is a good toy but why do 13 years old need it it's bad enough you guys talk on the house phone. The whole class", 4.0
"said because it's cool.Also I got the earpicece to go with it", 5.0
"the earpicece did'nt work so well my mom took it back today after work.The earpicece kept falling out my ear and I could not hear well which made me mad.So who's ever reading this do not waste your money like I did .But if you want to gone ahead.", 5.0
"I LOVE THIS TOY IT ROCKS THANK YOU HASBRO FOR MAKING IT ALSO YOU VIDEO NOW ROCKS TOO", 5.0
"my grand dauther was so happy to have these skates.she can grow with them.i am happy i made the purchas", 4.0
"The skates are made of excellent quality.  My kids have thrown them, dropped them, crashed in them -- they always stand up excellently to children!", 5.0
"My only issue is that the beginner skates only go up to shoe size 12 and these only to a 1.  My kids were in those shoe sizes @ 4 and 5.  My daughter who just turned 3 is already in an 11 1/2 -- and she is just beginning to finish learning to skate with the first pair.", 5.0
"I think they need to make these larger -- for kids who haven't picked up skating by the age of 4 -- so that they can continue practicing.  These skates are excellent!!!!  I have used them with all 3 of my kids, as I said&lt; I just wished the sizes would go larger...!!!", 5.0
"My kids had great confidence using these, knowing they wouldn't fall -- the settings on the first pair of skates I think are something they should do with teh rollerblade type also, instead of using the "training wheels" --", 5.0
"Ok, yes, downside: They are quite heavy -- after a while, but most kids don't skate for hours on end anyway.  The wheels also don't move too quickly...But then again these are beginner rollerblades...so you would expect that.", 4.0
"For children shoe size 1 and under [as they are made for] they are perfect", 5.0
"My 3 year old daughter wanted these skates to take to the beach this spring so I bought them for her.  She absolutely loves them.  What is suprising is how well she does in them.  She has a pair of the Barbie First Skates and wanted something different.  If the child knows how to skate somewhat well these will do okay.  These skates are not for a beginner skater as the wheels roll in both directions.  I suggest that the parent not buy these if the child doesn't already know how to skate.", 5.0
"We bought these for our 4 yr old and were disappointed with them.  Too big and hard to handle, however, we picked up a pair of the basic plastic pair that her shoe can also fit in and she did great!  After they get the hang of those, the Barbie adjustable inline skates are great! They are $ and well worth it!  Stay away from the "learn to inline skates" though!  Luckily the store took those back", 4.0
"I took my niece skating last night with these skates.  They were forever coming unstrapped - and actually fell off her foot once.  They look nice - but not safe at all", 5.0
"I had a hard time finding a Dora doll that wasn't electronic. I was so happy to find the Dress-Up Dora. She is tall and sturdy, and her outfits are easy for small hands to take on and off. Under her clothes she has a pink bathing suit painted on so she is never nude. My 3 year old daughter got this toy for Christmas and it was one of her favorite toys. Because she doesn't have prerecorded electronic sayings, my daughter can use her imagination to play with this toy.", 5.0
"However, less than two months later, Dora's hair was so severely matted that it was beyond repair. My children do not play roughly with this toy - the only time her hair is slightly touseled is when they are removing clothes or putting new ones on. Dora's hair is currently sticking straight out in all directions and clumping up all over the place. When the hair first started getting matted, we brushed it all out, but less than 24 hours later it was worse than it was before we'd brushed it! If your children will not be upset by the messy hair (mine aren't), it's still a worthwhile toy for the reasons I gave above. My children still play with her every day, and enjoy changing her clothing.", 5.0
"My daughter is into Dora and enjoys this doll as it can come with her everywhere and she can dress her up to, which teaches her about different professions. Also my 1 year old son took it around with him too.", 5.0
"Durable plastic doll, good quality", 4.0
"My little girl, really enjoy the dora doll for a very long tim", 5.0
"My daughter gave me a Christmas List for my 18 mos. old grandaughter Mia, and Dress-up Dora was on the list.", 5.0
"Christmas morning she could hardly keep up with opening presents and when my daughter opened Dora for her, she jumped up and down clapping her hands she was so excited.  Dressing the doll really helps her get the idea of getting dressed. Great doll with really nice accessories.", 5.0
"I gave this to my 2 year old daughter for Xmas and she absolutely loves it. It is almost as big as she is and it is very sturdy. She has been carrying it around all day saying Dora is her best friend. Very cute. I like that it comes with the dog, backpack and book.", 5.0
"The only drawbacks are that it doesn't come with Boots, Dora's monkey sidekick, instead it has a dog. And Dora's hair isn't very even and there are a lot of long, straggly strands of hair I had to even up so they wouldn't get caught on anything.", 5.0
"But all in all it is a great toy that I foresee getting played with a lot", 5.0
"My 2 year old LOVES this toy - she is playing with it right now.  She loves Dora and this is no exception!  She also got the Armorie (sp) and a couple outfits . . . she's entertained for HOURS!", 5.0
"I would suggest getting this for anyone!  I expected one of the smaller Dora's that they sell, but like I said she is a nice size. Almost too big for a 2 year old - but not MY two year old.  She's already dragging her around everywhere", 4.0
"This is one of my favorite toys in the house.  She is VERY easy to dress.  all the outfits velcro up the back so you don't have to deal with buttons or zippers.  My daughter keeps all of her outfits in a cloth bag but we hope to get the armoire soon.", 5.0
"This is an educational toy in the way the little ones have to use small motor skills to dress the doll.  It also is hours of entertainment and imagination as they try on all of the outfits and pretend she is a baker or gardner or whatever.  The hair is easy to brush and my little girl is not constantly bringing in the doll for help dressing.  Some of the shoes (about 1/3) don't stay on real well but they are nothing like the barbie shoe problems.", 5.0
"She has a tatooed bathing suit on her so even if she is naked she isn't naked.", 5.0
"I can't rate this high enough.  Oh, just in case you get it or have it, You know the scratch marks that all vinyl or plastic dolls get?  The white little marks?  A slight wipe with a magic eraser and they come right off.  This doll is very durable and very easy to take care of.  It grows with your child and I see it being a toy that is played with for years.  We got it for christmas last year and it is still played with 4-5 times a week.", 1.0
"One more note... there are not a whole lot of "little peices" with this doll (Again, not like barbie).  The accessories are larger, made of VERY durable plastic, and well thought out.  There are not any unneeded combs or such.  That said, each outfit comes with quite a bit.  Each has socks, shoes, a 3 or 4 peice outfit and an accessory or two.", 1.0
"I know you will love this doll", 5.0
"My daughter has so many "Dora" things - toys, books, activity kits, bedding, etc.  Out of all of her Dora toys, this is the one she plays with the most.   She received the Dressup Adventure Dora doll and the Princess Dora doll for x-mas but she definitely prefers the Dressup version.  Even though Dressup Adventure Dora does not "do" anything, my daughter acutally prefers it over the flashier Princess Dora which lights up, talks and has growing hair.  Dressup Dora is entirely battery and noise free.", 5.0
"This toy is very durable and appropriate for a 3 or 4 year old.  The pieces are larger which makes it easier to keep track of them.  The doll is totally plastic, so it is very durable and does not get ruined if it gets wet.", 5.0
"The only negative about this doll is that it is difficult to put the shirts / dresses on and off.  Putting the sleeves on over the arm area is very difficult for a 3 year old to coordinate (and even a little difficult for a 30 something person to manage).", 5.0
"The doll itself is not very expensive but it does get pricey to buy the add ons.  "Santa" gave my daughter the Dora doll, the baker outfit, the birthday party outfit, the playtime and the bedtime outfit.  My daughter loves putting the clothes on and off of Dora.  The baker ensemble and the birthday dress set are her favorites.  All of the clothes come with cute accessories and a small board book", 5.0
"We were Christmas shopping when we came across the doll/outfits.  My daughter begged and begged for it till finally I'm like OK, OK, OK. I'll buy that for you NOW.  You've been such a great girl and mommies wonderful helper. BIG MISTAKE.  She only played with it two days tops.  I bought her the doll and bought the soccor outfit seperate.  She was frustrated that the back back wouldn't hold more of her stuff.  Shoes wouldn't stay on and that she couldn't get her hair up into a pony.  I figured that my daughter is almost 5 and really prefers more interactive games.  Lesson learned here!", 5.0
"My daughter received this toy when she turned one.  She has loved playing with it.  Even though she has lost the sheep, at 26 months, it is still one of her favorite toys.  Our son at 7 months likes to play with it also.  Plays old mcdonald tune and each of the animal's sounds.  I would highly recommend this toy for a boy or girl", 5.0
"This is a cute toy.  My young son loves to push it around and hear the "Old McDonald" tune play.  Each animal can be pressed to hear their animal sounds.  Each barn yard animal can be taken out to be played with individually too.  This toy goes great with the Fisher Price Little People Farm set.  My son uses his with his farm set. THe only recommendation I can make to this toy is that it would have been neater if the song had the lyrics to teach the child the song.  It is only a brief part of the tune that plays.  Depending upon which animal is pressed, during the song that animal's sound will join the tune.  That's cute.", 4.0
"There is simply no way anyone could like this safe.", 5.0
"1) The drawer cannot take *ANY* weight. Forget about even putting a few coins it it because once you do, it won't open!", 5.0
"2) It eats batteries like a 500lb man eats hamburgers.  Literally a full pack of AA batteries every few weeks!  The reason is, this thing flashes lights even when nobody is near it or it is not in use.", 5.0
"3) Cheap construction, this thing is engineered to FAIL. Half the time the drawer fails to open, the keypad fails to work, and it flakes out the other half of the time.", 5.0
"Avoid this junk at all costs", 4.0
"This safe is the biggest waste of money I have ever seen. I had to pry the safe apart to get all my valuables out. The problem was that it didn't like any of the passwords I tried to put in. So prying the back off was the only way to go. If I could, I would give this safe a 0!!", 5.0
"I ordered this safe for my grandson after he e-mailed me a very accurate request.  Unfortunately, we discovered on Christmas Eve, when he opened it, that it was inoperable.  I have given his parents the return information and labels", 5.0
"Bank goes off with out anyone in the room.  Our son loved it for about 5 minute", 5.0
"My grandson loved this!  He has three younger siblings and loves having a safe place for his treasures.  It doesn't hurt that it has a loud alarm and a very high tech look", 5.0
"I gave this a 5 star rating as a toy not as a safe!!  My 9yr old daughter received this safe as a christmas gift and it is her favorite out of all of the toys she got.  The best part is that the combination is easily reset so that when it is forgotten you can still get at your stuff.  With the alarm and the security code she loves hiding away her gameboy from her younger sister.  This is not a secure functional safe -- it is a toy with a drawer and an easily resetable combination code.  Great for younger kids.  My 4yr old wants one for her birthday now so that she can hide away her treasures from her siblings", 4.0
"My daughter (8 yrs old) switched schools this year and had been struggling with Second Grade math and spelling.  This product's math concepts are awesome and with the 7 different levels it will be as asset as her math requirements change.  The spelling levels and different "games" are great and reinforces what she is learing in school!  There are so many options that haven't even been explored yet.  The laptop is sturdy and the carrying handle makes it easy to transport from house to car.  This has been one of the best gifts my daughter has received in years", 5.0
"When you first realize that Series 1 of the 2006 Topps Baseball Card set has 329 cards in it, numbered 1-330, you probably think you know which card is not included.  That is because in the wake of Mickey Mantle's death several years ago Topps decided to honor the Mick by retiring card #7.  Today we say that the modern era of baseball cards begins with the 1952 Topps set, for which Mantle's card is the biggie, not just because it is his Topps rookie card but also because it was a high number, which jumps the value up as well.  However, there is a card #7 in the 2006 Topps set, and it is of Mickey Mantle.  What is kind of cool about the card is that it is just like all of the other cards in the set and there is nothing that distinguishes the fact the Mick is no longer active except for his career stats ending in 1968 (he stole six bases in his final season on those ruined legs).", 5.0
"The card that is missing is #297, Alex Gordon, who turned out not to meet the new gold standard for having a rookie card.  There are some cut out versions of the card floating around out there is you want to have a really complete Series 1 collection (as opposed to have four incomplete collections for about the same price).  An intact version sold for $7,000 because clearly it is the rarest card around this year.  Topps had to do the cut outs because under Major League Baseball Players Association rules the former University of Nebraska star, who was the second pick in last year's draft, did not sign a contract until September.  After years of having baseball cards of players who never spend a day in the Major Leagues, the MLPA changed the rules so that rookie cards can now only be put out for players who make the 25-man opening-day roster or played in at least one major league game the year before.  Topps anticipated Gordon would make the Royals' 25-man roster, but the third baseman was assigned to Wichita instead.", 5.0
"That solves the mystery of the missing card for Series 1.  Personally, I think this rule change is great, because I now have complete Topps sets for 1956-57, 1961, 1964-66, and 1968 to date (with less than a dozen cards each to go to finish my 1953, 1958, and 1967 sets), and I lay out my sets so that you see how the teams finished each year.  So I like to see who was playing with each team each year.  Granted, that is difficult today because this set already has Johnny Damon with the Yankees (#185), but Coco Crisp (#12) is still an Indian and not Damon's replacement with the Red Sox.  Tom Gordon (#163) appears as a Phillie in the photo and on the back, but his card still says Yankee and Matt Morris (#238) is seen as a Cardinal on the front of his card with the Giants.  The main thing is that when you get to the rookies in Series 1 (cards 296-325) you will actually find players who are in the major leagues right now, including the prohibitive favorite for the American League Rookie of the Year Award, Francisco Liriano (#309) of the Twins.   This beats going back a couple of years and looking at all of the rookie cards and finding only a handful have made it to the show this many years down the road.", 5.0
"The Topps set remains THE set for me each year because it is the one with history behind it, so if you feel the same way it is a must have for your collection.  The base cards in the set run from #1 (Alex Rodriguez) to #242 (Felix Hernandez), with big names Manny Ramirez (#50), Barry Bonds (#100), Pedro Martinez (#150), Roger Clemens (#151), Ivan Rodriguez (#175), Albert Puljos (#200), and Ichiro (#225) in between.  Cards #243-59 are the American and National League Gold Glove Award winners, a set that is missing the A.L. Catcher, who was not I-Rod but Jason Veritek, who does not have a Topps card again this year.  We then have the award winners in the two leagues for the Cy Young, Most Valuable Player, and Rookie of the Year awards (#260-65), followed by the Team Cards/Managers (#266-95).  What they are doing here is interesting, because they have the teams arranged alphabetically from the Arizona Diamondbacks to the Washington Nationals, and what you have hear is the manager card or the team card for each, but never both (e.g., you get Mets manager Willie Randolph and the New York Yankees team card).  In Series 2, you will find the appropriate counterparts.  As mentioned above you have the Rookies (#296-325), and then Team Stars (#326-30), which pairs up stars from the Yankees, Orioles, Braves, Red Sox, and Cubs.", 5.0
"I bought the puppy and bear with wand when it went on sale for about $[...] a piece months ago. The wand works on both puppy and bear. The light show is nice. If the price comes down in the future, I will buy more.", 4.0
"The kids love these little bears.  The bears are great on not wasting batteries - they turn themselves off after a short time.  I have given a few as gifts because they're just so nice for the kids.", 4.0
"I bought this bear in hopes that it would comfort my 4 year-old neighbor during a short but scary hospital stay.  It worked like a charm!  During the night, when she'd wake up, she'd grab the bear and start another light show.  She loved the bear so much, that she and her family gave one to my 2-year old son for Christmas.  I'm happy to report that he loves the bear as much as she does!  Great gift!", 5.0
"My daughter decided she was big enough that she didn't need a night light anymore (she's almost 7), but was a little nervous about it at the same time.  She had gotten this bear for Christmas, and sleeps with it, so she decided to try no night light and put the bear on her dresser where she could see it.  She sleeps with the wand under her pillow, and if she wakes up in the middle of the night, and is nervous, she pulls out the wand and turns the bear on.  It has worked like a charm", 5.0
"I gave this product as a gift to one of my friend's kid during the christmas season. The kids loves this one..very soft and looks great...Very good quality produc", 2.0
"My daughter & I love the beautiful different color changing lights that the bear glows at night. The bear is so soft, and it is so great to watch the colored lights while you fall asleep, so very relaxing", 5.0
"My daughter loves this bear, and so do I, she could not wait to take it out of the box.  She sleeps with it every night and it is on long enough before it turns off if not she can always hit the paw to turn it back on.  This has helped with the transition from sharing a bedroom with her older sister to sleeping in her own room alot easier", 5.0
"Everyone loves GloE.  My daughter found this toy in a catalog but no one had seen it in person.  Well, my husband could not stop playing with it and my son wants one of his own too.  The wand and the book are nice additions to the bear", 4.0
"This product is very durable. The lights last very long. My daughter loves the wand that came with the bear because she can change the colors of the lights from the other side of the room, and she thinks that is so cool", 5.0
"The price was great!  The bear is so soft and cute.  Highley reccommended", 5.0
"The five test tubes have one experiment each in them.  Very fun and easy to do.  My eight year old son has done most of them by himself.  Has a list of suggestions of what to do with the test tubes after the experiments are completed.  Two favorites has been the creation of "snow" and developing a ball that bounces.  Highly recommended", 4.0
"All the Slinkys I recieved were in great condition and the kids love them.  Something so simple, but yet so much fun in so many ways.", 4.0
"Ji", 4.0
"Sigh.  Brings back memories.  This is exactly the same as I remember from my childhood.  The metal sounds, strength, cool light reflections, and durability are much better than you will find with newer plastic models, and the price is right.  My only complaint is that it comes shipped in an absurd amount of packaging several times the size of the actual toy, which is wasteful and annoying to wade through.  But once it's open, it will bring hours of entertainment--and yes, it still walks down stairs", 4.0
"If we had only known ahead of time this was going to be the main hit for Christmas we wouldn't have had Santa bring us all the other items!!!  Our daughter has played and played with this.", 1.0
"Great Item!!! Great stocking stuffer!!", 4.0
"I'm not quite old enough to have witnessed the &quot;invention&quot; of dirt, but I am old enough to say that the slinky is a cool toy.  The best part about it is that you can throw it at your friends and it comes back to you every time.  However, you have to be careful if your friends are coordinated enough then they might grab it and break it.  So you have to be quick and sneaky.  This may lead to an eventual state of friendlessness, but at least you still have your slinky intact", 5.0
"Every household needs one.  My son spent hours watching his Slinky go down our staircase. We all giggled and cheered when it made it all the way. Simple toy that needs no bells or whistles.  Just good clean fun", 4.0
"Howdy-the old technohobbiest here.  I just received in the mail Elenco MX-909 500-in-1 Electronic Project Lab...I might add ANM Enterprises shipped this ten pound box to me within a week!", 4.0
"     Anyway, I write some up dates to this short review later on as I use the kit.", 5.0
"     Meanwhile; as I look at the kit (overall) it appears to be worth every cent.  If you look at the picture at the top of the page you'll notice the shiny plastic area just above the key pad--this is not an LCD or LED display but is the battery box cover in clear plastic.  Also you'll notice two yellow apparently plastic tabs (one on the left and one on the right side) on the bottom of the console.  They stick straight up on either side of the console and lend one the idea they are 'snap lock' tabs to hold the breif case closed...they are not.  They are pull tabs to pull up two metal arms that can be attached to the upper section so the breif case will not close on your hand or open fully up--this is a good thing because some of us want our experiments on the fat and level.", 5.0
"     The breadboard is almost centered.  It is the smaller version but large enough for half a dozen small circuits at one time.  Measures 4 1/2 inches wide by 2 3/4 inches high.  The key pad also has an ENTER, STOP, RUN function keys and several others that are not numbers.", 4.0
"     Top right--of the top section--there is a black rectangle area in the photo looking like a switch or plug in area--not so it is an LED digi display box.", 5.0
"     Bottom section--top left--another shiny plastic area, this is a built in load antenna standard for most portable radioes.  All switches but one are located on the bottom section--they are all grey plastic knobs and push-and slide switches.  The numeric pads is all lite grey and spring return switches.  Your on/off switch is the one grey switch on the top section.  That black square area in the center of the top section shows where the processor chip is and can be ignored for now.", 5.0
"     I'll update this later when I know more", 5.0
"I purchased several sets of these brushes for our classroom.  The bristles are sturdy, they have not fallen out after daily & repeated use by very young children.", 5.0
"However, if you soak the entire brush in water too long the handles will split.  We sadly discovered this after I left the brushes soaking one night after school.  The next morning they were all ruined", 5.0
"I LOVE this doll and would have liked to find a larger version.  Mini isn't that great because I wanted it for toddler aged children", 5.0
"I got a better looking doll on ebay called Asian Berenguer Girl Doll that another reviewer wrote about and thank goodness they did.  Whew!!", 4.0
"My daughter loves this thing..she would sit and watch the ants for hours if we let her...We bought it to teach her a little bit about responsibility and so far its working.  I'm glad we didn't just get a regular ant farm, this one is more entertaining", 1.0
"These is a neat set-up, however, I'm still waiting for the ants to arrive. This company is about 20 miles from my house and I mailed my form about 3 weeks ago. I feel sorry for the people who live further from me. I had bought this as a Christmas item, but Christmas has now passed and still no ants", 5.0
"My son loves it. He cant wait to receive the ants we are waiting for them now .", 1.0
"First, only one ant arrived alive. We sent off for more and had a total of five living ants. These five were great for about a week then slowly starved to death because they wouldn't come out of the sand tunnels. My seven year old was so disappointed and heart broken when he realized they had all died. It was really hard to even see their tunnels because the instructions say not to move the farm for fear of collapsing the tunnels. Now, we're waiting for spring to gather our own ants. And guess what? The "sand" is starting to mold!!! A total waste of money, thanks Uncle Milton", 1.0
"I originally had bought this to keep the child I babysit involved in the creativity of this facinating world....the heck with the kid...I am so involved with this new world that I can't focus on my daily task. It's a new world everyday in the habitat, constant changes are taking place daily. These little guys are serious workers....and truly amazing to watch", 1.0
"I ordered this ant farm for my grandchildren in July.  The ants came the middle of August and they were all dead.  They replaced the ants and I put them into the farm.  The next day my Granddaughter started screaming that something bit her.  I looked and there were red ants all over the floor and table.  They had gotten out thru the air holes at the bottom.  The company replaced the farm and the same thing happened again only this time I had placed the farm on a paper on a table so when they got out they could not get out from under the farm.  I cannot get my money back because it is over the 30 day guarantee.  I didn't get the first ants until after the 30 days.  Do not buy this toy unless you want a huge disappointment and a big mess", 4.0
"My daughter recv'd this Ant farm on her 5th B-day.  We ordered the ants, unfortunately they came when we were away on vacation.  Basically all were dead.  I called the company and they resent more ants free of charge.  We got our new ants within 2 weeks.  I absolutely just love watching them (Maybe more than my kids).  I also have a 3 year old.  It is so interesting and such a learning experience.  They are so maitenance free.  I definately recommend this ant farm.. It is interesting and fun.  The ants are very social creatures.  I also purchased the whole kit.  It has many interesting things to learn in it.  A", 5.0
"I ordered this for my son's 6th birthday. I knew from experience that we had to order the ants and wait for a spell of good weather for them to arrive. Here's what worked for me: I opened the box when I got it and sent for the ants right away. (FYI: to order a tube of ants, and nothing else, it's $3.95. That includes shipping. To get the ant farm club kit, which includes ants, food, a magnifying glass, and a bunch of other fun stuff, it costs $10.95. That includes shipping as well. I decided to splurge for the club kit!) The ants arrived about a week after his birthday. He was extremely excited to get them! While the ants waited in the fridge for ten minutes, I put the sand/water combination in the ant farm. I put in a few drops of sugar water and then shook the ants in from the tube. While watching the ants grow accustomed to their new-found space, I decided I'd count. I think there were 29 ants in the tube (plus a few spare body parts---YUCK). I counted about 19 of them living. A few of them died that first day, but now I think we have about 13 live ants. That's plenty for the small little space. I think I've had more fun watching them than the kids. It's awesome to see them grab the sand and move it elsewhere to make a tunnel. They're really fun! I plan to order more ants after these ones die. (The order form was conveniently shipped with the ants.)", 5.0
"Buy with confidence! This is a GREAT gift", 1.0
"I have to say, when we first recieved this 'toy' it was exciting for my son to think of and research the ants.  We ordered the supplies and ants and then waited... they arrived a few weeks later (that was a long, "Are they here yet" experience) and the bonding began.  It was a very fun and exciting time when they arrived and started buliding their little tunnels, my son is 5 and he was enthralled with them, and to be honest I too found it fun to watch and keep track of their building progress etc.  But now for the unfortunate part of this story... my son woke today to find little black ants had invaded the dome through the air holes and wiped out our red ant colony!  It was a VERY sad expereince, I have NEVER seen my son more distraught in his life.  He sobbed and cried for the entire time Mommy was trying to get the little ones out of the enclosure.  When all was said and done there are only 3 big red ants of ours left standing... they are tending to their fallen friends and we are trying to figure out how we can keep that from happening again!  We have never had any indoor ant issues and this took us by surprise indeed.  We live in California, so if your up for the whole ant farm experience please be sure to take into consideration the 'little' ant problem.  Like I said, it was the worst day of my sons life when he found the invaders killing his 'friends'.  My heart is just broken for my son and I too sat and cried with him over the loss... I called the company and asked why the 'skate park' would be designed that other ants could get in and why it did not have a warning in the informational book about that possibility.  They said because, though they have had calls before about this type of thing happening, it does not happen too often.  I wish I had been warned, I could have at least been prepared for that possibility.  Anyway, be aware, because of the food and such for your big ants, it WILL bring little ants and the little ones CAN wipe out the big ones.  It is all very sad for this broken hearted Mom and son", 5.0
" Along with my granddaughter's Barbie collection, she has begun to collect Bratz. The Bratz dolls are definitely different than Barbie and I think it is nice for the children to play with all of them together.  After all in life people are different, just as the two doll looks are  and playing with them  gives the children  a little slice of life.", 5.0
"Rock Angelz is very well made and has a change of clothes, a guitar, mini cd, stand and other accesories.  She is very well made and appears to be durable. My granddaughter really liked her.", 5.0
"All I can say is that she rocks along with all the dolls!", 5.0
"They are all so beautiful!", 5.0
"Someone said Roxxi had a weird shaped head and she was ugly.", 5.0
"What does that mean?!", 5.0
"All of the heads are the same!", 5.0
"I think they are all so attractive!", 5.0
"Buy them all!", 1.0
"Rock Angelz forever!", 5.0
"-Courtney, Rock fan and singe", 5.0
"Cloe is the most prettiest one in the Rock Angelz collection.I have Jade too.Jade is also reeeaaaallyyyyyy cute,but Cloe is the best.", 4.0
"This collection is very well done,and the clothes of all the dolls had a hard work on them.Specially Cloe`s clothes.And their hair and CD and accesories.", 5.0
"These dolls had a very well job on them.My most favorites are Cloe,Jade(which I own)and Yasmin(which I might get)But Sasha and Roxxi are cool too.I think Roxxi had too much black eye shadows,more than the others,but her face is pretty anyway.", 5.0
"Cloe is my most favorite from this collection,and also my most favorite Cloe doll ever.", 5.0
"You must get her.It`s fun to play with and pretty.And the CD includes to songs:"So Good" and "You Think".", 5.0
"*BYE*", 5.0
"P.S.I am getting a new Bratz tomorrow,but I can`t tell who it is.The better you find out tomorrow.She`s very pretty,and it`s one of the Bratz I want for my birthday.It`s not the twiins Oriana and Valenitna", 4.0
"Well, what can i say apart from...she's brilliant! I'm gonna talk you through the Pros and Cons of this doll!", 4.0
"Pros", 4.0
"1. She has glitter lipstick and glitter eyeshadow", 5.0
"2. The detial with her clothes, and face paint is amazing!", 5.0
"3. She has the best clothes ever!", 5.0
"4. She has highlighted hair, that is brown and blonde.", 4.0
"5. She comes with tons of extras, and two great songs on a CD.", 5.0
"6.I love her stand, guitar and microphone.", 4.0
"7. You can play with her alone for ages...and she's still fun!", 5.0
"Cons:", 4.0
"1. Some people might think she looks a bit gothic...", 4.0
"2. Some of the extras are a bit cheap and snap easily.", 5.0
"3. Sometimes, she pops out of her stand.", 5.0
"Well, thats about it, but i really love this doll. She's great, and my favourite (out of 8) Cloe dolls.", 4.0
"~~~Gemma~~", 5.0
"At first when I saw the Rock Angelz Bratz I thought it was strange that Jade and Cloe had white hair. Then I saw the Rock Angelz movie and began to like the dolls. I found them on sale and bought the Cloe doll along with a Rock Angelz Sasha for my friend's birthday.", 5.0
"When I got Cloe out of the package I realized that her hair is actually very pale blond instead of white, with brown streaks. Her eyes are a brownish color. Her Rock Angelz outfit consists of a white top, a black jacket, denim pants, a red hat, and red boots. I didn't really like the boots over the pants at first but now I've gotten used to it. After the concert she can change into a black top and a red mini skirt. In my opinion both outfits look better without the hat.", 4.0
"Cloe also comes with some things. The main accessories include a shiny red doll stand, a microphone and microphone stand, a guitar, and a mini CD containing the Rock Angelz theme and Cloe's song, "You Think." I liked the second song best.", 1.0
"Smaller accessories include orange sunglasses, jewelry, lipstick, a cell phone, and a red star shaped hairbrush.", 1.0
"Parents should know that the doll is supposed to have a pierced bellybutton. There is a small jewel on her stomach. I mentioned this because some people may not want their kids to see that on a doll.", 4.0
"I rate her 5 stars for durability, but I don't play with mine, so I'm not sure how it would hold up if a child constantly played with the doll and carried it around, but the Bratz dolls I have had since I was younger have held up well, except for slightly faded clothing and chips in the lipstick.", 1.0
"I only give it 1 star for educational, because it doesn't really teach anything.", 2.0
"I give her 5 stars for fun, but I'm not really sure about that, either. I am almost a teenager and I collect Bratz dolls instead of playing with them, but my older Bratz dolls were fun when I was a child.", 5.0
"I recommend this doll, especially to older children or collectors. Younger children can't really keep track of the small accessories included.", 4.0
"I would love to say that Cloe is the Best one in the Rock Angelz collection.I must call her the pussi cat,cause she is sooo cute as Jade.I liked Cloe better.I might get Yasmin.Or maybe the whole collection.But I am thinking of just getting Yasmin.Now I have 6 Bratz dolls.Hannah.You`re right.Cloe is better than Jade,but I love them both.", 5.0
"~.*.~S@R@ SIBLINI~.*.~", 4.0
"I MUST REALLY GET AN ACCOUN", 4.0
"I want to buy the Bratz dolls. But everytime I look at reviews for them, all I see is people fighting over which doll is better and if the Midnight Dance dolls are goth. Who cares? This isn't a message board and this isn't a place to fight! You people are suppose to review these items so people like me can see if we want them or not! So please stop all this madness! Thank you!", 4.0
"Oh and if you say that you don't like Bratz and that they are "sluts" as you call them, no one is telling you to buy them. If you have nothing nice to say, then don't say anything at all. You need to come back to reality and realize that Bratz are being sold all around the world and you can't stop that! So if you don't like Bratz, then keep it to yourself. There are people that like them! Thank you", 5.0
"I brought the magnif crazy coin keeper, hoping it would help me sort out my money so I can make a deposit, (I've been collecting change since I was a kid). However, upon opening my package, I realized it was broken. I brought the proper batteries and installed them correctly, and when I turned it on, nothing happened, no coins were sorted", 4.0
"this was a gift for my granddaughter and now that she has a working bank, she is very happy with it....", 5.0
"I got it and i love it so if you get it just don't put a lot of coins into it at a time or it will jam. Other than that it is great.", 4.0
"I should have paid attention to the other reviews, but I really wanted to give my niece a bank like this so I bought it anyway. Didn't work at all. We changed batteries, jiggled everything that could be jiggled, but still no luck. Too bad, because it's a very cute bank with bright colors; perfect for a little girl. If only it actually worked. Hey, is it possible we all received and returned the same item? Maybe someone should mark the box", 4.0
"Looks fine, and the first try was okay, in fact quite fun to see the coins begin to sort.  Unfortunately it started jamming and trapping the coins in the top compartment, where they are a hassle to get out.  I checked the instructions and tried everything: one coin at a time, used a level to make sure the surface was flat, etc.  But it just won't reliably sort the coins without collecting them and jamming.  We opened it last night and it is being sent back this morning.  Perhaps you get what you pay for", 5.0
"this bank is really good because you just put your money in the top and it sorts it", 4.0
"My 3 and 5 year olds love this game and I like it too, it teaches them how to share and play together taking turns.  I like the puzzles =", 5.0
"My five year old is a regular MLP FANATIC!  This was by far her favorite christmas gift this year.  She was so surprised to open it, because she has been all over the internet and thought she knew of everything, so this was a total shock for her", 5.0
"Even though this plug-in game is aimed at young kids, my 9-year old, who is a major Pony fan, loves it. She'll play for hours if I let her, but is also happy to play just for a few minutes. In an age of ever more pricey video systems it's a pleasure to find something simple they can enjoy.", 4.0
"I gave this to my 4yr old grandaughter for Christmas.  Unfortunately, she had a short time at my house to try it out, so there was much I missed seeing. the game, however, hooked up easily and looked good.  I am sure when she's settled in back home, she will spend hours playing with this delightful video game", 4.0
"My daughter just turned 4 last month. I got it for her birthday. She absolutely loves this game. It has different levels so it will keep her entertained for quite a long time. She would play with it for hours if I let her", 5.0
"The image of these blocks on Amazon is misleading; these foam blocks are very small and could be a choking hazard for infants and toddlers. Also, the materials smell of strong (toxic?), petro-chemicals. We are disappointed with this purchase and plan on returning or discarding the blocks", 4.0
"I bought these blocks for my 21-month-old niece for Christmas and they are just great.  They are soft so if your child likes to throw things no one gets hurt!  I am thinking of purchasing them for my son who is 20 months old and of course loves throwing!", 5.0
"Our son got this for his 1st birthday.  He was immediately interested in playing with these and chewing on them.  He loves to take them out of the bag they came in and put them back in again.  They stack well as the foam sticks together a little bit so they don't slide.  Our son chews on them all the time and he has left a lot of tooth-marks, but that doesn't detract from the fun.  The bag they come in has holes to reduce suffocation risk.  I will buy a new set for our next child.  This is a great first set of blocks for a toddler", 4.0
"The perfect multi-sensory toy.  I have given it to numerous friends as shower gifts and it always turns out to be a favorite of the baby's.", 5.0
"I love amazon, and hate to down it....BUT, I found this same toy at a local party/toy store for only $13. Shop around a little before getting this. Other than that, I'm going to give this to my friend for her baby shower, but it looks very entertaining and is plushy-soft", 5.0
"My daughter is 3 months old and she adores Celeste.  She talks to it, tries to grab the star. She has so much fun. This is just a wonderful toy.  I bought this when she was a month old but now she has taken more of liking to it. This is a wonderfully made toy and very colorful.  A definite plus", 2.0
"THIS WAS MY BABY GIRL'S FAVORITE TOY SINCE SHE WAS ABLE TO OBSERVE AND TOUCH THINGS.. AMONG ALL THE OTHERS I BOUGHT SHE WOULD ALWAYS PICK THIS ONE, SINCE IT HAS SO MANY COLORS AND FEATURES... I URGE ALL MOMS TO HAVE THIS TOY FOR THEIR BABY, IT IS VERY HANDY FOR WHENEVER THE BABY NEEDS ATTENTION.", 5.0
"MA GRANATA", 5.0
"DOMINICAN REPUBLI", 5.0
"I bought this after reading the reviews.  We keep it in the car as the special car toy.  My daughter loves playing with it.  The fact the she can make it make noise delights her", 5.0
"We received this toy before our daughter was born and I had hung it up just above her changing table for her to look at.  Once she could see it, it provided endless entertainment while I changed her.  Once she was able to pull it down, she took it with her everywhere.  She love the rattle in the butterfly "leg" and the squeeker in the ladybug "leg."  She is now a year old and still loves this toy.  I attach it to her stroller with the leg containing a yellow triangle and it keeps her quiet longer than any other toy and she can't throw it over board as it is attached to her stroller", 5.0
"My son is now 7 months and ever since he received the toy it has been a favorite. It clips conveniently onto his stroller so it is a great one to take for outings. It has a rattle, a squeaker, and different textures and bright colors. This would make a great baby shower gift", 5.0
"This toy was given to my son at his baptism.  At first he only liked the 'moon' side but now he smiles and grabs at the 'sun' side and loves to chew on it.  It's stimulating enough for a preemie without being too flashy or overwhelming with noises. The rattle and squeaker are very gentle noises and they won't get on your nerves like some loud toys would.  The colors are vibrant and beautiful and the material is is wonderful.  It is so easy to wash which is great because my son would cry if he had to wait to play with Celeste! I recommend this toy for any mother and especially to mothers of preemies.  This toy is worth it", 1.0
"Our baby LOOOOVES this toy!  It's the first toy he paid attention to and he takes it everywhere with him.  He is 3 months old now and it's the only one he gets excited about.", 2.0
"He is beginning to hug his stuffed animals and is interested in some rattles but this is by far the one he responds to the most.", 5.0
"It makes him happy! He pulls the arms and smiles at the sun face and even pulls the sun to his mouth to try to eat it.", 4.0
"HE LOVES IT", 5.0
"When registering last spring / summer I thought this toy was simply cute and the reviews were good, so I registered for it. Thank goodness I did! This has been our son's favorite toy since day 1. He is now 10 months old and still loves to play with it. Highly recommended! I just bought "Spike the Dinosaur" as a "present" to open on his first airplane trip - hope he likes this one as much", 5.0
"Our dvd starts, and explains all of the rules, lets you choose a game and see the categories, but does not let you choose a category. Once we press enter to begin, it goes straight to the very first start up screen.", 4.0
"This was a very fun game.  I enjoy playing it with my family and friends.  I saw that people said it's bad but they are really wrong.  It's definitely worth buying.  It's just like the show and it keeps score and everything", 4.0
"I purchased this item and it did not work in two 2005 dvd players. It freezes everytime after the first category. It only worked on the computer. I emailed the company (MGA) and they knew about it. They told me, "yes", that this dvd does not work properly in some dvd players. Unfortunately, this information is only listed in the instruction manual. If you want to play this on your television, I would be very hesistant to purchase it. Maybe it will work in 2006 dvd players, but my two 2005 dvd players, it did not work properly. [...", 5.0
"This game is terrible.  It's hardly like the TV show and the corny space-age graphics are just not necessary.  Don't bother buying this version, it's just not worth it", 5.0
"I've played this game several times with my friends and family... It's a hit every time.  The scoring is kept on the TV and while it takes a turn to get used it, but after that it's pretty easy to do.  Basically, when someone gets a question right, you hit the up arrow.  It's very cool.", 5.0
"While the show set doesn't look like the original orange shag carpet 70s set, the one in this game is kinda cool and modern.  There's no host, which is nice because my family usually makes fun of hosts in game shows anyway.  This version seems to be "cool enough" for everyone.", 4.0
"Basically, if you're looking for an exact copy of the original show, this isn't for you.  If you're looking for a fun, family-friendly game with modern music and graphics, this will do the trick.  We even played it in the back of a car during a road trip.  At $20, it's a good value", 5.0
"The tractor was a great gift, my son loved the tracto", 5.0
"Cute toy. Not much to it except that it tips and toots. Other then that its just a tractor, which is fun for the kids", 5.0
"I bought one for each of my 2 boys ages 5 and 2 yrs. They loved how the tractors moo'ed, tipped over and closed their eyes to "go to sleep". I thought they were very cute but the boys didn't play with the tractors for long. A couple of weeks at best. I really expected more play with the tractors since they play with the rest of the CARS movie stuff a lot", 4.0
"This item is great.  Not only does my grandson love it the adults think it is  the funniest thing ever.  I recommend this for those who love Cars, the Movie Cars, as my grandson calls it", 5.0
"i got it for our 4 year old grandson and he played with it the whole weekend we were visiting. he even put it to bed at night. its worth the money. i whish they make frank to go with it", 4.0
"this is so funny - we gave it as a gift and played with it for days before we gave it away.  the birthday boy loved it, too and they laughed over and over at the farts!  good gift for a cars fan or young kids who are entertained by bodily noises.  :", 5.0
"Wish I had found this sooner. Price was wonderful, reasonable and tractor was worth every penny. My son races to find it when we put the movie in to watch. Then when the tipping tractors part comes on he tips his tractor with Mater and Lighting Mcqueen. The sound is very realistic. The deep belly laughs from him are priceless", 5.0
"Both my two year old and my four year old LOVE this little toy!  They have a great time just laughing and watching the tractors wake-up and then tip over.  The best part aabout this toy is that it is easy to operate and reasonably priced.  In fact, my kids love this so much, I ended up buying another one so they could each have their own!  A great value", 5.0
"This is a well built toy that my son loves to play with.  I love that underneath has pictures of words associated with the letter.  And the pegs make it perfect for my 21 month old's little fingers to gra", 5.0
"These are the coolest ducks ever. My friend (duck freak lol) absolutely loves hers that I got her. They're just great", 5.0
"My two favorite things combined: pirates and rubber ducks. Probably my all time favorite duckie, and I have a very large collection. :", 5.0
"I must admit I have a soft spot for the rubber duckie. My myspace page says it all. When I was a child all there was was the classic yellow rubber duckie that Ernie would occasionally break out in a song on Sesame Street. Now rubber duckies comes in all shapes and sizes. My personal favorite line of rubber duckies are the devil ducks. Not only do they come in yellow but blue, black, red, green, spotted, camo colours, zebra stripes, and my personal favorite...dressed up as a pirate. I can't really say if there is any educational value to the rubber duck but it sure beats those obnoxiously annoying toys the Elmo dolls and Furbys. Pirate Devil Duckie is the best because it represents the rebel that I am. Gotta love that eyepatch he wears.", 5.0
"I'm an avid Rubik's cube player of the 3x3 model and have owned my cube for nearly two decades. Since I can solve it in under 2 minutes, I decided to invest in the 5x5 for a bigger challenge.", 5.0
"Unlike its robust sister (my 3x3 cube is well lubed with vaseline, and only has one re-glued sticker), the 5x5 proved fragile within the first two days. I used a careful touch, since I'm very familiar with how untried cubes explode. Nevertheless, many stickers started to peel on the first day, and two of the center squares have completely falling off and look to be non-reparable.", 4.0
"I lubed my 5x5 before using it, though it's more difficult because the squares are smaller and turns tighter. I was also careful to turn rows precisely to avoid misalignment and subsequent explosion. Even so, it broke on me. It's a shame, because I was really getting into the challenge of it. Now, it just sits like a broken toy on my desk.", 5.0
"For a $30 or so product, I find this inexcusable. Rubik's is supposed to have a strong brand name and I have been very happy with my 3x3 cube. I'll never invest in another Rubik's product", 4.0
"I bought this 5x5 for my fiance. He was a bit frustrated since he wanted 3x3. Well you will definately find 5x5 more difficult and I guess my fiance didn't like such a challenge. However it's a good challenge and he'll try to solve it after I get a 3x3 one first. :) He found 5x5 very fragile. You just have to get used to it. Otherwise, it's a nice thing to have and entertain your guests. :)", 4.0
"Just to add to what others have said--the orange and green stickers are falling off my cube after about 3 days of use.  When the color peels off, it leaves a white box underneath, which I guess I'll color in with a permanent marker or something.", 2.0
"No regrets on the purchase, but the shoddy construction is annoying", 5.0
"great product. fun and educational, but this rubik's cube is very fragile and is hard to turn, so be careful. even if you only know how to do the original rubik's cube, this is not extremely difficult", 4.0
"I was excited to get this for my 3-year-old son for Xmas 2005, as he was just starting to get excited about writing and drawing. However, the problems were numerous:", 5.0
"--the light was way too dim-we couldn't see the image well enough to trace the pictures", 2.0
"--the markers were dry & useless from day 1", 4.0
"--It didn't stay shut. Whenever I tried to pick it up and move it, the latch came undone, and everything exploded out into a big mess in the middle of his floor.", 4.0
"This review is written in the past tense, as we no longer store this useless thing in our house", 4.0
"My 3 year old daughter is a huge fan of Paz and she really likes to draw, so I figured this was a no brainer.  She does enjoy using it, but there are some drawbacks.  The light from the projector is not very bright.  If you try to use regular printer paper it is hard to see the object being illuminated.  I haven't tried it yet, but I'm hoping tracing paper will work better.  The other major drawback is that it collapses easily.  In order to use it, you must lean the two sections together.  Unfortunately they don't lock into each other, they just sort of balance on each other.  So if you try to move it or push on it a little too hard it will collapse.  Even so, she loves to draw with the markers, calling herself "the artist".  The chalkboard side is a hit too.  Overall I would suggest this toy", 4.0
"We bought this from Amazon for a Christmas gift for our 3 1/2 year old grandson. He had had a similar indoor-tent type toy (not Thomas), but it had broken. Charlie is a big fan of Thomas the Tank, so that played a part, but he played with little else the whole weekend. The toy unfolded rapidly (made Daddy jump) and went together easily. It is large enough for the little guy and his daddy to be in at the same time (Daddy carefully). Once Daddy and Grandpa read the directions, the thing folded easily and neatly back into the shopping-bag size carrier. Mom said it was a much better toy than the old one.", 2.0
"My son absolutely loves this costume set.  He wears the bandana/hair all the time and frequently checks the compass.  The compass pointers spin in a circle when you press a button on the side, so it looks like the irregular patterns on the movie.", 5.0
"He looks and feels like he's Jack Sparrow - maybe too much.  He's started to take on the facial gestures and finger movements like Johnny Depp.  I wish Johnny Depp cleaned his room and ate big meals in the movie", 4.0
"This set is holding up fabulously with my kids.  They are 3, 5, and 7 and rough on toys, especially dress up and battle type toys.  The construction of everything is great.  The added stickers and tattoos have been a big hit and overall I can't think of one single flaw or negative comment to make on this set.  I waited and bought it on sale, but having seen it now, would gladly pay full price for it", 5.0
"I bought this for my 5 year-old nephew.  He loved last years Pirates of the Carribean and couldn't wait to see Dead man's chest.  He put on the gear immediately and had great fun with the accessories", 5.0
"We love to have friends over for game night, and this has become one of our favorites.  It is laugh out loud fun", 5.0
"I love playing Outburst, and it might possibly be my favorite.  This game is really neat and interactive, with a competitive edge. It is mind stimulating for all ages; although the older you are, the more of an advantage you have. I would recomend this game to ANYONE", 5.0
"Hours of entertainment.  You will enjoy this Outburst with new questions and a slight twist", 4.0
"Very fun to play.  Had 6 people playing at once and it worked really well.  Game has a nice plastic indicator for keeping track of the answers.  Received the game quickly after ordering it", 5.0
"Our family has every Outburst made.  This is updated and just as much fun.  If your family or friends love to play games, this is it", 4.0
"Our family had the older version of Outburst and as much as we liked that version, we like this new version even better.  It is a great family game and very easy to learn and play!", 5.0
"This is a fun book, but my 1st grader felt it was way too easy for kindergarteners and 1st graders, and would be better suited for pre-school aged kids.", 5.0
"I have the same problem as the others. It only works upside down. It only works outside. It chugs about inside. It works great in the Disney store. When you get it home. It is a huge dissapointment", 4.0
"DO NOT BUY THIS -- giving it 1 star is generous.  i would really rate this about one-third of a star.  it was an absolute waste of money.   the silly thing never worked -- just jerked about a little bit.  plus, it took quite a long time getting it out of it's box (all those stupid tie things to keep a plastic toy tied to a cardboard box), which of course resulted in destroying the packaging and so we couldn't take it back.  what a disapppointment from Disney -- this really soured us.  DO NOT BUY THIS!!!", 4.0
"Same problem as everyone else.. The car can not "see" the IR light and does not work..", 4.0
"My son played with one in the Disney Store it worked great and he loved it this was to be ih "Big christmas gift" needless to say it is a big piece of junk...", 4.0
"I have the same issues everyone else is having...except that ours seems to work pretty well outside (as long as you stay relatively close to the car).  However, as soon as I step inside our house, nothing.  Not sure if it is just a bunch of interference from satellite receivers, etc.  But we will be taking this back", 4.0
"First of all, this product does not work at all -- if you read the other reviews, you'll see that it quite simply stutters and seems to run  when held upside down.  It is supposed to chase an infrared beam.  So there is absolutely no excuse for Disney to sell this.  I am shocked and appalled that  they have done so, in my case it made for an exceedingly upset three-year-old this Christmas.  I suggest bootlegging as much copyrighted Disney material as possible to make up for this outrage.  I am kidding, but Disney should clean up their act", 5.0
"My 2 year old absolutely loves this desk!  As a matter of fact, so does his 11 month old brother.  We'll probably be buying a second one for him in the next few months!  It arrived in perfect condition and was fairly simple to assemble.  Both of my sons love to sit at this desk to play or eat snacks and they also love hiding things in the drawer under the seat.", 5.0
"Any little girl that's into princesses and fairytales would love this!  It comes with the princess, a tiara for your child to wear, and a storybook starring the princess you've recieved!  It's an awesome gift and/or collector's item", 5.0
"I purchased the Alex Watch for my 8 year old daughter as a gift from Santa.  The watch face has a small round purple piece that sits in the center of the wathch face where the small and long hands are positioned.  This piece came loose and is floating around the watch and jamming the hands.  So, the watch hands cannot move forward.  Frustrating and useless, since I cannot return it", 5.0
"Second hand fell off before my daughter ever got to wear it.  It's cute, but no good if it doesn't work", 5.0
"I bought this desk for my daughter's fifth birthday. Her Christmas toys are already forgotten, but this art desk is used every day. The desk and chair are designed to be compact, and they fit easily in a bedroom or family room. It is more visually appealing than the art desks that are bulky and made of plastic. The top of the desk is very spacious and provides plenty of elbow room. (Two children can even use it at the same time.) I debated buying an easel, but this desk can be adjusted into different positions to resemble an easel, and the surface of the table becomes a chalkboard. If you lay the desk flat, you also have an ideal surface for working puzzles or working a child's laptop computer. Assembly is fairly easy. Just be sure to use a drill, instead of the provided wrench to cut your time in half. If you are frustrated at spending money on toys that never get played with...this is an awesome purchase!!!!", 1.0
"CARS was one of my favorite movies of 2006.  There were a lot of characters from the film that I liked and related to, but the star of the film was the main racer himself, Lightning McQueen.  This little car is a spitting image of McQueen.  The car itself is slightly bigger than a Hot Wheels and seems to be made of a lightly stronger alloy than a Hot Wheels as well, but it is about the same size in length.  The wheels are also a little stronger than a Hot Wheels.  I bought one of these for myself as a display for the office, but I know several preschool children who play with some of these little Lightnings and they love them.  A good toy for any fan of CARS", 5.0
"My 2 year old boy just loved the movie Cars, and he also loves Hot Wheels, and when I saw these I knew he had to have them!!", 5.0
"They're not actually hot wheels, but about the same size.", 1.0
"He adores them, and plays with them every day.  I would love to get him all of the cars in the set.", 5.0
"He is also very rough with his toys, and they are in great shape.", 4.0
"Just in case you wonder if it's another collection, it's the same metal cars as in the "normal" or regular edition. It's only from another country or provider (I guess). But they have the brilliant idea to develop more cars from the movie. Well, not more cars but more variant models. For example, they have this version of McQueen (as it looks in the last part of the movie). They have the first Mater (not the re-colored one from the bowling game) with the complete nose (you get that), Dirt mcqueen (like the one from one track game), Hudson hornet! yellow ramone.", 5.0
"I has uploaded the back cover of the box just for your entertainment. It has the whole catalog!", 5.0
"In Peru it costed me $9 each but they are so hard to get. As it happened here they just disappeared from the regular stores.", 5.0
"my son LOVES this game.  the cupcakes are farely easy to pull out of the cupcake holder. . .the tops of the cupcakes also have the same shape as the bottom.", 5.0
"this has been very instrumental in helping him learn his shape", 5.0
"This is an excellent toy for both pretend playing and shape matching. All parts are made of a heavy-duty soft rubber. Vibrant colors. Same can be said of the stacking ice cream cone sister product made by the same company.  It fits perfectly into the oven of the Step2 Lifestyle Kitchen. My two year old daughter and 4 y.o. son both love playing with this.", 1.0
"I bought this set for my duaghter when she turned 2, and it was an immediate hit.  She is 4 1/2 now, and still loves it.  My little boy, who is 22 months old, loves it even more, and plays with it every day.  This my be the best value toy I've ever purchased", 5.0
"This is a great high quality play food product, that doubles as a learning tool for kids. My kids love it and I love that the quality of the item is better than that of many of the brands out there that sell play food.", 4.0
"Amazon delivery was on time with no problems. I would definetly buy from Amazon.com again. The Legos set is as advertised and my son and I are having fun putting it together.", 5.0
"I got this for my grandson to play with when he is here, but it seems my son-in-law likes it even more! I loved Mater from the movie so love to watch this car run around, and run around it does. Not too fast on thicker shag carpet, but lower carpets and wood floors are great!", 4.0
"Very happy with Supper Tow Mater.  I received the package very fast and in the timeframe stated", 4.0
"I got this for my grandson(4 yrs) because he loves Tow Mater and his brother got Mc Queen for his 7th birthday. They are having a great time. This is a big remote control truck for a really GREAT price. It was a hard to find item at Christmas in the stores they sold out so fast...(and for much higher prices)", 5.0
"My son really enjoys his Mater R/C Towtruck.  It even pulls his Lightning Car around the house.  My only complaint is that Mater is too fast, a little slower or lower geared Mater might be better for indoor use", 4.0
"Santa bought this for my six year old for Christmas.  It can be setup in minutes, and it rides SO FAST!  My 9 and 10 year olds love it too.", 5.0
"It was much better than I expected, easy to use, and fun for outside use too.   I would recommend this toy for "Cars" fans of all ages.", 5.0
"This was the biggest hit for my two grandsons, 5 & 7", 5.0
"I purchased this for my 6yr old son and he loves it. It's controlls are easy to use and it has alot of power.You can accually tow things with it. My son ties the dogs toy to it and he chases it all over, it's hallarious! It's a great toy and very entertaining", 5.0
"My son loves this toy. It runs fine. batteries last a while. only one problem...the r/c for this car is the same frequency as another r/c car we bought our son and so we have to make sure the other car is turned off or else both cars run with the same remote", 5.0
"This Mater RC is awesome.  It goes so fast and backs up.  The only problem is it goes so fast my son has a hard time controlling it and when it hits things it actually dents them!!  So we made it an outside or garage toy and it works awesome on the grass", 5.0
"My 5 year old son has throughly enjoyed this recent addition to his Remote Control collection - it's extremely fast and easy to control.  Actually b/c it is so fast and takes a moment to stop we've had to ban from certain areas of the house.  I wish I had gotten one for my daughter as she too loves Mater and when we're racing w/the other RC cars, we can't catch Mater!  The tow line is OK, needs to be a little sturdier and I wish you could control it by RC, it's manual and the hook, a little flimsy, but otherwise, I would purchase this for any CARS fan or children who like RC vechiles.", 5.0
"I recently gave this doll to my daughter on her 3rd birthday.  She fell in love with it.  It is light-weight and easier to carry than the Talking Baby Chou Chou.  When a button, is pressed on her back she begins to cry and her cheeks begin to glow, at that time your child gets to take the baby's temperature and give it medicine.  The cry sounds very realistic, yet is quiet enough not to be annoying.  Once the baby has been taken care of she will giggle.  Every time the baby giggles my daughter gets a big smile on her face.  She also likes the "boo-boo" on her arm.  The doll comes with 3 band-aids; however, she usually needs help with them.  Overall a good investment for the price", 4.0
"I play with this toy every day and am 10 I know i am older then it says", 4.0
"but its the best.I think you should buy it", 5.0
"I thought it was really fun if you want to make a baby better. It really", 5.0
"sounded like a baby. I think you should buy it at Wal-Mart.you should get it", 2.0
"My son loves this dvd story.  I think any of the read with me products was a winner for a parent or a child that loves story time or reading time.    I can hardly believe that they slashed the prices or it didn't really sell as much.  I think society today should buy this type of educational item more than video games for the kids...my son Cameron really loves this, and as a parent, this is a great concept. By all means you should own this item.", 5.0
"My daughter got the entire system for her third birthday.  She LOVES Corduroy and watches it constantly.  It has some fun story games to play as well.  I highly recommend it", 5.0
"Gave this as a "gag" gift to my engineer Father In Law who believes in the "power of the chicken" to help him ward off Murphy's Law.  A big hit", 5.0
"A great toy gift for a kid or gag gift for the office party.  I ordered six before they were all sold out", 4.0
"My daughter recieved this as a Christmas gift, and just loved it. I decided to get it for my neice as a birthday present and she loved it just as much as my daughter. It was perfect for her because she says she wants to be a school teacher. She plays with it all the time. It comes with so many neat things, and it is really nice that it has a dry erase board. I would definately recommend the Pretend and Play School Set", 4.0
"I am a teacher, so my little girl likes to play teacher too.  This is a wonderful product to allow her to do this at home.  I wish I has the pointing finger in my classroom", 4.0
"I bought this item for my neice. She is homeschooled and wanted this item to teach her dolls. She loves it and I recommend this item for any young girl who loves to emulate teachers", 5.0
"I bought this for my 8 year old niece who loves playing school. On Christmas, it was the only gift she seemed really excited about! As other reviewers have said, it should include a dry erase marker for the white board, but that is my only complaint. The age range should also be marked for older kids. It is a very nice set", 4.0
"I bought this for my 5 yr old and she loves it, she plays by herself or with others. She even tries to teach my 2 two year old!", 4.0
"It is a great toy...but not for the age recommendation of 4-5.  I purchased it and will have to hold onto it for a few years before I give it to my daughter.  A six year old or up will love it", 5.0
"My 9 year old daughter has had this toy for 2 years and she still plays with it on a regular basis.  She and her friends play school with each other or even with their animals.  They also sell a refill kit for when you run out of the stickers and paper.  A really great value for kids who love to pretend", 4.0
"I didn't expect much more than a day or two of hard play out of this cheapie and that's about what you can expect from it. The stroller is annoying to snap together and it doesn't hold up to an active toddler. I got is on clearace for really cheap, so I got what I wanted from it -- a day's peace. But for a longer lasting doll pram -- look elsewhere.", 5.0
"I purchased this set for my 18 mo. old twins (along the the Little Mommy highchair).  The handle of the stroller came apart every time my daughters tried to push it.  The bassinet part of it did not stay in the stroller properly and the babies kept falling out.  After one hour of frustration from toddlers, I put it back in the box and brought it back.  Don't waste your money.  The highchair is very cute and sturdy", 5.0
"The fact that almost all the reviews are children should tell parents one thing when considering this for their child...This is FUN and it is what YOUR children want. Imagine a great "toy" that is also an "educational tool". Parents and children are BOTH happy with this purchase. My child will be starting Spanish in the fall.....this will be a MUST in our household.", 5.0
"Actually I want a Fly too!!!! :-)", 5.0
"P.S.  A great tool for the homeschooling family!!", 5.0
" This is so cool :). I haven't got this yet but I do have a FLY pen. I think FLY should make other cartridges like the spanish translator, with other languages because when I go to 6th grade I don't really want to learn spanish. Some idea languages: French, Japanise, and keep the spanish comin'. Go LeapFrog!", 5.0
"THis review is by an 11 year girl.", 4.0
"This item made me learn Spanish so easily!Now I can speak Spanish to my mom and other Spanish people", 5.0
"While this TV game has cartoon-like graphics,it is a lot better than the DVD game. It is a lot faster and the cases are all lined up where you can see which ones you have and haven't opened. You can also start a career mode where you can keep track of how much money you have won total. It also has a bonus round at the end of the game where you can win more money,even as much as $1,000,000. The game also features the voice of Howie Mandel and all of the sounds and music from the show. This is definitely worth the money, unlike the incredibly slow DVD game. The only bad thing about the game is that Howie repeats the same thing several times in one game and it starts to get old. But considering how small the controller/console/game is,I'm just glad it can have voicework and music in it. Definitely recommended to anyone who loves the show", 4.0
"My son (6 yrs old)loves these drum sticks.  I love them because they have an on off switch.  Great value for your dollar.  They are noisey, but they are drum sticks.  No wires attaching the sticks.  They use batteries.  They seem very durable.  They also have a button to change the sound ex: cymbals and a button to hear a beat while you play.", 5.0
"The Rhythm sticks were fun for about 10 minutes.  It is the middle of January and they have not been touched since Christmas Day.  My children are 8 and 5.", 5.0
"Grand daughter wanted drums....she is starting with these", 5.0
"comparable to a keyboard", 5.0
"My husband and I had gotten these for our 5 yr. old daughter who desperately wanted a drum set. She loved them! The only thing she had a little difficulty with was holding the upper or lower buttons to change the drum sounds while drumming at the same time. Our 2 yr. old loved them as well.", 1.0
"The rock beat rhythm sticks seem to be just as fun as anticipated. They work and my children seem to enjoy them.", 5.0
"Unfortunately, this company, Music For Little People does not provide good customer service. They sent the incorrect item first. Then when they were contacted they wouldn't ship out the correct item until they got the first item back. In the mean time the birthday party I ordered these toys for has come and gone. I ordered these over four weeks ago and just recieved them.", 5.0
"If you want a fun toy these might be a treat.", 1.0
"The Shrek 2 was an excellent addition to our Library. For Boy's it's great as well as girl", 4.0
"I purchased this cartridge for the Leap Pad and gave it to my son age 3 1/2 and he loves this book!  He plays with the Shrek 2 book for an hour at a time, that is the first Leap pad book he has ever took that much interest in before.  All the voices are exactly the same as the movie its a must have if your little one likes Shrek 2.", 4.0
"A", 5.0
"The Pretty Pretty Princess Cinderella Edition game is one of our five year old daughter's favorite games.", 5.0
"We had fun gluing on the stickers and trying to match our jewelry set. Having to wear the jewelry adds to the fun.", 5.0
"It's an easy game to learn and play. Her grandmother enjoyed playing this game and even glued sparkling", 5.0
"craft pieces on the bottom of the jewelry box, much to the delight of our little Princess.", 2.0
"The Pretty Pretty Princess Game is simply a sweet little girl's game, one all three generations had fun playing.", 4.0
"Our 5 year old daughter loves it. Very easy and fun to play. Great Buy", 4.0
"   I bought this game for my 7 year old daughters birthday and she is still playing with it months later.  Her friends come over and they dress up with all the jewlery and play the game together.  It's easy enough that adults don't always have to play.  Sometimes a nice break, but eventually we get to enjoy dressing up dad and brother during family night in all the jewelry", 5.0
"My 8 yo DD likes this game. My 2.5 yo DD likes this game. Easy to play and each game doesn't take too long  to play/finish. Great value game for young girls.", 5.0
"Drawback: only four players: would be a fun birthday game if accomodated more player", 2.0
"I gave this game to my 5 1/2 year old niece for Christmas and it was a smash hit!  The rules were easy for her to understand, the board was easy for her to read, and she loved putting on all the jewelry and crown as she won them. The game moves quickly and Mom and the aunts were able to play along with her while still holding conversations and her 12 year old brother even played a few rounds (he did refuse to wear the jewels, however)!  The great thing was that she could even play it by herself when no one else felt like playing.  I have two criticisms: (1) the stickers were hard to put on the box and the crown and (2) the pink colored ring is more red than pink, and the purple ring is so dark it looks like the black one, which is the "old maid" in the game that a player does not want.  Otherwise, this is a great game for a little girly-girl that loves frou-frou that teaches working towards a goal in a fun way.", 5.0
"We received this game as a gift and I was not very happy about it as we try to limit focus on vanity with our young daughters.  Having said that, the game gets a lot of playing time.  The box says ages 5 and up, however much younger children can play, bottoming out at 3 because of choking hazared sized pieces.  We change the rules so that you can choose which direction to go so that the game is a bit more than a random spinner game. (adds a tiny bit of strategy)  The kids off and on refuse to wear the earrings because they are the pinch type (of course) and then just lay them in front of them.  We used sharpies to color in the numbers on the spinner because they were hard to see as they are gray on gray", 5.0
"Great game, at least that was the 'review' I got! Bought this as a gift for a three-year-old (who I knew would be playing this with her five-year-old sister). Both are 'way in to the Princess thing. I was told it was a big hit", 5.0
"This is such a cute picnic table for a boy or girl -you can't beat the price too! The table top swivels so that it becomes an art desk which is great for the artist in the family -if you have one, which we do! Not extremely easy to put together, but it doesn't take a genius or a mechanic, either. Also, don't plan on seating four little ones, only two, but for us, that's great!", 1.0
"This table is great. The assembly was pretty easy. It does require you to drill the nails into the plastic which was a little strange but not hard to do. The table can adjust to have an angle for kids to draw more easily but so far I have never put it on that setting for him (he's a little over 2 years old) because it's not as easy as they make it seem. And when my son wants to draw, there's just no time to mess with the setting. One more thing I want to mention is that we have the table on wood floor, and the bottom is slippery on the wood floor so it slides all over the place. So I had to put some non-skid padding on the feet to make the table stay in place", 5.0
"I just got the order yesterday, the table is smaller than it looks in the picture. I wish the table is rounder or bigger", 2.0
"I ordered this for our sons for Christmas, to use next year.  I couldn't resist (since our butterfly bushes are in full-bloom) & gave it to them when the box came today.  It's so neat to watch them watch the butterflies have din-din...they're totally amazed with it!  We've not had too many customers yet, but they've enjoyed the few that have come!  Neat-o", 5.0
"I use this game in the classroom as a math support teacher and at home with my kids.  All of the kids love it and it moves at a good pace.  I appreciate how the game doesn't just let the kids always decide what combination of coins they'll use to represent a certain value.  When they spin the spinner, it will sometimes land on no dimes or no nickels, and so on.  So they need to figure out how to make a certain amount without those coins", 5.0
"We got this game when my daughter was in first grade.  She was having some trouble with her homework because the worksheets made it difficult for her to tell the difference between some of the coins. She was getting frustrated and kept saying, "I don't get it."", 4.0
"This game helped her get more comfortable with money, the value of money, and counting money.", 1.0
"Money Bags is one of the best games that I have played besides Crainium Cadoo! You get to count up money and it is alot of fun!! I greatly reccomend this game as a really good game for ages 7-10.", 5.0
"I *HEART* THIS GAME! BUY IT!!", 5.0
"We bought a pair of these handy easel paper pads and pull them out on rainy or snowy days.   The kids love using markers, crayons, foam stickers, glitter glue, whatever they get their hands on, and with the large 17x20 inch working space they can create their masterpieces for hours.   At this great price you can afford to buy one for each kid and everyone is happy!   We didn't bother buying the easel stand since our kids like spreading out on floor space.   The stand up easel is better used when painting", 5.0
"My kids and their friends all adore this trampoline.  It is great indoors for rainy days or evenings too.  Santa brought it for Christmas this year and Mom and Dad put it together.  It was a chalenging job but we did it together in about 45 min.  I wouldn't want to do it myself because it is difficult to attach the elastic cord.  Like the other reviews, you do have to make minor adjustment here and there but it's no biggie.", 4.0
"Our complaint is that the whole thing just broke!  A friend was jumping on it who weighs 70lbs. and the elastic cord pulled apart and broke in the middle of her jump.", 4.0
"We are looking for the contact info for the company and hoping that they will replace the cord and maybe the mesh that the kids jump on.  The riveted holes may be too sharp and caused the elastic cord to break?", 5.0
"I gave this product a 4 becasue over-all it is great and the kids love it.", 5.0
"I hope the Co. will replace the parts!", 5.0
"A Mom of a 3yr & 5 yr old.", 5.0
"I got this for my son's 2nd birthday this week. I put it together alone in just a couple hours, PHEW! My husband is deployed, so I have had to do countless 2+ person jobs myself. I give it five stars based on my trust in the other reviews, plus...", 5.0
"My son is big for his age (40lbs), so it seems that the frame is a bit loose. I hope all it will take is a little re-tighten after he goes to bed. But just like all the other reviews: my child saw it, got on it and hasn't stopped, but to get some water, food or fresh didee. He just loves it! Then so must I.", 5.0
"Our 2 and 1/2 year old loves this product! My only gripes so far is that the jump sensor (for the interactive games)requires constant readjustment, it takes up a lot of space (not foldable), and the assembly instructions are horrible (took two people an hour to assemble). The product itself is sturdy and was the most-used x-mas gift my son received this year", 1.0
"both of my girls love this (age 2 and 4). i am getting tired of the music but they love it! they spend lots of time jumping on this - only a few mishaps when they jump too out of control. the handle is great for balance. when this arrived and i put it together it was larger than i expected. i was able to put it together by myself. great product for kids", 4.0
"I bought this for my 3 year old daughter after reading the other reviews. Intially I was put off by the decorations & music, but my daughter and her friends love them. They give the toy great staying power. She still uses it, esp. on rainy days. It's tricky to assemble, but worth it", 4.0
"My kids (7 and 2 ) received this for Christmas, and couldn't wait for us to put it together.  It took 3 adults to do the job right.  I love the fact that it's one "bungee" and not springs.  I would like to hear from anyone who has this as an outside toy (how it holds up to any weather).  I don't like the assembely instructions (very vague), and I don't like the volume....but my kids can't get enough.  Let's see if it will stand the test of time", 4.0
"We also love this game.  We play it all the time", 1.0
"The "Shout About" line of DVD games are a great way of getting people together.", 5.0
"We play teams (at least 3-5 people on each) and it is always a noisy and fun crowd.", 4.0
"This is a different format than other Shout about games we have played in the past.  It was even better than before!  We played on teams and enjoyed 2 full games without stopping.  It brought back lots of memories of shows we all loved in the past", 4.0
"shout about tv. this game is awesome. all of them are. only wish there were more games per dvd, because once you've played all 3 times, that's it you can't play again", 5.0
"My husband and I are always looking for good games we can play (just the two of us) on the weekends. This is funny--results in lots of laughs (especially when played at cocktail hour)", 5.0
"I played this game with about 20 adults at a 40th birthday party. We all had a great time. We divided into two groups: men vs women. A great ice breaker for people who don't know each other very well. We all had something to talk about afterwards AND was very informed. I bought the rest of the Shout About games", 5.0
"i bought this from toys r us and i must say i was very happy with it compared to some other similar toys that were there. this was bought for my sons 3rd b-day, this was his favorite present and he had no trouble learning how to play with the toy after i showed him how it worked. i wish they had different versions of this truck maybe a gas truck and an actual closed end trailer to store the cars! well any how after i read these posts about it being a bad toy i had to defend it because my son loves it like a stuffed animal!", 1.0
"I agree with the previous posters, this has to be one of the worst designed toys from Hot Wheels yet!  My son just received this for his 4th birthday and every button or feature on it has frustrated him (he's screaming at it as I'm writing this!).  He was so excited when he got it, as he lives for anything Hot Wheels.  He is determined to get everything to work on the truck but I can tell that he is going to get so frustrated with it that he'll end up breaking it.  Save yourself the money and your child the heartbreak, don't buy this toy", 1.0
"i don't recommend this product. it gets locked up easily and it's hard for a 4 year old to figure out how to get it unjammed. my son got so annoyed with it he doesn't even attempt to play with it anymore", 2.0
"I bought this game for my 4 year old son and he loved it.  The 5 games are loads of fun to play and on the easy setting even my 4 year old can finish several levels by himself.", 1.0
"The graphics are good and the controls work just fine.  I have not encountered any problems whatsoever.  I highly recommend this game to all Scooby Doo fans", 4.0
"My daughter is 10 years old. She enjoys playing the game. The graphics", 1.0
"are very good for such an inexpensive game. I would suggest it for any", 5.0
"child ages 4 and up", 5.0
"My daughters were very excited to get this for Christmas. However, after we hooked it up, we found the joystick would go the opposite direction that they were trying. For instance, in order to veer to the right, you needed to move the joystick to the left. We followed the troubleshooting to no avail. We are returning it in hopes that we just got a "lemon"", 5.0
"I thought this toy was adorable.  It's a great learning toy for math, but it's also fun for dramatic play!  Two toys in one!  This toy is also great for practicing fine motor skills.  All of the cookies have a big white number on the bottom, directly correlated to the number of M&M's on top.  So, you can count the top M&M's or work on number recognition by using the bottoms.  My 18 month old daughter is also still obssessed with "put & take."  So she spends lots of time just doing this with the cookies.", 5.0
"I have one slight issue with this toy - the top of the cookie jar doesn't fit on as well as I'd like.  It never truly sits in place correctly, although it does sit on top of the cookie jar.  I'm not sure if this is a manufacturing problem or if it's a shipping problem.  It looks like the jar is VERY slightly bent into an oblong shape, which is why I think the top won't fit on.  This could simply be a shipping issue just for me though.  I've tried bending it back, but haven't had any luck.", 5.0
"Either way, educational and fun toy", 5.0
"These were given to my 2 1/2 year old as a gift and I will admit that, at first, I thought it was a rather dull gift.  My daughter LOVES it, though.  She uses the cookies for counting (and sometimes counts the M&Ms on top).  She also has fun playing with them in her kitchen.  She cooks the cookies and feeds them to her stuffed animals.  She counts how many cookies each doll gets.  She spends a lot of time arranging the cookies (and other foods) in the cookie jar.", 5.0
"It's really a great toy.  We like a lot of the Learning Resources products.", 5.0
"Is not 8 inches barely 4. Somebody make a mistake. Huge dissapointment.", 5.0
"H(oward) P(hillips) Lovecraft wrote a whole bunch of short stories for pulp magazines such as "Weird Tales," many of which talked about the Great Cthulhu, a supremely powerful force of evil who was laying dormant deep beneath the Pacific Ocean, awaiting the time when he would return to power and turn the Earth into a waste land.  Lovecraft's stories of the Great Old Ones, the cursed book called "The Necronomicon," scholars at Miskatonic University, and the Elder Gods were developed into what is now commonly known as the Cthulhu Mythos (a term coined by August Derleth).   Other writers have added to the Cthulhu Mythos, which continues to expand to this day, but at the heart of it all is Cthulhu himself.  So the idea that he has been turned into an 8-inch plush toy takes the concept of cuteness to a damp, dark hole where it has not seen the light of day for countless years.", 5.0
"Cthulhu (a.k.a. Fisherman's God, Great Old One, Him Who Lies Dreaming, Him Who Will Rise Again, etc.) was described by Lovecraft as follows: "a monster of vaguely anthropoid outline, but with an octopuslike head whose face was a mass of feelers, a scaly, rubbery-looking body, prodigious claws on hind and fore feet, and long, narrow wings behind."  In addition to having "a fearsome and unnatural malignancy," Cthulhu is described as having "a somewhat bloated corpulence," which certainly explains why it has ended up as a plush toy, although I am not certain how accurate the green part ends up being.", 4.0
"Given the literary heritage of Cthulhu, it is amazing how much fun is being had with Lovecraft's greatest monstrous creation.  There are Cthulhu for President t-shirts, a Campus Crusade for Cthulhu, and a marvelous on-line comic strip, "The Misadventures of Hello Cthulhu" (yes, think "Hello Kitty" with an unknowable evil walking around).  I have even seen a Cthulhu made out of Lego parts (the Lego squid makes such things possible apparently).  So a Cthulhu plush toy seems rather reasonable, and one of those brilliant examples of how the commercial impulse can manifest itself in diverse sections of popular culture.  Can plush toys of Nyarlathotep and Azathoth be far behind?  Stay tuned, boys and girls.", 5.0
"This little plush Cthulhu is well-made and adorable.  If you can ignore the fact that he is probably secretly dreaming of your madness and destruction, he'd make a fine addition to your cubicle or collection", 2.0
"Item received quickly in excellent condition, thank you very muc", 2.0
"I researched all the marble toys, and while it was down to this or Haba, my 6 yo son chose this because of the colors and the spirals (which he said were "super cool". Even though it is more expensive than the plastic marble runs, it is well worth it.", 5.0
"While I think haba might work better for 4&5 yo's because of the easier set up, I think this toy is better for 6 and up, and more likely to be used as they get older. Great for problem solving, spatial relations , and for putting a real lot of marbles through so they go down super fast!", 5.0
"The day we got it we set it up on the living room table, and it has not been put away yet!", 4.0
"Very disappointed in this purchase. Sent it back for a refund. This toy is not what it appears to be and should be for 7-8 yrs of age. This frusterated me and I am in my 30's as well as a friend of the family and she is in her 40's. Not at all what I thought it was", 1.0
"My six year old loved this christmas present.  He and his four year old sister spent several hours christmas day racing to load more marbles on the track.  I get to help contruct and reconstruct the different patterns, which I also enjoy.  This is a high quality and fun toy.", 5.0
"i did my homework when buying a marble run for a 5 year old.  this is all wooden, very sturdy, and comes with enough twists and turns to satisfy the resident marble run maker (and his 8 year old brother) for hours!  ideal for any kid who likes legos, magnatiles (also a great toy!!), knex, etc.  even the grandpa jumped in and played with it over the holiday!  it's pricey, but worth the investment", 5.0
"The classic fire truck-- large enough, with some details, for my boys to feel like it's a real fire truck.  I like the fact that it doesn't move on its own-- you have to push it.  The sounds are not too loud (some may disagree, but I've heard louder).  ladder hasn't broken yet, but it is pretty thin plastic, so it will probably break eventually.  Doors open to put small characters in.", 5.0
"The lucky little boy who received this wonderful toy for Christmas was thrilled! And, so were his Mom, Dad, and Sister!! Highly recommended for any youngster you'd like to have think that you're the best Auntie in the whole world!!!", 5.0
"Still as good as they were 50 years ago. I got my first one in 195", 5.0
"He spends hours of his day playing with the firetruck.  It was worth the money.  Gives me a couple hours of sanity everyday!!!", 5.0
"Angie  Hac", 5.0
"I added this item to the &quot;goody bag&quot; of my almost-three-year-old son for a Colorado-to-Illinois drive.  It was his instant favorite, engaging him for up to an hour at a time!  We had a great trip", 5.0
"I just got this and my kids love it. We bought this because it was small and didn't take up a ton of room like a full play stove. My kids have been wanting a play kitchen, but with four kids and a tiny apartment, there just wasn't the room for one. I like that it's self contained and small for storage purposes. So when they want to play they only have to dig it out and set it up but it's easily stored on a shelf when it's not in use. I also like that it's wood vs plastic. I'm trying to get away from plastic toys whenever possible. I bought a Super Baking Set and a Super Cooking Set for their utensils. I like the qaulity of those as well. All items from both sets fit into the stove for storage minus the little measuring cup. It would have fit but it was just a bit too high. I fully plan on buying more Alex cooking fun", 5.0
"The stove we bought can be stored easily which is what attracted me to it.  Our granddaughter is having fun using it when she comes here even though it is not a fancy model like the other one she often uses.  It is not clear that pots and pans do not come with the stove in the ad I read.  That should be stated", 5.0
"I'm not a big fan of Pictionary. However, the game, when played with a lot of people having a good time - can be fairly fun. So when I heard about Squint, a type of Pictionary clone, I wasn't too keen on getting it. But I knew that the publisher, Out of the Box Games, had made some incredibly fun games, so I decided to give Squint a try.", 5.0
"So is Squint worth your time? The short answer is if you need a inexpensive filler, then yes. A longer answer follows:", 5.0
"First of all, a short description of game play. Squint comes with 72 small square cards with different simple shapes on them. These shapes include lines, circles, curves, etc. These cards are spread face up all over the middle of the table.", 4.0
"Each player then takes a turn. They draw a "Squint" Card from the box and roll a die. The die has numbers 3 "1"'s, 2 "2"'s, and 1 "3" on it. The die determines which word on the card the player will use, with "1" being the easiest word, and "3" being the hardest.", 5.0
"A small timer is then flipped over, giving the player 45 seconds to get the other players to guess their word. They do this by arranging the picture cards in the middle of the table into a shape or picture. They may not give verbal clues, but may animate their picture or point to part of the picture. If someone can correctly shout out the answer, they and the player making the picture both get the points indicated on the die. (1 point for "1", etc.) If no one figures out the picture before the timer finishes, then no points are awarded. The next player then goes.", 1.0
"Whenever points are awarded, small green chips (Tiddly wink style) are given out for points. After each player has gone a specified number of times, the game ends with the person who has the highest amount of points being the winner!", 4.0
"Comments on the game:", 1.0
"1). Components: Out of the Box Games produces some of the best components in their games. This is a small game, but the stuff inside is top notch! The timer is nicely colored, and is very sturdy. The picture cards are a nice shape, and are quite thick and durable. The "Squint" cards are thinner, but are only used minimally, so it doesn't matter. The die has clear numbers written on it, easy to see. The box is the same size as many of the OOTB game boxes, and is very sturdy, and easy to fit on a shelf. All the components fit superbly in the box. The only components I wasn't pleased with were the scoring chips. They are very small and an ugly pea-green. They are too easy to lose, fall on the floor. I would have preferred bigger, easier to handle chips. But still, it doesn't really detract from the game that much.", 2.0
"2). Rules: As with all OOTB games, the rules are very short, and very easy to understand. They are on 3 pages of laminated thick paper, and are easy to read. The back page I found quite helpful, as it shows a picture of every picture card. Not only is this good for inventory purposes, but it is a handy reference when you are deciding exactly how to build your picture. The rules also offer several tips to help include game play.", 5.0
"3). Ease of Play: It's possible to teach this game in less than a minute. Most people are familiar with Pictionary, and the comparisons are evident. People do differ on the picture cards. Some (like me) like the picture cards much better than drawing a picture. Others would rather draw the picture than search through cards and make a picture with predetermined shapes. It's all a matter of personal taste. Many of the "3" words are also extremely difficult to build with the picture cards.", 1.0
"4). Animation: The little feature that allows you to animate your cards is not only fun, but very useful! For example, when I make a Cannonball, and can show it shooting out of a cannon, it's a lot easier for others to guess it. This is my personal favorite part of the game.", 4.0
"5). Playing area: We found that this game actually plays very well on the floor. As the game name implies, it's actually easier to see the pictures when you squint at them. So, if the pictures are farther down, on the floor, it actually works better.", 4.0
"6). The Fun Factor: Squint is fun. We have a lot of fun playing with it, moving around the picture cards, and animating them. I think for it's price and easiness to play and teach, many will enjoy the game. However, it lacks a certain "zing" that I've found in other party games, like Time's Up and Apples to Apples. People are interested in playing the game when I suggest it, but they don't get as excited as they do about other games. Squint is fun, but not massively fun.", 4.0
"However, I still recommend the game. It's a good party game, and it's really quick to play. When you have a short, fun game to pull out, you have a wonderful little filler game. It's not the best filler I've played - but it's quite functional and fun. So try it out and see if you like it!", 4.0
"Tom Vasel", 1.0
""Real men play board games.", 4.0
"The game is alot of fun, but don't play it with the timer . The timer doesn't give you enough time to think about which cards to use, and make the shape with. The #1's on the cards are the easiest ones to make", 5.0
"I have a daughter that will be going into Kindergarten next year.  My wife and I bought her a LeapPad and two software modules for it for Christmas last year thinking it would help her get a bit of a head start before starting school.", 5.0
"While my daughter doesn't play with this on her own, she likes using this software with me or my wife.  It seems like she is introducing us to characters she liked in Cars and all the things they can do in this software.", 5.0
"By allowing her to "show us around", she has learned quite a bit from this software.  She seems to have fun with it as a kid, and the fact that she is learning is very satisfying for me as a parent.", 5.0
"I think LeapPad has done a good job here", 5.0
"Purchased for our 3 yr old Grandson and, as usual, you can't beat the leap pad system for being both fun and a good learning toy", 5.0
"My 2 year old granddaughter loves the bear. She's a little young for it so we watch her carefully with it. She is so excited when he starts talking and telling stories. The only problem we had was when you open the package, it's not clear that there is no cartridge that comes with the bear and the book. The first story is already programmed into the bear. I didn't realize that until we went on the Hasbro website.", 5.0
"I just bought this character toy (as a toy collector) and I am impressed. It is true that some words TJ says are pronounced differently than they should be, but as the character refers to himself as five years old and it seems to make sense to me. A lot of people are comparing TJ Bearytales to Teddy Ruxpin - and as a collector of animated childrens' toys - let me tell you that just from opening TJ for the first time, that he is far more interactive than Teddy Ruxpin - and Teddy Ruxpin costs more and does less.", 4.0
"An excellent toy and interactive too!! The reviewer that gave it a bad rating is obviously a bitter and uninformed as she obviously doesn't any hands on experience with this toy and is looking for an outlet to vent out her frustrations", 5.0
"I purchased this bear for my 3 year old grandson at Christmas. It was absolutely the best gift! Gavin listens to his bear talk constantly. He loves the music also. I had read an earlier review before my purchase about the bear not speaking clearly. The bear speaks just as clear as anyone. It is my opinion this bear is a great teaching toy and fun also.", 4.0
"If I could change one thing about the bear, it would be to make it more cuddly and easier to carry.", 5.0
"Gina West", 5.0
"V", 5.0
"The most amazing toy. so life like you think its alive. realy teaches to read and converse.", 2.0
"I have a 5 year old son and he loves books and being read to. I can't devote all of my time to reading to him... don't get me wrong I still do every day but TJ is my BIG helper. While I am cooking dinner or cleaning house my son can listen to stories and I have my hands free BUT best of all we are still getting storytime together and he loves it.", 5.0
"As for the speech comment made in one review I look at it as TJ is supposed to be 5 years old.", 5.0
"I personally think it adds a little something special to the toy", 4.0
"I read reviews on the "R" sounding like "W".  My son got this as a Christmas gift and pronunciation is clear and appropriate.  Perhaps they changed it on the newer ones", 5.0
"I bought this bear and a number of stories for my 3.5 year old.  She wasn't thrilled about it in the store, but she has "issues" with animated toys in general.  I found it on Amazon at half the price and knew if she gave it a chance she'd love it.  I was right.  She likes her alone time and I find her listening to the stories, interacting with the bear, singing the songs in her room.  She follows with the books and has no trouble fitting TJs accessories into his hand on her own", 5.0
"LOVE THIS BEAR.SOFT,DURABLE,SO CUTE WITH THE MOVING HEAD,EARS,&ARMS.CUTE STORY, AND LIKE THAT YOU CAN PURCHASE MORE STORIES.THOUGHT IT WAS A GREAT PRICE FOR SUCH A NICE PRODUCT.I GOT IT FOR MY 10 MONTH OLD GRANDDAUGHTER FOR CHRISTMAS. THE SMILES AND EXPRESSIONS ON MY GRANDDAUGHTERS FACE AS SHE LISTENED TO HIM FOR THE FIRST TIME WERE PRICLESS AND MADE MY DAUGHTER CRY AS SHE WATCHED HER. THAT SAYS IT ALL", 5.0
"My 1 year old granddaughter got this bear for Christmas. And it has not worked right except for that day. After reading all the reviews I am beginning to think that I just happened to purchase a bad one. Of course, she is not at the age that she can use this toy herself. But we took it out of the box and turned it on for her, the voice startled her at first, but she has gotten used to it. The next day we turned it on for her and it was skipping pages. We took the batteries out and put in new ones and I turned it on for her today and now it just keeps repeating page one. I have older grandchildren that are very rough and have kept TJ out of their reach because I am afraid they will break his arms. Has anyone else had any problems with this toy? I am afraid to buy any more books until I see if Hasbro will replace this bear with another one and see if it works", 4.0
"I bought this for my daughter for her 15th birthday. She is a HUGE elmo fan and since we are African-American I thought it was cute to have a little "black" girl doll that love elmo as much as my daughter. It was a huge hit and she LOVED it..", 5.0
"In my opinion this is the way games are supposed to be: the rules are easy to understand, and easily learned in 5 minutes. A typical game takes about 15 minutes. Mastering the game takes much longer --- I can't tell you how long, because I haven't mastered it yet.", 4.0
"I've played this game quite a few times now, and am amazed at the complexity involved in the game play. In every move you make, you have to judge the tradeoff in the knowledge you gain and the knowledge you give your opponent(s). You can even try to fool your opponent(s), by making a move that would seem obviously wrong from your point of view (but the confusion may pay off later on).", 5.0
"I would say that it is a much more interesting game than Mastermind, or most games, because it depends less on chance and more on skill. It can be a great lesson in logic reasoning and game theory. I would say that CODA can be almost as interesting as complex games like go, bridge or chess, but much easier to learn and quicker to play.", 1.0
"I concur with one of the other reviews I read: CODA is a classic in the making.", 5.0
"Highly recommended", 4.0
"Great authentic looking pistol. Works smoothly and provides your little cowpoke hours of cowboy imagination. Sometimes tough to find 12 shot ring caps available and the holster belt was not as nice as I had hoped it would be", 4.0
"We bought this for our daughter when she was younger. It was too frustrating. The ants are not made like they once were and it is near impossible to get them into the pants. We would cheat for her and pretend they went in after a long while of trying. Even we could not get them in. Plus the material is so cheesy that they break very easily. Save your money and buy a better game instead", 5.0
"This is a classic game that still has concept appeal, however cheap materials is ruining the effect.  We played this game as kids and had loads of fun.  Bought it for my 4yr old, and found the game more trying due to the cheap plastic of the ants.  The olden day ants were made of a harder plastic yet still flexible to pop in.  Today's ants are thinner plastic and bend more easily, making them get out of shape with normal pressure and then they don't pop up , so the game is trying.  You have to exert just the right amount of pressure to pop the ant and not squash him.  We have tried on several occasions and with different individuals, with the same results.  However, the appeal is still there, so when my daughter(4 yrs) who has a lighter hand and  makes a score when no one else does, it's immediate delight.  But even her lighter touch is not sufficient to get all the ants in without the ants becoming distorted.  I would say to the toymakers use a little more umph in the plastic on the ants and you'll easily revive a classic game.  The other downfall is the dog's suspenders do not fix into the box while assembled.  So setup and takedown is required with each game", 5.0
"I bought this toy at a garage sale and my some really likes it.  He has no trouble getting the ants in the pants - for the most part.  He loves trying to flick them in. It's been great for teaching him about taking turns.  Sometimes, he even plays with it by himself", 5.0
"Awesome present- my 4 year old nephew loved it. He got it for Christmas this past year and it is still holding up strong. Great, realistic,  paint job that is holding up well with many 'crashes'. They are a great buy also. I highly recomend them.", 5.0
"I can't say enough about these toys!  They are so nicely made and feel great in your hands.  Small enough to carry around and big enough for little hands.  Great quality, sturdy and superior look.  Collectors are buying these up like hot cakes and ebay is living proof that people are willing to shell out the cash for these.  Especially for the ones that are harder to find.", 4.0
"People have written reviews on these that no stores carry them.  They have been sold out because there has been a rush on these toys even before the movie release.  Hopefully as time goes on and if they keep producing them they will be easier to come by.  That's what I am hoping for.  I don't have all the characters yet and would like at least one of each for my son, maybe even more for collecting.", 5.0
"Good luck on your search", 2.0
"I was a bit nervous as to what this toy would bring given the other reviews, but since my 3-year old had this at the top of his list for Christmas, it was a must have.", 1.0
"It's fairly easy to assemble, although pieces will fall apart if you try to pick it up and move it.  The mat is about 4 feet long and is made of a thick, flexible vinyl.  It is not a painted garbage bag as one review indicates.  My pins do not come off,and the ball return works well.  Maybe these things have been improved since those reviews.  When I first set it up, the ball return was not working, but since christmas day it suddenly started working and hasn't broken since then.  The only minor disappointment is that the balls don't have the fingerholes in them like the picture shows.", 5.0
"The scoring unit works well.  It can be set for 1 or 2 players.  If you miss, you have to manually push the "missed ball" button.  It keeps score based on the six pins (there's 6 on this game, not 10).  In the final frame (frame 6) if you get a strike, you get 12 points; if you get a spare you get 9.  You don't get to bowl the "extra" balls in the final frame.  Therefore, the scoring is a bit weird, with the max score a 102.  Otherwise, it scores like regular bowling.", 1.0
"The tubes on the sides attach to the mat with velcro.  They don't quite match up perfectly, but good enough to hold them in place.", 5.0
"My 3 and 5 year old love the game and can operate it themselves.  I can see how kids a few years older would find it boring given the fairly small size and shortened gameplay (ie 6 frames/6 pins).  Also, as one reviewer notes, hitting the head pin with any speed almost always gets a strike, but even at that, I've only gotten 1 perfect game.", 5.0
"Overall, great fun.  Found on sale for 40 dollars.  I'd say worth about that if your kid is really into play bowling.  Improvements would be more sturdy construction, and an a/c adapter", 5.0
"My son got this as a Christmas present (2006). He turned 22 months the day before. He loves watching bowling on TV and being at the bowling alley, but he's too young to actually bowl at the bowling alley. When we put this toy together, he was so excited, he saw the picture on the box! He played for hours! He has NEVER lasted for more than about 5 minutes with one toy. It was amazing! I love it and so does he!", 5.0
"I bought this for my two kids (ages 2& 6) for christmas 2006.  I paid about $35 for it.  They love it!  It is a lot of fun and easy to use.  My only complaint is that the pins keep falling out (they are easy to put back in place) and the net that catches the ball had to be rigged so that the ball could move into the ball return area.  Other than that-we think it is great!", 5.0
"We purchased this for my 2yr old and 4yr old for Christmas BEFORE reading some of the reviews on Amazon.  We paid about $30.  After reading the reviews, I nearly took it back, but figured we'd try it out and return it if it seemed as bad as noted here.", 5.0
"I was very surprised to find that, contrary to some reviewers, the quality was just fine.  This set is made of plastic, but it IS only $35!  It's not the most durable thing, and kids can definitely pull the pieces apart.  However, during normal use the set works beautifully.  My boys really enjoyed bowling, and my two year old had no problem learning how to throw the ball down the alley.", 1.0
"The automatic ball return is really cool, as the kids aren't having to dig into the unit to get the ball out.  It really encourages them to stay right there and wait for the ball to get back.  The floor (which one reviewer compared to a garbage bag) is MUCH thicker than I expected.  It is definitely durable enough to last for sometime.", 2.0
"Overall, I'd say for the price this set was well worth it.  My boys will get plenty of entertainment out of it.  If you can get a similar deal, I'd go for it, especially if you have kids that want to bowl just like their older siblings", 2.0
"If your children play hard with toys......this definitely isn't the toy for them..   It broke the very 1st day! Threw in the garbage", 5.0
"Where to begin???  This toy after setup, didn't last 15 minutes before breaking.  The ball return quit working literally after 15 minutes.  (My 2 and 6 year old were very disappointed).  The "Floor" of the bowling alley is a painted garbage bag--that is how thin the material is.  The plastic tubes running along the sides only rest in a few plastic holders that are only in place with stickers/ velcro.  Nevertheless, these tubes constantly fell apart and come undone.  There are 3 power wires running all over the game.  1 for the scorer, 1 for the ball return, and 1 for the pins---the ones for the pins and ball return don't fit into their female receptacle properly (they will hang loose and stick out about a 1/4".  The pins aren't pins.  They aren't round, they are cut in half and hollowed out.  The two bowling balls that come with this are smaller than softballs and are plastic.    I don't know what else to say, I have a 1, 2, 6, and 8 year old and have had thousands of toys.  This is the first one that I said the quality of this toy is complete garbage and I must take the time and get on the internet and figure out how to leave a review, because this toy wins the award for biggest piece of garbage ever!!!!!", 5.0
"My son loves bowling.  I have no idea where he gets that from, since the only time he has actually been to a bowling alley was for his sixth birthday this year -- long after he developed this craze.  His favorite computer games are "Gutterball" and "Polar Bowler".  He makes his own little pins and plays tabletop games.  I don't pretend to understand it.", 4.0
"So, when he asked for this toy for Christmas, he weren't surprised.  We were hesitant to buy it, however, because we were afraid it would be a big disappointment.  When he made his list for Santa, this was the only thing on it. This was all he talked about for weeks before the holiday.  We had to get it.", 2.0
"I'm so glad we did!  It's been a great purchase.  It's easy to put together and use.  The sound effects are a big hit with the kids -- even our 5-month old loves to watch us play.  We use this toy as a reward; "get ready for bed quickly and we'll have time for bowling!"", 5.0
"A few complaints:  the pins will pop off with the occassionally hard rolled ball.  Luckily they snapped right back on.  Also, the ball return is fickle, but this is probably the result of our uneven floors, though.  This toy takes up quite a bit of floor space.  It is not feasible to pack it up and take it out when you want to play.  You really need to leave it out if you expect it to be played with.", 1.0
"Although there is a one-person setting, after the initial newness wore off, my son didn't like to play with it alone.  He prefers to play it with a friend or parent.  This presents a small problem as the maximum number of players that can play at a time is two.  However, as there are only six frames per game groups of kids can play "round robin" or "winner stays up" quite easily.", 5.0
"The bumpers, automatic pin setup and ball return make this much for fun than the old sets we grew up with!", 5.0
"We really enjoy this family game.  I would recommend it for ages 4-9, with older siblings and parents having fun as well.  Definitely a good purchase if you have the room", 5.0
"This toy was way more then I expected. My sons love it, and it seems more durable then a more expensive RC kind of car I bought earlier. And I highly recommend this toy, granted its not extremly fast and not much to look at, but it is still good for younger children", 5.0
"My son was thrilled to see that Santa had left this toy.  The first thing we did was walk down to the pond to see if it really worked.  The "shark" was driven all the way down to the pond and then into the water he went.  He was easily controllable in the water and on the land.  The only problem was that it wasn't able to get out of the water on it's own.  No matter what direction and speed this toy was going, it was quite difficult to maneuver out of the pond.  However, when driven in the shallow creek, it did great!  One of my 6 year old son's favorite toys!", 5.0
"My 6-year-old daughter absolutely loves this toy! So does my 4-year-old nephew. In just a couple of days, Molly wore out the first set of batteries; she played with it all day! One caution, though; don't let the controller get wet. My daughter inadvertently got it wet and it had to dry out for about 24 hours before it would work again. Overall, though, an excellent toy", 5.0
"This is a great toy! My daughter loves it and uses it for hours", 5.0
"   From one of the Marvel Universe's many intriguing future timelines, comes this tiny'n'tender little fella: a future intelligent, raw evil version of the Hulk (even more massive than the current era's Hulk is usually depicted) who's brutally killed off most of the other super-powered beings in the world, where this future Hulk - The Maestro - now rules with an iron fist.  In the comics that introduced the character, the modern Hulk was brought forward into the future to oppose his future self.", 5.0
"   The action figure version of Maestro is as deadly impressive as you'd want him to be, being one of the most powerful and most evil beings in Toy Biz's great Marvel Legends line, looking like a bone-crushing challenge for pretty well any conceivable adversary.  The sculpting and color job is excellent; when the toy is in motion the enormous musculature on his back almost appears to ripple. Even the eyes are so detailed and well-painted that, set under a massive bony brow, they appear very lifelike and threatening.  Excellent articulation, as is par for the course with the Marvel Legends figures.  Seems very durable, which is apparantly a bit of a problem with a couple of the more slender-limbed figures in the line.", 2.0
"Maestro comes with the left arm of Apocalypse, which can be combined with five other pieces (found with the Marvel Legends figures of X-51, Bishop, Iron Fist, Sasquatch, and the "Astonishing X-Men" version of Wolverine) to make the giant version of Apocalypse, who is then a fully-posable, stay-together action figure who towers ominously over the regular-sized figures.  Maestro also comes with the comic book "Captain Marvel # 30",(1999 series) in which the Maestro appears. It's a good book, real good art, but it's the fourth of a four-part story arc ("Time Flies") that begain CM # 27.  Comics fans may find it worthwhile to put the issue aside until they track down the first 3 parts of the arc.", 1.0
"Overall, an excellent deal for the Marvel Legends fan - a fine comic, part of one of the best-looking assemble-able giants in Marvel Legends, and a figure that's prime for play or display.", 1.0
"Usually Toybiz does a decent job of creating figures of lesser - but well loved - Marvel characters, but did we need a Maestro?  We need another Hulk figure like another Ghost Rider figure.  The toy is well sculpted and comes with a detachable helmet.  The best part of this series is the Apocalypse figure", 1.0
"Maestro Hulk is a good figure.  I like the character and am glad he was done in the Marvel Legends style.  However, he's too short.  The character is 7 feet tall, but doesn't seem like it when you stand him up next Bishop, Iron Fist, or anyone else from past series.  He's the same body sculpt that was used for Smart Hulk back in the short-lived Hulk Classics series.  So, if you stand him up with other Hulks, he will look just fine.  In my opinion, if you're going to make a Hulk-or anyone else-make him the right size.  The figure does have great articulation and an excellent paint job.  The joints are not too tight and are well concealed on the figure.  The details are nice, too.  His crown fits his head nicely, but will fall off during play.  You could secure it with one of those clear rubber bands that come with action figures these days.  Since he is a possible future Hulk, he has plenty of little warts and wrinkles all over his body to show the effects of the radiation and battle his body has endured over the years.  He comes with a copy of the last chapter of a 4-part Captain Marvel story.  It's a real recent storyline for older kids, so it has a few, inappropriate 4-letter words in it-which I do not approve of.  It's a sad testament to comics these days that they have to resort to things like that in order to make their characters and plots seem real.  They'll do whatever it takes to get them to sell, I guess.  I threw the comic away to keep my kids from reading it.  The comic shows very little of Maestro Hulk anyway.  And, it's kind of confusing to just pick it up and start reading the last chapter.  You really need the preceding 3 comics to get the benefit of the story.  I think they could have picked a better comic.  This series is called the Apocalypse Series because, as in past series, the 6 figures have a piece of the 7th, larger figure-Apocalypse.   Apocalypse is a 5,000-year-old mutant and an arch nemesis of the X-Men.  He turns out to be 14 inches tall and he looks really, really good when he is all assembled.  He IS the best one in the series.  Most people probably won't consider the character selection in this series to be the best, so it was a good idea for ToyBiz to release these figures this way.  Personally, I love the character selection AND the idea of building another, larger figure.  They should continue it in future releases.  Everyone will want to put together their own Apocalypse since he was very hard to get when he made his 6-inch appearance in Marvel Legends 7.  Maestro is well stocked, so if you want him for the Apocalypse piece or not, you're still getting a great action figure who plays and displays nicely.  But, I only give it 4 stars because he's too short and the inappropriate words in the comic.  They forgot that this toy was recommended for kids as young as 5.  I don't think most people will want their 5 year old reading these kinds of words yet.", 1.0
"Once again Fisher Price has made a fun and durable toy.  My 4 year old son got this crane for Christmas and just loves to use it with the RC geotrax trains and other track systems.  He also has the elevation tracks and the airport and it's so much fun to unload cargo from the plane and then to the crane.  My son plays with it for hours!  And it's so durable, the crane has taken quite a bit of abuse from both my 4 year old and my 2 year old son and it still works like new.  We have 2 RC trains and both my kids can operate them on their own and are so proud to make the trains move themselves.  We will keep adding to our Geotrax and have fun with it for years.  The Geotrax system is a must have for any train lover or any kid who loves to use their imagination.", 1.0
"my 3 yo loves it.  The geomotion system will stop the train as it comes through (in the right position to load or unload stuff from a train car), and uses the train's motor (based on a gear on the bottom of the train) to slow rotate the crain head in a circle.", 4.0
"It is great, I sit on the couch with the remote control.  Train drives under the crane, stops, the crane head rotates around until it aligns with the load.  I use the train remote to stop it, my 3yo cranks on the handle to lift the load, I start the train engine to rotate the load to teh train, stop the train, and he lowers the load into the train.  Then he moves the lever that allows the train to leave the building, and I start the train, and drive it around the track.", 4.0
"And he does it again, and again, and again.  Meanwhile, I am saving my knees cause for this toy (and only for this toy) I don't have to be down on the floor with him.", 5.0
"Fisher Price has a winner", 1.0
"This is a great product.  My son is 3 and it works very well for his motor skills.  The Geo Trax is played with each evening", 5.0
"In my last reviw, I told "I wont buy any Geotrax Toy becaus my child has 6 years old" BUT NOOOOOOT. Yesterday I bought this crane, and he played with it all night.", 1.0
"This Geotrax Crankin' Round Crane, keeps things moving. You can rotate to every where, pick up and drop off cargo by hand. This is part of Geotrax's Geo Motion line, and as Workin' Town, Workin' Roundhouse and Liftin' Roll Barrel Loader, is very fun to play and total compatible to old Geotrax Toys.", 5.0
"The bucket of playdoh is great because it comes with all the doodads that are fun with playdoh.  The best thing is that you can take it any where", 4.0
"i really love play doh. i got this for christmas from santa, and i play with it almost every day. everything packs away in the bucket so it's easy for me to put away when my mommy says so.  i can store other play doh gadgets in it also.  i really love it", 4.0
"I initially bought this as a toy for work.  Playdough is a great fine motor activity and can be used in a variety of ways during therapy sessions for kids of all ages.  Of course, it found it's way into my 2 year olds hands and she loves it!  Rolling out the dough and pressing out shapes..she could do this for hours.  The plunger is a little difficult to use for little hands, and it may cause frustration if there is not and adult there to help.  The little scissors are also a big hit and a great way to teach scissor skills.  The bucket also keeps everything together.  And if the playdough only gets put in the bucket and not their little containers..it still stays fresh", 5.0
"Although this set does introduce some basic aspects of chemistry, the contents are not "high quality" at all.  The microscope is inadequate for even seeing salt crystals and the magnifier is cloudy and has bubbles in it.  Don't waste your money.", 5.0
"My little girl loves to change things up and this is a nice little playset and great for the car", 4.0
"My two year old is a new fan of Dora, so I bought her this beach set as a stocking stuffer.", 5.0
"To say she loves it would be an understatement.", 1.0
"We have many Dora toys now, but the little Dora and Boots figurines in this set are particularly loved. What's nicest about them is that they are small enough for her to hold in one hand, and so are very portable.", 5.0
"They are also hard molded plastic, so while they aren't poseable, they also aren't breakable and are extremely easy to clean. She can bring them in the bathtub, to bed, play with them at meals and in the sandbox. I can wash them in super hot soapy water unlike the stuffed toys we own.", 4.0
"The paint has held up well to wear. I ended up buying another one of these sets as a backup, in case one gets lost, and a different set to get the Tico character", 5.0
"This playset is perfect for anyone who loves Dora, the Explorer. It contains the two most important characters, Dora and Boots, plus a very nice and pretty beach set where you'll find a very funny crab. The little toys are very strong and safe to play on the sand, in the water or anywhere you want to carry them. Your child will absolutely love it", 4.0
"If you have an active child, this is not the floation device to buy.  My granddaughter almost drowned.  The float flipped over and the weight of the float held her head under water.  Even with very short reaction time to flip the float back over, she was terrifed and now is afraid of the water.  I threw the Baby Spring Float in the trash.  I know it is better than most floation products on the market, but I would rather hold her in the pool, than have her drown.", 5.0
"I bought this for my 17 month old grand-son and he loves it, it works very well in the water, cannot turn-over and has room to lay toys for him to play with, I am very happy with this item, cannot find anything like it in the local stores.  Thanks", 5.0
"I like this pool floatie A LOT.  The only thing that annoyed me with this purchase is that thru Amazon, it doesn't tell you there are several different patterns it comes in.  It only mentioned the blue dolphin pattern.  I bought this for my son and we got a green one with flowers on it.  That was quite disappointing", 5.0
"This year my baby girl was old enough (16mths) to have some fun in the pool, so I spent considerable time doing research on a good pool float for her. After reading many positive reviews, I decided to order this one, and was very pleased with it. My daughter was able to splash in the water, and while she did try to crawl out of it a few times, that usually happend when she was tired of being in the water anyway. It was easy to inflate, and only took a few minutes of effort to deflate for storage. Tip, practice a few times twisting it up to put away, it can be kinda tricky. Overall, I would definitely recommend this produc", 1.0
"This is great for babies and toddlers in a deeper pool.  Keeps them  stable in the water and gives them some independence to play/move on their own", 5.0
"We had a hard time folding it back up. The main problem was getting it to deflate. I am sure we just didn't do it right, so it wouldn't fold back up with air still in it.", 4.0
"My 1 year old daughter preferred a baby boat with an attached toy bar she could chew on and play with, but her 1 yr old cousin tried this float and enjoyed it.", 5.0
"The child sits down in the water pretty good- which is nice for keeping cool. It seems to be quite stable, as a result. I will continue to use this float with my baby girl and see how she likes it as she gets a little bigger", 2.0
"We bought two - one for a 1 year old (15lbs) and another for a 20 month old (35 lb).  We also tried to use it with a 4 month old (13 lb).  The only baby that actually could use it was the 1 year old.  The 20 month old kept on throwing himself out of it (he's a monkey anyhow) and ended up not wanting anything to do with the float. The 4 month old was just a little too short and could put her face in water in the seat area.  The 1 year old had an absolute blast", 1.0
"I ordered this raft late in the summer hoping we would get more use out of it. My one year old loves the water and gets really hard to hold after a while, she never wants to get out. Although she tried to climb out of this raft, unsuccefully, she seemed to enjoy it. She was able to splash in the water and kick her feet. We could still play motor boat and twirl her around. I gave it 4 stars because you still have to blow it up and deflate it and I do not know how long it would last if used heavily", 5.0
"I don't consider this a toy.  It's just what I need for a 1 yr old in the pool.  I was using a baby carrier.  This is great", 4.0
"I should have insisted on my money back the first time!  Within 10 minutes of opening our first shell shocker it jammed up and wouldn't work properly.  Since I had already spent the $[...]for the battery that can only be used in this toy I decided to try another one (after a long interchange with the Tyco people and a 6 week wait).  The second one finally arrived and once again, my son had it out of the box for not more than 15 minutes and it was obvious that it wasn't preforming as promised.  So, if you do choose to buy - make sure you save your receipts for the toy and the battery", 5.0
"I've never purchased a remote control toy that did not come with the rechargeable battery.  It was very disappointing on Christmas morning to learn that we had to order the battery separately (...).", 5.0
"I will tell you , Shell Shocker is unbelievable! I don't know who has more fun , my five year-old or me!", 4.0
"It slides . climbs, rolls, expands and contracts. Take it to the park as much fun as a dog, with nothing to clean up!", 4.0
"Enjoy", 4.0
"We found this to be a great toy. It actually works, unlike the Terrain Twister. The Shell Shocker is durable, goes fast, spins around, opens and closes its fins and goes through just about anything. It actually has power. This is a fun toy. I dont think I would put it through mud or water though. I wouldnt want to have to clean the mud out of it and most of RC type toys dont work well after getting them wet. We chase the dog around the yard with it too, pretty fun. You will need to buy the battery for it and that can cost about $30.00", 4.0
"We've had it 6 months and love it, really cool toy", 2.0
"This toy is absolute junk. Purchased 2 for the boys at Christmas. One quit working that day. Amazon was amazing and replaced it quickly..But only one side works again. The second one drains the battery. Even tried a new battery and charger. Still drains it in a matter of minutes. It's a great concept, but not durable at all. The gears that turn the "shells" go out quickly. Then you are left with a useless toy. Tyco should have done a little more product testing before this one was put out.", 5.0
"All my 4 yr old wanted for Christmas was a Shell Shocker. My parents got it for him, and he was SO EXCITED! After playing with it once, it lost it's fun for him. We got it out a few more times before it wouldn't morph anymore. Plus, because we went on pavement with it (a BIG no-no), the body is terribly scuffed. He has more fun with his remote control cars! We called tyco and are getting our money back. After, we'll go to radio shack and get him a remote control car", 4.0
"This Bionicle Visorak series stands among the best ideas Lego has ever pursued.  It's clever, inventive, and just plain fun!", 4.0
"I haven't kept up with the Bionicle story over the years.  I always just liked the action figures.  The Bohrok were very cool, as were the Rahkshi.  I began to lose interest in Bionicle when the Vahki came on the scene, but I still collected a few of them.  As far as I can tell, the dynamic of Bionicle stories is usually the same.  The heroic, robotic Toa versus a horde of monsters.  That's pretty much what's going on here.", 2.0
"The Visorak are cute four-legged monsters with large pincers.  There are nine of them here, and they are fighting against the six elemental Toa (humanoid robots).  It should be noted that the Toa figures are not posable like other Lego minifigs.  They're more like mini figurines.  Each guy stands in his own heroic pose, and each guy carries his own unique silver weapon.  There are spears, halberds, and battering rams.  I'll forgive the lack of posability here because the rest of this set is so cool.", 4.0
"There are six different Visoraks (they have different styles of pincers).  This set comes with nine of them (did I get an extra one by mistake?  Other sets come with eight).  Three of the cute little monsters are duplicates.  They're made of semi-flexible plastic.  You can push down on a monster's back and spring him into battle to knock down the robots.  Very cool.  The Visorak also glow in the dark.  Both the Toa and Visorak figures have some great textured detail, and the Visorak have some very nice color detail as well.", 2.0
"We also get a larger Visorak who I haven't seen before.  He has no pincers like his smaller buddies.  Just small tusks like an elephant.  Like the other Visoraks, he's a four-legged monster.  He's constructed from Technic Bionicle parts.  Pushing down on his back raises his head to reveal a spring-loaded missile launcher with soft-tip missile (it also fires the missile).  Colors are dark blue, dark gray, and he has a gold head piece.  This guy isn't quite as cool as the Visorak Queen from the Battle Of Metru Nui set, but he has an appealing uniqueness.", 5.0
"The backdrop for our frenzied melee between monsters and robots is a tall tower with a big black mask for a front gateway.  Above the entrance to the tower is a grated window that can be flipped open to reveal a spring-loaded missile launcher on a turntable.  This one fires a silver soft-tipped missile.  The launcher can turn left and right, raise and lower to aim, and it can also move back and forth on rails.  High atop the tower is a target for our large Visorak to aim at in the hopes of knocking it over.  The tower also has opening doors at ground level, and a manually operated catapult that can launch a flaming boulder.  The finishing touch is some vines that our little monsters can use to scale the walls.  The little Visoraks can be snapped firmly onto a vine.", 5.0
"Going into the construction of the tower are mostly regular Lego pieces, with just a few Technic parts used for the catapult.  Colors are primarily dark gray and black.  The tower also has ornamental blades in silver to spruce up the look, a Toa mask, some torches, some really nice flame pyres, and we get decorative decals for the opening doors and mask gateway.  This set has a lot of tiny white horn/spikes.  I found the construction here to be easy enough.  Nothing too challenging.  The finished model is sturdy and easily portable.", 5.0
"This set isn't quite as action packed as other Bionicle Visorak playsets, but it still has that Visorak charm.  An added plus is that the tower can be connected to Metru Nui.  I have to say, all of the sets in this series are great!  This is the kind of thing I like the most.  Lots of guys with cool weapons, lots of cute little monsters, and a really nice techno-stronghold with cool action features so I can stage an epic battle.  My verdict:  thumbs up", 5.0
"This is one of the last 2005 bionicle sets.  I have it, and I think it is really fun.  I had fun building it, and I have fun playing with it.  It comes with 2 pieces where if you press a button, another piece shoots out.  It comes with a bunch of mini figures.  This would be a great addition to any Bionicle fan's collection", 5.0
"This Money Mill Bank is easy to use and it works well with any bank wrappers, which is a money saver by itself.", 5.0
"I would recommend it if you don't have lots of coins to sort or if you don't need to do it very often.", 5.0
"I am pleased with this purcahse", 5.0
"My husband is very happy with this bank. He had one for many years and when it wore out he purchased this one which is very similar to the one he had. He gets free paper rolls from the bank and when the bank is full, he rolls the coins himself.", 5.0
"I got this for my son and he did have fun with it, but I spent a lot of time trying to unjam the coins from the mechanism. As an actual coin sorter it stinks. The number of coins (or even the types of coins) that end up in each roll is fairly inconsistent. Also, it comes with a top to keep little fingers out of it, but there is no way to keep the top on, so my son got his finger caught by the rotating coin sorter once and was pretty scared until I could pry his finger out of it.", 5.0
"I wouldn't reccomend it", 5.0
"Make sure you check your wagon model before ordering!!!  Can't stress that enough!  Once you know, these are great for the wagon.  I have two dogs and its much better than a blanket.  Would recommend to anyone interested", 1.0
"The radio flyer pads are essential for small children.  My 9 month old enjoys riding in his radio flyer because he has the softness of the pads to keep him safe and secure.", 1.0
"People must be stupid, that all I can think about when I read the comments saying this will not fit there wagon.  I bought this along with the #32 ATW jeep like wagon for my daughter and it fits like a glove.  I set up the wagon and pads in like 10 minutes and spent the rest of the even playing with her and it.", 1.0
"- Jo", 1.0
"EASY INSTALL, SIDE PIECES CAN ATTACH LOW OR HIGH, I WENT HIGH SO PAD WOULD COVER THE TOP OF THE WOOD SIDES WHEN BENT OVER PROVIDING MORE COMFORT FOR PASSENGER, SEE PHOTOS I LEFT IN IMAGE AREA", 1.0
"The wagon is perfect, however, the pads are too small and do not fit the wagon.  This was very disappointing. Especially for a small child without any pads", 1.0
"These make my son so much more comfortable when riding in the wagon.  He will actually stay in for longer rides now that we have them.  Just make sure to order the correct size for your wagon!  So glad we purchased these", 1.0
"This is our 2nd puzzle from Melissa and Doug and our 3 year old loves it!! Easy for him to work by himself and problem solve where the pieces go.  These are great for several learning concepts and I have already ordered more for us and some for a gift!", 4.0
"These puzzles are great! They are bright and colorful, the kids love them", 5.0
"These blocks are COOL!!! My boys love them, they are safe and so much fun. At first I hesitated to buy these blocks because I thought the price was ridiculous so I split the cost with my sister and my mom, and if I had to do it again I would pay for them on my own. I haven't been able to find anything else like this. So like I said buy them they are worth it!!", 5.0
"After reading several of the reviews for the Big Wheel, I almost left this purchase in the dust.  Who wants to be stuck with a box of rocks as some reviews suggested?  However, I am pleased to say this was an excellent purchase for our 4 year old little boy.", 5.0
"The night our Big Wheel arrived, I insisted that we assemble it...just in case our box had missing/broken parts or the pieces didn't fit together right...even though we weren't giving this to our son for a several more days.  Lucky for us, we found the instructions easy to follow, all parts were accounted for, and everything went together quickly and easily.  We spent probably 30 minutes in all...including applying stickers.  Not bad considering all of the experiences I had read.", 5.0
"The best news is that our son actually will be able to ride for a while!  Even though he is tall (43") for his age, he still needed the seat to sit closest to the handle bars so that his feet could reach the pedals.  He will be able to adjust it two more times!!", 4.0
"Now we will see how much wear and tear the Big Wheel can take!  Already it has made quite a few trips down a very rough and rocky sidewalk.  I'm certain this Big Wheel is going to get a good work out often!  I am quite pleased with this purchase, and glad I was not deterred completely by the experiences of others.", 5.0
"We ordered the big wheel because my 4 year old was having trouble pedaling his big boy bike.  He loves his big wheel and rides and crashes into everything.  Glad we bought it for him.", 5.0
"My son loves his big wheel as much as I loved mine when I was a kid. However, just like when I was younger the seat eventually broke off, and there is a flat part in the front tire. Despite this, he still loves to ride his Big Wheel.  They are just a fun classic toy", 4.0
"We were very pleased with the Big Wheels we purchased. We wanted one that was like we had when we were little and this was just the one.", 5.0
"My nephew loves it.", 5.0
"My [...] year old loves this!  He zooms around on it fast.  I also had a problem with the pedal falling off. My husband hammered it in good and now it doesn't fall off.  The seat on ours broke too.  My son only had it a couple weeks when this happened.  He still loves it and rides around on it.  He took the seat off and rode it like that a lot before the seat broke.  I  have to go buy a replacement seat. Overall I think it's still a fun thing for the kids.  My [...] year old likes to ride his brothers big wheel too.", 5.0
"I purchased this item for my 2 year old's birthday.  Unfortunately he is not quite big enough to reach the pedals, but his older brother (almost 4) loves it.  He is zipping around the driveway and we even put out pieces of plywood for 'jumps'.  He has used it all summer with zero problems.", 5.0
"I read the complaints about the durability and was concerned about purchasing the big wheel, but there is not alternative product out there in the same price range.  I decided to go for it and I'm glad I did.  Make no mistake - assembly is a pain.  Everything went smooth except getting the pedals on.  I ended up taking it into my shop and bracing it on my work bench while I tapped the pedal into position with a hammer.  I was worried about breaking the plastic with the hammer, but using extra caution I was able to get the pedal COMPLETELY into place.  I suspect that anyone who had problems with the pedals falling off only got the pedal on partway. It took 10-15 minutes to get these pedals on and I couldn't pull them off if I tried.", 5.0
"If you're looking at the big wheel for your little one, I say go for it.  Instructions should say 'patience required', but take a deep breath, do it right the first time, and then sit back and enjoy watching your kids have a blast zipping up and down the driveway", 5.0
"I purchase a Big Wheels for my grandson, it arrived needing assembly, the instructions were easy to follow, the product is of the same fine quality as the one purchased for my sons, 25 years ago, I did have to order 2 parts that did not seem to want to be assembled, the replacement parts came very quickly by mail and a phone call from the company alerting us the part was on the way, over all very satisfied,", 4.0
"I also was a owner of the original big wheel and bought two of these for my grandchildren.  They are of poor quality--nothing like the original and they do not hold up for little rough boys.  I had two sons and they did everything possible to the original and it just kept rolling---NOT so with this on", 4.0
"I was concerned when the package arrived, as there was a four inch tear in the box along with an empty round hole, suggesting to me that something else might have been supposed to be included.  So I put the item together, and it didn't work.  It turns out that, when the batteries were replaced,  it is one of my grandson's favorite toys this season.  I am sure he would give it a five star rating", 5.0
"I WAS HUNGRY AND ORDER A CARRT.THIS WUG WAS I GOT. IT DIDNT RAKE THE LEVES, DONT WORRY ABOUT IT CHUCL. I GOT ME A BLOWER NOW.", 5.0
"WE ARENT FRIENS", 4.0
"I have this in th the house for my 23 month old twins and they love it.  I find it very sturdy & it looks adorable.  I have to fight to keep my 6 year old off of it too because he loves it as well", 5.0
"I bought this slide for my son who is 14 mths old. He has special needs, so isn't quite ready for it yet, but my daughter, 4 yrs. old, has really been enjoying it. Kids of all ages that come over for playdates have a blast on it too. They love to just keep climbing up and sliding down, over and over again. It is very cute and bright too.", 4.0
"This slide was a big hit with my 17 month old Granddaughter! It is stable when she climbs on it and lets her land on her bottom rather than feet. It folds and unfolds easily for storage.", 5.0
"I loved it when I purchased it online and it met every expections I had with this slide. Great slide and just as great design BUT when slide is in upright postion and locked it is VERY UNSTABLE and UNSAFE. It can be easily be knoked over even by an infant or it can just easily tip over when child tries to climb it or slide it. You have to physically hold both carrots by your hands to keep it stable while child is trying to play. Just one oversight incidence by the parents, child will get hurt. Since, I do like the product otherwise, I am trying to figure out a way to mount the legs on ground before I can allow this to be used. Please do not buy this unless you have a way to mount the base on the ground somehow.", 5.0
"My daughter is 21mnths- she loves the carrot faces, all her toys get slide rides- it is a fast slide but she goes down even on her tummy.  great product", 5.0
"My twins got this for Christmas and they love it! Its super easy to set up and very stable and safe.", 5.0
"We bought this for our youngest daughter, then age 18 months. Now at age 4, she still likes to play with the slide. We're glad we went with the larger 2-step slide instead of one of the smaller one-steps slides. A smaller slide would have ended up in a yard sale by now.", 5.0
"This was our first experience with a Chicco product and, overall, I'd say we've been pleased. Except for the locking mechanism, the construction is high quality and very durable. The locking mechanism (which is supposed to keep the slide from folding up on itself) fell apart within just a few weeks of being pounded on by my rambunctious little girl. This hasn't been a problem, however, because the wide stance of the slide prevents it from folding up on itself anyway.", 5.0
"When it comes to the "cute factor," this slide wins hands-down over all the others. However, that's an adult's perspective. Our daughter couldn't care less what it's shaped like or what color it is. She would play with it regardless of these factors.", 5.0
"One other reviewer cautioned about letting children play on the slide unsupervised. I'd say that's true, but would apply to *any* slide and not just this one. Our daughter found all sorts of creative uses for this toy not envisioned by the manufacturer. She loves to jump off the top of it and use it as a ladder to get on top of her chest of drawers. It's not a toy for the faint of heart--and I'm talking about parents", 4.0
"I got this for my 2 year old daughter and she has loved it from day one. It's of good quality construction and very light so it can be moved easily. She goes up the steps and down the slide or up the slide and down the steps !", 5.0
"I bought this for my dad. It looked stylish, had a light, etc. Once it came I realized the screen was very pale, and it made it extremely hard to read. In order to navigate you had to move in a grid, you couldn't just point to a square. The game also made noise independently, without being in use, and while OFF. I ended up returning it to the store.", 5.0
"I give it a two, because it has nice options for levels, and a simple to use design.", 5.0
"I'm pretty happy with my purchase of Sudoku. It was a little complicated at first but after reading thru the directions several times I was able to play the game.Other than the problems I had getting started the game is everything I expected", 4.0
"MY son is 8 & loves making bugs. He will spend a good part of the day working with it. As a mom of a child that needs a little help with fine motor skills the squeezing of the tube & the little bit of skill to fill in the small areas is good work for him. However the Glow-in-the Dark type does not bake as well as the basic", 4.0
"My son loved the movie so he just got sucked into the game on a 4 hour car ride it kept him busy for about 1 1/2 hours", 4.0
"This Monsters Inc. Leap Pad Books is my 6 year old son's hands down favorite! Although he has other leap pad books, this is the one he returns to time and again. He started by playing the games and then began reading along with the story. Highly recommended product, even fun for adults to play.", 4.0
"Unfortunately, this is my least favorite Leap Pad Book --- The screaming of the characters really gets on my nerves.  Leap Pad has many other books that are enjoyable to play", 5.0
"My 6 year old loved it. To many games on it not enough learning materia", 5.0
"My 7 year old son received a Leap Pad for Christmas.  He received the Monsters, Inc. book for his Birthday.  He spends hours with this book.  Within a couple weeks he already had most of the words memorized.  His reading improves everyday", 5.0
"Monsters, Inc. was a big hit with our family, so I had to pick this book up for my 4 year old daughter (even though it's recommended for 6-8).  She loves this, and wants to play with it every day.  A few of the games are hard for her, but mostly, it's no problem.  She is a good reader, so the reading part is fine", 5.0
"Let me just get this off my chest. Ponies have hooves. They cannot even try to hold sundae dishes. So let's take the pointless accessories out of my review and carry on. I like this castle. Needs no assembly. We love the way the magic wand opens it up. The magnetic stage is a neat idea and my four year old can operate it easily. But just one more moan. Would it have killed them to include one pony? Like one of those pictured on the box? Thank goodness I pre-empted a situation of high drama and searched out the exact pony to purchase separately. Years of dealing with this sort of issue heightens a mum's awareness of inevitable disappointment. How dare you expect to get a pony! Here - have two spoons and a punchbowl instead!", 4.0
"Like many others, my 3 year old daughter received this for Christmas. She received the castle that was packaged w/3 bonus ponies. The castle feels solid and is easy for her to open & close. She likes the option of using the wand to open the castle or pushing the button above the doors instead. She enjoys putting her ponies or other toys in it. I also like that she can close up many of her ponies in it for the evening and everything is confined into one little space. She can even carry it from one room to another that way. The problems: there really isn't room to play IN the castle with the few small accessories it comes with, some of the accessories are very small, the magnet on the dance floor is a little difficult to manuever. None of these issues bother my daughter, though. She loves the castle, which makes it money well spent", 1.0
"My kids play with this constantly. This is very durable, my kids are constantly opening and shutting it and I have no problems with it at all. They love that they can put their ponies on the dance floor and move them around. This encourages creativity", 5.0
"Santa bought this (along with one other large gift) as a joint gift for my two oldest daughters ages 6 and 3. They both LOVE it.. I got it when it was on sale for $40 and it came with 3 bonus ponies (so I scored!)", 5.0
"They can stay up in their room and play with this for hours, and since they have so many ponies (i believe we are at nearly 40 ponies!) this is a wonderful addition to the two other little pony sets they have. Needless to say, it was happily accepted... and the wand is awsome.. we all tend to play with the wand just to hear the noise. Which is cool, I even get a great deal of enjoyment playing with it with the girls.. ^_^", 5.0
"The castle is cheaply made and comes with so few accesories worthy of mention and without the types of accessories that would make it something fun to play with.  My daughter has hardly even played with hers, with the exception of opening and closing the castle just to hear the sound!  She also noticed on her own that the apecial "wand" used to open the castle was not like the one in the adverstisement...."Mommy, there's no crystal on my wand, look!"  Also, the dance floor so weak it's nearly impossible for my 5 year old to even manuever.  A definite disappointment for the $", 4.0
""Santa" brought this to my 5 year old daughter for Christmas.  It's extremely easy to put together - all you do is take it out of the box.  My daughter can easily get the floors to open or close.  As well as opening each side.  The only downside to this is there are not many accessories for the castle.  But she doesn't seem to mind.  I've always been impressed by My Little Pony's products and I was with this one as well.  Would definitely recommend it", 5.0
"This product was a Christmas gift for my daughter and it did not disappoint. It runs on magnets so no batteries required and it gives her a wonderful place to play pretend with all her toys not just her ponies", 5.0
"Never having purchased a large toy like this for my 3 year old, I was hesitant on her reaction.  She loved it!  The toy is compact for easy storage as well as easy for my daughter to open and close.  I would have liked to seen more products included with the castle.  It was quite an expense to purchase the accessories needed to truly make the castle enjoyable.  I'm happy to see that my daughter still enjoys her Christmas present and asks to play "ponies" everyday", 5.0
"This toy is really cool. My 3 1/2 year old daughter got it from her Pap-pap for Christmas. The only reason I'm not giving it the full 5 stars is that for the price,$59.95+tx, it should have TOTALLY come with a dinner table, like in the picture, or a free pony. I also wish you didn't have to push in the purple platforms on the top level before closing the thing up tight. If you try to close it with the purple platforms protruding, you could break the purple platforms. The wand idea to make it open up into a castle is an excellent concept. My daughter loves her castle. It is really really cute. Just wish it came with more for the price", 5.0
"We have the old Celebration castle and were looking to replace it because things that look nice were constantly falling off. This is really nice and doesn't have any external decorative things that can fall off and frustrate my daughter. Read the directions though! The old castle opened out without batteries required. I knew this one required batteries for some lights and music number I assumed, but no. You need the batteries to make the castle pop open. Learn from me and insert the batteries right away! Other than that which was my operator error,it's a great toy that is already much better than the old one. I would have given it 4 stars because there really should be an alternate way of opening it besides batteries but my daughter loves it and wanted it to get 5 stars", 4.0
"I wish I had gotten her a doll head instead.  She had more fun with her sisters Bling, Bling Stylin' head doll", 5.0
"Santa brought this item to my daughter for Chrismas and she was so excited to get it. She wanted it open as soon as she recieved it.  When we finally got it open and everything all set up and read the instructions nothing that it said it did worked.  The hair did not change color and the eyeshadow didn't come off.  We tried even using ice cubes instead of the little curling iron thing that came with it.  Still no luck.  My daughter still plays with it but it is not her favorite toy", 1.0
"List price is almost $30.It was on sale for $9.99 at Amazon.My 5 year old chose this toy online and she likes it.The crown and jewel stickers are pretty,but the hairclips don't really work.When she runs the curling iron through the hair nothing happens,because the water isn't cold enough to turn it pink.The ice cubes were too big to fit in the curling iron,so I just set a cup of ice water for her to dip the brush into.", 1.0
"My daughter just HAD to have this head, we opened it up and discovered that the eyeshadow stuff doesn't change color and neither does the hair, (yes we followed the instructions for this) a lot of the little hair accessories broke within the first day, and it's nearly impossible for my daughter to use them in her hair, so that frustrated her. I definately would not purchase one of these again. It now just sits in her closet, oh well!", 1.0
"Our daughter got this for her birthday and loves it! The hair changes color with COLD water, I add an ice cube to help it. She loves to style the hair hair with her clips and pony holders as well as the ones it came with. I like that it wasn't just another doll head. This is a great toy", 2.0
"My 5 uear old loved it, so did her 11 year old sister though she hates to admit it. Great value and fun for at least an hour. It is cute that the accessories can be shared", 1.0
"Tie was the right color for the third and fourth movies and in perfect condition.", 5.0
"This product was better than I expected. The quality and color were great", 5.0
" As previously stated, the colors are not quite right. Also, my son wore it for only fifteen minuets when we noticed the stitching comming apart down the back seam. He should have at least gotten a whole Halloween's worth out of it", 5.0
"This is a really good tie but it doesn't really go with the third movie that much.", 5.0
"This is a fun, interesting party game for large groups. I would highly reccomend this product", 5.0
"Guaranteed fun.  Everytime I played (especially when it was my turn to read the answers out loud), I was literally in tears. I learned alot from this game...very educational", 5.0
"My family and I are board-game fanatics.  At first we werent sure as to whether or not to try this game, we've had it for YEARS.  One night my older brother decided that we have to try it atleast once...When we did, we couldn't stop laughing.  This game as earned a spot next to Monopoly, Balderdash, Uno, and Scattergories(sp?).  Don't think...BUY!!", 5.0
"Talk about your off the wall questions that you always wondered upon but just never knew the answers too with a twist of some question you do have a clue too.", 5.0
"It's funny to hear what people make up at the spur of the moment and almost scary to hear people you know lie so well that you believe their very answer as if it was a given fact.  Its also extremely impressive when you or someone actually knows the answer.", 4.0
"I played this game with a group of people ranging from 41 to 14, we all enjoyed it.  The first time we played we had teams, so dont stop up to six players, its still just as fun with a group, but diffidently more fun as individual.", 5.0
"There was a few times one member in the group would draw a blank to even begin to answer, the first time this happen, the player's answer was "Its a government conspiracy."  Which became a running gag when anyone ever drew a blank for a bluff answer.", 5.0
"Malarky begins with a question, only one person in the room will have the correct answer, you dont know whom has it till after the round has ended.  You go around the table and everyone bluffs their way through it along with the correct answer.  Than all players guess afterwards to whom spoke the rightful answer..... than the truth comes to be known to who is able to lie through their teeth...ha!  Points are won by guessing the rightful answer.", 5.0
"Have fun, laugh a little, and always make time to play", 4.0
"I am 26 and I played this game with my husband and my grandparents while on vacation and we loved it.  We rented a beachhouse and it was one of the games that was there so we have decided to purchase it for more family fun", 5.0
"I bought this game for some family members for our "Family Game Night."  We try to all get together every couple of months and we are always looking for new & fun games.   This game has become a must for each gathering.  We can't stop laughing the whole time.  Part of the fun is not taking this game too seriously.  I highly recommend this game", 5.0
"This game is awesome!  I played it with some friends and now I've been looking for it everywhere....I found it here!  It's so much fun to play.  Not only do you learn that your friends actually KNOW weird stuff, you learn weird stuff too!!!!", 5.0
"This is a tough thing to teach in schools these days with the push to teach to the tests.  As a teacher, I want to at least expose my own children to these types of skills that teach them how to think", 5.0
"All of my children have enjoyed Mighty Minds.  Now on the child #3, we are missing some of the tiles so I am ordering "Super" so that I will have more tiles and different cards. A great learning toy", 5.0
"I first saw this item on amazon.com but I didn't know what it was then I bought it for halloween. When I was online looking at stuff I read the discription more carfuly and iI figured out that this was my coustume now I'm going to scare the the pants off my little sitters friend. She HATES Darth Vader and I also have the voice changer and she HATES that also. Tonight is halloween and I will scare little kids. My friend is also Darth Vader, and my other friend is the grim reaper. But back to the subject. I really do like this toy it's alot of fun and it's so cool", 5.0
"I didn't read the fine print and missed "accessory boxed set".  This contains a mask, VERY SMALL cape, and light saber.  It does NOT include any pants.  The cape on a 4'8" boy only went down to the waist -- not down to the knees, so the label that it's one size fits all is very deceptive.   Not sure why an "accessory boxed set" would include the cape and top portion of the costume.   Accessories would be items like a saber gloves, and perhaps a voice changer add on.   Anyway, this is a rip off and don't waste your time buying this for anyone over 3 feet tall.   I'm returning this one.", 1.0
"this toy has got to be the coolest thing ever created by mankind!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! to bad there not free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 2.0
"My 11 month old son received this for Christmas and he loves it.  He loves to watch the animals pop up and make noises.  It's fun to watch his face light up and hear him squeel with delight when he hits one of the buttons and the animal pops up", 1.0
"This is a great toy for teaching little ones cause and effect. We got it for my son at 6 months and he's loved it since the very beginning. He figured out two of the buttons right away and was able to trigger them himself, unlike similar toys from other companies which are much harder to trigger. He was so excited to see the animals pop up and hear the music when he pushed the little lever or pulled the little ring. Now, at 16 months, he still plays with it sometimes, and know the animals and their sounds. Overall it's a great toy that will last your child a long time", 5.0
"This toy is very good because it helps kids learn sounds of the animals. My daughter likes to make the animals pop up and then enjoys putting them back down again, She laughs each time they pop up and make a sound. It is overall a great buy and not too loud, like some of the toys they have around.", 1.0
" This has been one of my son's favorite toys if not his favorite for about 5 mos now. When I bought this for him he didnt know how to pop up the bobble heads but that didnt matter to him because once I showed him how to open it he was fascinated with those little heads. He quickly mastered closing each one.The music suprisingly is also activated when you hit the bobble head as well as hitting the knobs/buttons so he could still enjoy it even if he was still learning to open it.", 4.0
"Out of all the money spent on toys this 14.99 toy has surpassed my expectations and is still being played with every day, several times a day", 5.0
"My oldest daughter received this when she was about 5.  That's a great age to get this.", 1.0
"We love this game.  It's a fun game, even for the adults who have to play along.  We can play this for hours on end if the kids feel like it and not tear our hair out.", 5.0
"Great game to help build a child's thinking skills.", 5.0
"A wonderful gift for to have handy for ages 5-8, or so.  They'll play it for years.", 5.0
"I used to love this game and always lose.  I had fun recently teaching my 4 year old how to play.  She loved it and it is a game of elimination.  It also helps with noticing different characteristics and colors.", 5.0
"Downside: Had to put the darn board together..... that took like 30 minutes out of my day", 5.0
"My daughter got this for Christmas and loves it! Her and her friends play all the time", 5.0
"Who would have thought this would be the hit of Christmas.  Lots of fun for all ages 6, 8, 10, 43.  Tons of competition and lots of ways to make it more challenging.  After two days of playing with it non-stop, my husband says, "I haven't lost yet!" I looked at the 6, 8, and 10 year old and said, "Super, honey!" Great game, lots of fun", 5.0
"This was a great game for my son and I to play together. He's in kindergarten and was having some trouble with following direction and listening to details. This game has helped him to concentrate while we're having fun.", 5.0
"I gave this to my 5-year old grandaughter for Christmas...she received many games but kept bringing this one out to play over and over.  Great game for having fun and teaching the power of deduction at the same time.  It's a fairly quick game and she got the hang of it quickly.  The only negative (and why I gave it a 4 instead of a 5) is I wish the cards had come already placed in the frames...it took me a while to get it together", 5.0
"I truly enjoy playing this game with my 5 year old. She has greatly improved her reasoning skills while playing this game and asking yes or no questions about their physical appearance to deduce the character on my card.  It helps her observation skills and, it has also exposed her to pictures of people of differing ethnicity.  That allowed us to have a conversation that helped me teach her how to properly and politely describe their appearance, potentially avoiding embarassing episodes down the road.  You never know what a child that age will say and where they will say it, so it was an unexpected benefit of this game for it to lead to that conversation", 5.0
"i haven't played this game in about 12 years, but it came up in conversation the other day that at least one of the characters was black. however, neither of us can remember if this is true or not? i said it couldn't be true because  nobody would be able to win if they chose the one black character, and i'm pretty sure i remember them all as being white men and women. can anyone verify whether or not this is true? i have no life", 5.0
"THIS DOLL IS JUST WAY TOOO CUTE! I LOVE HER LONG BLONDE HAIR AND THE BRAIDS IN FRONT ARE A NICE TOUCH. HER OUTFIT IS SUPER-CUTE AS SHE PROUDLY DISPLAYS MICKEY MOUSE ON HER T-SHIRT AND IS ALSO WEARING THE CUTEST LITTLE DENIM-LIKE MINI-SKIRT. I ALSO LIKE THE STRIPED SOCKS/STOCKINGS AND THE SHOES. PLUS YOU GET A BONUS KEY-CHAIN FOR YOU OR YOUR LITTLE GIRL. THIS IS A MUST BUY!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"I got this game for my son who just completed kindergarten, and begged for it.  I thought it was a bit beyond him, as he just learned to read and write this past school year, but he is rapidly learning to recognize and differentiate correct from incorrect words, and he LOVES it.  I guess the lure of Spiderman makes even spelling fun, reading the same story over and over.", 2.0
"My son and I had great expectations for this game; our expectations quickly turned in to disappointment.  This "game" is really hard to call a game.  It's more like one long reading exercise.  Unlike many of the other L-Max games, wherein you learn the modules through interactive play, with this one you have to read and read and read the same story over again.  Once you complete the story, you can then go to another area to "unlock" the game.  Then in order to play the "game" you have to read some more. This is not the type of game where you can standby and provide guidance when needed, I found myself reading page, after page, after page, just to figure out for myself the objective of the "game" and then try to explain it to my son.  I felt the money I paid for this game was a waste, no wonder when I went to purchase it, it was the only one in stock. Buyers beware", 5.0
"The instructions were a bit confusing, so we just made up our own rules that were a variation from the original instructions.", 4.0
"However, this game produced a lot of laughs. There are always requests to bring it on game nights.", 5.0
"This is a VERY fun game for kids and adults of all ages - what a GREAT gift", 2.0
"I wanted something for the adults to play at Christmas that would definitely make people laugh.  This definitely hit the spot.  We played with eight people, of which four of them had already had their share of drinks, and that just made it all the more fun.  Listening to someone try to figure out the phrases can be hilarious.  For anyone who actually knows how to have a good time and wants to have fun, this game will do it.  I played later with my twelve year old, and it was just as fun with her. She can't wait to play it with her friends, and my eighteen year old daughter can't wait to take it and play with her friends.  It's a good laugh for a lot of different ages", 1.0
"Our family likes to play this game together.  Kids should be at least 13 or some phrases may not make sense.  It's fun to play with a few couples", 1.0
"I played this game for thie first time at a family gathering. There were players from three groups-late teens, twenty somethings, and forty somethings. We laughed and laughed trying to figure out the phrases. With good food, tasty drinks, family and friends, this game was a big hit", 1.0
"Our family loves this game.  It creates tons of laughter as players try to figure out the puzzles.  Everyone has a great time and it is challenging even for some of the "brains" in the family.  Highly recommended. A++", 1.0
"This is a great game for a college dorm late night gathering. And be sure and bring it home with you on break to play with your parents!  A laugh a minute, if you are able to laugh at yourself and enjoy lauging at your friends.", 5.0
"it really fun and enjoyable.", 5.0
"it is very educated to children and brings out the creative side out of us children.", 1.0
"it is really fun", 4.0
"We bought this tunnel for our daughter's first birthday.  She loves to crawl under things, so we thought this would be great for her.  She was a little unsure of the tunnel at first, but soon realized that she could crawl through it and play in it.  Now she loves it!  Her cousin (2 years) also loves playing with it.  I would recommend this tunnel--I love that I can see through it and see where she is", 1.0
"I got this for my 9 month old who has mastered basic crawling.   She loves to have her "secret" hideaway and I love that I can still see her. She'll pull toys or snacks into the middle of the tunnel and play.  We have fun as I chase her through the house and she always makes the tunnel part of the route. She just learned that if she faces towards the fabric, she can crawl and use it like a hamster ball.  Sometimes when she crawls through, I start to move it side-to-side for a challenge.  She really enjoys compensating for the movement.", 5.0
"I ordered this online for my out-of-town one year old niece's birthday. She is a first grandchild, first great-grandchild and it's really hard to buy for her, especially since I don't live in the same city. I took a chance and got this even though the recommended age was 2 or older. It was a HUGE success according to pictures I've gotten and the thank you from the parents who said they only had 2 words to describe it--"IT ROCKS!"", 4.0
"Older kid cousins also enjoyed it", 5.0
"We gave it to our son on his 1st birthday and he loved it right from the beginning. His brother (2 1/2 years old) enjoys it too. I'm glad that I got one that has the see through mesh so that I can monitor their play. They are usually in it together. They also like me playing with them and the mesh helps with that.", 4.0
"I only gave it 4 stars because it doesn't hold their attention for a long time, usually 30 minutes at the most", 5.0
"Great toy.  My daughter (who just turned 1), has a tunnel that is enclosed on all sides.  She would't go into the tunnel and was afraid of the enclosure.  This tunnel allows her to see out as well as for us to see her when she is inside.  She loves it!!", 4.0
"I bought these mugs to give to grandparents as Christmas gifts.  They came in great condition with easy to understand instructions and the markers.  My children, 7,4, and 2 had no problems using the markers to decorate the mugs.  They dried right away and the colors were nice.  It was a great way to personalize a Christmas gift", 1.0
"These are great inventions!  My girls didn't put them down and learned alot from them.  These are a great investment", 5.0
"Fun toy, only grievance is that the tree where you pour the water into- its difficult to air this out completely.  Ours wound up with mold inside and you cant take it apart to clean it", 5.0
"Cute tub toy and very durable but not worth $14.99 in my opinion. I do like that there are no holes in the characters for the water to get into.", 2.0
"My son loved this as a baby and now he's turning three and still plays with it!  He loves the tree shower and the whale cup.  This is a great, durable toy that kids continue to play with as they get older.  Highly Recommend!", 4.0
"My baby is 12 months old. We have had this toy for 3 months. He plays with the characters all the time, esp elmo. he loves to put Elmo on the island and anything else that will fit. My one complaint with this toy is only Elmo and the tree have secure fitting space on the island. All the other pieces slide off the island at the slightest touch or bump. Other than that it has not molded and the island has not taken on water as one reviewer reports theirs did. I wish the manufacturers would make the peices fit together better", 5.0
"children attracted to the sesame characters but not interested in putting together the pieces, even after adult demonstratio", 1.0
"With the first use the yellow island gets water in it and won't come out.  Then each bath more water acculates til it won't float.  Inside the tree its supposed to swirl it usually don't.  Just not fun for my 1 year old or 3 year old plus  the island is large an bulkiy to store in the bathroom", 1.0
"I think this toy is more fun for me in the tub than for my daughter, 17 months. I use the Palm tree as a shower when I wash her hair! She might play with Elmo or Ernie for a few minutes.  Mostly she throws them to get them out of the way for her to use the big plain bucket that I have had since she was born.  I'm sure there is a better tub toy out there that will get them more involved with water play", 1.0
"These little critters are so cute and the hot toy of the year with the pre-school set. My 5 year old adores them and the babies are so cute. Mini magnet make it seem like you are "feeding" your littlest pet", 4.0
"Our 3 year old has had Wedgits and Magneatos and loves those. We debated about which Superstructs set to purchase and went with the largest one which was a wise move.  Superstructs were a huge hit.  They are holding up well despite rough, daily use.  The only improvement I would like to see is in the consruction of the container.  After three months it is starting to fall apart.  I would have gladly spent a bit more to get a better storage container.  Other than that, they are a great toy that fosters hours of imaginative play for the entire family.  We will be adding to the set soon", 1.0
"I'm just ordering our third set of these for my daughter (8), my sons (ages 6,4,2) and my husband(an engineer).  They play with them nearly constantly and the range of creations possible is nearly infinite.  We are a family that enjoys construction/building toys and have dozens of different sets.. I'd say Superstructs has reigned as #1 since we got them last year.", 1.0
"They are less breakable than Tinker Toys (no splinters!), and hold up really well to everything but being chewed by our boxer dog, so a very sturdy and well made toy.", 4.0
"Great for getting children to think outside the box and a very fine multi use toy.  We've seen airplanes, cars, trucks, buildings, dolls, robots, aliens, strollers, pretend hats.. you name it.  The mark of a truly great toy is that it can be played with in many ways.  Superstructs is such a toy.", 5.0
"Buy it, play with it, and enjoy", 4.0
"i got these for my great-granddaughter who is amazed by dora and so her mother decorated her room with dora stuff and she just had her 3rd birthday on june 10th and everyone got her dora stuff..i have not had a chance to give the dolls to her but i think she will love them...i sure liked the quality and would like to be notified of any more specials like that you would have..i have 2 other great-grandchildren..one boy and another girl..so let me know of the sales..thanks pat corn", 5.0
"They are exactly as how they were described.  My granddaughter who is close to four years old really enjoys using her imagination with them.  They are small enough for her to carry in her "purse" or to play with them in the car.  I am very pleased with my purchase", 4.0
"My daughter loves Dora and she was so excited to get all these dolls all at once", 4.0
"Great for collection !!!!! Adorable mini dolls. My daughter loves them !!!! Highly recommended!!", 5.0
"I got these for my 3 1/2 year old daughter who loves Dora.  She really likes them.  They are a perfect little size for her.  She puts them in her purse and carries them around.  I didn't realize they have the real feeling hair which is cute, my daughter likes to comb it.  They are just really cute and I highly recommend them for any Dora fan.  I bought another set and will give them to my niece for her 3rd birthday this month", 4.0
"Ours never worked. We turn on the button, a giggle, then nothing. The little fairy doesn't really play with the environment much - there's not a lot to do with it. I'm not sure why this is so expensive since it doesn't do much but sit there. The only thing my daughter has found to do with it is to lose the detachable fake leaves.  I can't get the spokes at top to stay in it either. By far, the worst toy purchase I've ever made", 1.0
"I would have liked to see more fairies included.  The fairies I purchased separately were too heavy to fly and did not come with anything to hook them up with.", 2.0
"The Disney fairies are very cute and it's inventive to have Tinkerbell living in a teapot.  But little details like rather cheesy leaves on the tree that can be removed -- and then break at the stem -- should be reviewed by the manufacturer.  Overall, a good buy and a delightful start to the Fairy world", 5.0
"My husband got this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter for Christmas, and while it's not perfect, we have had a lot of fun with it so far!  Sure, it takes 10 minutes to heat up, but that's not a big deal.  It doesn't make much at a time, but we just keep adding sugar every minute or so and it makes as much as we want!  It might not be as fun for an older child, but for a toddler, she LOVES it!  She can't eat it any faster than it comes out anyway...and it's a great reward for her!  We used it today as her reward for taking a nap, and she was so thrilled", 4.0
"I almost didn't buy this cotton candy maker because of the poor reviews but our unit works like a dream!  We plugged in our unit after pulling it out of the box, pushed the toggle switch to on, waiting the 10 minutes for the motor to warm up, poured a teaspoon of table sugar into the spinner and within 30 seconds we had cotton candy!  The consistancy was a little heavier than the professionally spun cotton candy you'd get at the fair but I didn't expect much better.  The spinner shield helps contain the mess but you'll still have little sugar crystals jump out of the bowl, I had one pop up in my eye while we were figuring out the process.  We accidently added the sugar before we were supposed to but it still turned out, so it's pretty much fool proof to create perfect cotton candy.  There were some sugar crystals in the finished cotton candy but not a huge amount, it didn't detract from the magical fluffy candy.  My kids sure didn't care, they were pulling small handfuls out constantly.  The machine ran for about 15 minutes with repeated batches made back to back.  We shut the machine off because we'd had our fill of our sugar high and we were afraid to ask too much of this wonder machine.  I'd buy this machine again for sure and know we'll get more than our money out of it.  We ended up with a star performing machine the first time, unlike other reviewers who tried repeated units to find one that worked as it should.  Recommended!", 5.0
"My daughter wants this cotton candy machine as a Christmas gift, so I bought it for her and it is excellent.   We try it today and it is perfect. Obviously that this a toy and you can't pretend to make a lot of cotton candies", 5.0
"Santa brought this toy for my daughter who is 5... we have not experienced the overheating like in the past reviews but we have experienced the small amount made. It's fine if everyone just wants one bite!", 5.0
"It was a great price and a great find.  I love it, and I have completed my Disney Cars collection thanks to Amazon!!", 5.0
"These die cast cars are built well. They are surviving what my 20 month old sons puts them through. I went to the disney website instead. They are WAY CHEAPER there. But then again the demand is huge", 5.0
"This was the hardest car in the cars movie to find.  I've been looking for this one since before the movie came out in the theatres.  I found him at Target.  Try and keep trying, you might find him, too.  When he is there, there is only one per box.", 4.0
"These cars are so nice and my son loves to play with them all.  Sarge is no exception.  He is great and the details are nice.  Sarge is made of mostly metal and the top of his jeep is plastic.  Seems very sturdy.  Good for little hands", 1.0
"My four-year-old loves her Dora Castle, and the magnetic "magic wand" accessories are very slick", 5.0
"I got this for my son's four year old birthday.  He hasn't stopped playing with it yet!  He LOVES it.  The box is a little misleading because it says the set includes an "articulated Diego".  I thought it meant that the Diego character included talked.  No, the computer attached to the rescue center talks in Diego's voice. Not a big deal.  It has been a great way for him to express his creative play.  Little sister sees it as another dollhouse..", 4.0
"I bought this for my 4 yr old. He wanted it so bad, but for $[...] I didn't think he would play with it long enough to be worth it. When I found it on amazon for $[...], I decided to get it. He loves it and I have to say it is well made and the pieces are big enough for my 22 mth old to play with too. The only reason I said 4 stars, is that the "porch" part does fall off with a little preassure, but it isn't really an important part of the center. If your little one loves Diego, I would say they would love this toy", 5.0
"One of our sons got this from his Christmas money.  He is 7, but loves animals and the rainforest and Diego.  His brother, who is 6, teased him for getting it but now plays with it too as well as their two-year-old sister.  Glad price has dropped to more appropriate level - wish we would have gotten it for $19.99.  Great fun for slightly older Diego/ animal lovers", 4.0
"This fun little toy is a fun little toy, but its legs, and feet come off way too much.  And I mean alot.  And if you move the legs to much, it gets harder to move.  Other then that, kids love it. If your kid doesn't mind to put pieces back together a couple of times, this is a good toy for you", 5.0
"the rackshi are the best. They are the sons of shadow and Pain. this is the first one I have and got a level 6 out of 6 Kraata(a machenical slug that powers them). I can't wait until the movie comes out. Also they all come with a cd for a 3D view of the seventh toa and the lerahk,preview for game and movie,cg mini movies, and a link to bionicle.com. Get One!!", 5.0
"The Rahkshi are easily the best Bionicle toys on the market. I prefer Lerahk, since he's green and his staff is cool. NOTE: some parts of the sample pictures might make it look a little less "cool". First off, each points of the staff face the same way. Second, Both Lerahks hip joints are green. The picture portrays one of them as red. (I guess the builders lost a part or something. Any , I highly recommend Lerahk, as well as the other 5 Rahksh", 5.0
"This pad is shown with the All Terrain Cargo Wagon as "Better Together" but it does not fit!", 4.0
"A fine accessory for a metal wagon with tiny cargo.  The padding could be a little denser but it still serves my purpose.  It provides warmth and extra cushioning to baby's bottom adding some stability/slip resistance", 4.0
"My husband and I gave this (with the Radio Flyer Wagon) to our almost two-year old grandson for Christmas this year.  His parents probably appreciated the pad more than the wagon since they don't have to scramble for blankets, ect. when taking him for a wagon ride.  It is a perfect fit for the wagon and seems to be very durable.", 5.0
"We bought this pad to go with the Radio Flyer Big Red Classic ATW and it fits perfectly.  It provides a good cushion instead of using a blanket, it stays put and it wipes clean.  We are very happy with this product", 5.0
"I purchased the all-terrain cargo wagon from toysrus and they referred me to you for ordering the umbrella and pad. I chose the pad only and it doesn't fit. I took it to the ranch where we are using the wagon and it is too short. Do you have a pad for the #29? Thanks for your hel", 5.0
"We bought this item for our daughter's birthday because she loves Schoolhouse Rock. After opening it and playing we discovered it was just the songs and one game? When you read about what is offered it says "games", we only found one on the whole thing, guess we misunderstood the whole principal of the cartridge. I ended up returning it because if I wanted her to watch the videos I would buy the Schoolhouse Rock DVD, which we did. Anyway, thought we should share this because when you read about it you expect games that have to do with the songs?", 5.0
"This is so awesome! I invited my friends over and I ofered them some lemonade. They didn't notice this bug in their ice cube until they finished their drinks. One girl saw the bug and shrieked at the top of her lungs and ran out of the living room.", 5.0
"If you're looking for a great practical joke, this is the right thing for you. I've NEVER fallen for one of these pranks, but I still it might be really creepy and disgusting as well as very surprising to find that you've just finished drinking something with a damn bug in it.", 5.0
"'Late", 5.0
"My 7 year old granddaughter loved getting this chou chou dress kit for Christmas. After presents were unwrapped, this is the one she chose to play with first. The kit is very easy to use. She loved designing the shirt, and added little hearts on the sleeves, too. I would buy more if they become available", 5.0
"i think this toy is made for kids just to have fun making fun deluxe clothing for their chou chou doll aka dolls are pretend real for people who think thiese dolls are real", 5.0
"My son is 13 month old and he still plays with it", 5.0
"I bought this to encourage more tummy time but my 4 month old doesn't care much for it. It doesn't stand up well and the handle to start the mouse moving is very hard to pull for a baby", 5.0
"I bought this for my little one when she was about 3 months old to help encourage her during tummy time.  I wasn't at all impressed with it after I had gotten it out of the packaging.  The thing always falls over and the pull string that makes the music start and the mouse go around are difficult to pull, particularly for little hands.  Now I've attached it to the side of the crib and she seems to like it better.  Definitely not worth the money", 4.0
"These were the very first Fisher Price Little People toys my son received. That was almost 2 yrs ago and he is still playing with them, they have never broke and he is very hard on his toys ( he has broken alot in his 3 years ) So now he owns a huge collection of Little People toys and is getting more for his birthday", 5.0
"These trucks don't have a whole lot of function, but they add a finishing touch to the crane and quarry. It was nice to have a few more trucks to go with that piece. It gives you a few more workers and boulders and they fit inside the crane and quarry building. My son loves them", 5.0
"My Brother bought this for my son's first birthday.  It was the hit of the party...and my son has not stopped playing with it!  He loves being able to crawl in and out of hit and to stare at us through the windows.  It is very easy to use and store.  We never would have thought to buy it--but we're so glad he received it", 5.0
"This is the best playhut toy..no poles Just flip open and have fun.. my one year old and my 10 month old LOVE this Bus..", 5.0
"I have this schoolbus set up in the bedroom of our 1 bedroom apartment and it's a favourite amongst other parents, children who come over to play, as well as my daughter to "hide into" for a little privacy. She is 2 1/2 yrs old and likes this alot---to either play in, or read a book in privacy. I find her doll in here sometimes, which shows she likes to take along her doll for a busride sometimes too. Great idea", 5.0
"My 2-year-old son got this for his birthday. He loves playing in it and loading it full of his stuffed animals. I think he will enjoy this for a long time. It is easy to fold up and stick behind the couch or some out-of-the-way place.", 5.0
"The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the material seems like it would be likely to rip if more than 2 or 3 kids were playing with it at the same time. When we have alot of kids come to our house I usually hide the bus! (especially if the children are older than 7 or so). So far the inflatable steering wheel has held up well. I noticed that other reviews complain of the steering wheel deflating or getting holes in it; thus far that hasn't been a problem for us.", 5.0
"This is a great toy, especially for the price", 5.0
"It is great, my kids (1 and almost 3) love it, we took it to grandma and grandpa's (because it folds absolutely flat and takes up NO space in the car) and everyone played in the bus.  It was the perfect birthday present for my nephew (5)(because he had so much fun in it at grandma and grandpa's.)  I continue to be amazed at the imagination of my kids for all the places the bus goes.  Yes, it could probably be sturdier, but it has not ripped or torn. I do still wonder, as mentioned in one review, why we got 2 steering wheels and the extra toggels on the exit door in the back.", 4.0
"These diapers work really well with the Baby Alive Doll.  The only problem I found is that the doll has to go to the bathroom so much and it gets really expensive buying these diapers.", 5.0
"We have already been through two packages of them in 4 days.  I really like them because they are the right size and have great absorbancy.  However, they are almost $1 a diaper", 5.0
"My daughter loves her doll but, the diapers are horrible. I used a coupon and bought a package of pampers size N.  They fit perfect and they don't lea", 5.0
"These diapers are horrible!!!  They leak constantly!  Don't waste your money on these!  I went ahead and bought a package of Huggies Newborn diapers (for real babies)and my daughter is using those on her Baby Alive instead.  They seem to work better, and are more economical than these things", 1.0
"What's great about this tunnel is that you can remove the segments and use it any way you like.  Right now I removed one of the segments and have it attached to my daughter's playhut, and the other 2 segments I have together as a single tunnel.  The material is very well made and I am confident will last until my 5 month old begins to play with it.  My 2 year old loves to crawl through this tunnel", 5.0
"I bought 3 of these games - one for my daughter and 2 as gifts.  Everybody gave the game rave reviews", 4.0
"This ia a great game for little ones. We have a 2 and a 4 year old who love to play this together, and it's easy for them to play without a grown up. They love the neat ruler used to measure the characters they build. All around a great game. Would make a nice gift", 4.0
"I like the swingset fairly well, and my daughter seems to like it too.  It seems very sturdy, and well made.  My first impression of it after I get it all put together was "man this is small".  The slide is very little.  But for the price compared with others, that should be somewhat expected.  Although the swingset was not that difficult to put together, the instructions were not super clear (you can go to Little Tikes website to view them).  Also, half of the plastic covers that go over the bolts broke while putting them on, and I was very careful with them.  My biggest problem was that the swingset was missing 3 of the 4 pivot joint swing hangers.  I called Little Tikes several times, but they were always either closed or at lunch.  When I finally did get through, I would get voicemail that told me to redial the number and press a different option.  I did finally get a person on the phone after about 12 attempts, and was told the parts I need are on backorder because the swingset is so new.  So, to sum up my experience with this set, here are my pros and cons:", 5.0
"Pros:  Sturdy, clean and nice looking, fun for my two year old, not as time consuming to put together as other sets.", 5.0
"Cons:  Instructions have vague pictures, no words.  Pictures of screws and bolts not actual size (makes it harder to tell if you are using the right hardware), missing parts, replacement parts on backorder, very small, customer service difficult to get in touch with.", 4.0
"If I had to do it all over, I might would buy this swingset again.  Even though it is small, it still serves its purpose, and my daughter loves it", 5.0
"My daughter got this for her 4th birthday, she loves to play with dolls, especially hair and has practically learn how to cornrow because of it. I like that it had accessories for her as well. Having a doll that is closer to her skin complexion is more realistic for her. Girls spend a lot of time with dolls and I don't want her to develop any complexes. I do wish there was some kind of storage unit in the base of the head to keep track of the accessories", 5.0
"Finally a doll that is not blonde haired and blue eyed! The world is a diverse place and my little girl has a medium to dark complection, dark hair and dark eyes! We need more like this....dolls, tv shows, videos, etc. I'm tired of all the mermaidia dvd's with long haired skinny little blondes. It makes kids feel special when their doll looks like them! Bravo", 5.0
"The battery we purchased worked perfectly.  Once it was charged and in the vehicle, it ran like it was new", 2.0
"Battery was received with no packing slip, and the plastic housing on", 5.0
"the battery was cracked.  My husband fixed the battery (blue plastic", 5.0
"housing) but I feel it should not have been delivered in that condition,", 4.0
"and with no "packing slip"", 5.0
"This battery has worked just fine for us. We have experienced no problems with it. We made sure it was fully charged before first use. And my son runs the heck out of the battery.", 5.0
"we have 5 year old twins when there gator died you would have thoght it was the end of the world. i went to amazon.com got the same exact battery had it shipped in two days havent heard a word about it since they are still driving", 5.0
"This battery was expensive!  Little bitty thing, but HEAVY.  The grandkids come to the farm and ride the John Deere Gator.  The battery stopped working after 2 years use.  Got the new battery, charged it -- and the little ones are happy again.  Amazon is cheaper than the John Deere dealer....", 5.0
"The only thing better is being in front of Dad or Grandpa on the real John Deere tractors.", 5.0
"Our battery quit recharging after about a year.  It is very dissappointing to charge a battery for hours and then have to tell your little one that it didn't work.  It has been difficult to find another battery.  I thought the Fisher price 12-volt would work but it did not connect. Apparently, you have to buy this brand, which, by-the-way, cost about a third of the cost of our tractor!  What can you do?", 4.0
"UPDATE June  2006..still working great!", 5.0
"---------------------", 5.0
"OK, updating this for kicks and giggles as of October 2005.  We still have the battery and it workds great.  You really must follow the instructions.  Just wanted to let people know I stand by what I wrote.", 5.0
"------------------------------------------------", 5.0
"We have this battery and it works great.  We were very skeptical because of all the bad reviews.  However, if you follow the instructions to the T it works great.  The initial charge MUST be 18 hours.  We did ours 24.  You CANNOT run this battery completely dead.  Once you see the toy start to lose it's speed where first is really doggy, then you must take the battery out and charge it.  Again, it must be charged the entire cycle of 18 hours.  We have been following these instructions (which are the manufacturers) and it works great.  My son can get about 3 hours if running it nonstop.  Which he has done a few times.  Don't try to quick charge this because it is not made to do that.  Also, you must charge it once every month when it is not being used (i.e, winter months).  Again, the instructions per the manufacturer", 5.0
"Soft body, simple control, cute design.  The two-button design allowed my 18-month-old to figure it out pretty quickly.  The one-directional turn feature is better than it sounds--the bus pivots on its center.  It uses one button to go straight and one to pivot to the direction you want to go next.", 5.0
"It is a bit loud, but that is nothing a piece of scotch tape couldn't fix", 5.0
"This is a perfect first remote.  We got it for my son who is 2 1/2 yrs old.  I do think he is a bit young, probably more suited for a 3 year old.  We have had great fun with it, however.  The rest of our family can use it to chase the twins around & they love it.  It is pretty resilient too.  We have only had one hub cap pop off (now, isn't THAT realistic?!) and it was easily poped back on.  It is pretty easy on the batteries too.", 4.0
"Great for my (almost) 2 year old!  Easy to function, soft, and durable", 4.0
"The product arrived in a quick manner and it appeared to be brand new. My grandchild loved it. thank", 4.0
"My son received the Busy Beads pal for his 1st birthday, and unfortunately at 12 months this toy just fails to grab his attention. The suggested age range is 6-18 months so maybe if he got it at 6 months it might have been more interesting to him. At this stage he is more interested in sorting things, like blocks etc or colorful sing along toys", 5.0
"These are great cards.  They handle better than conventional Copags as they're a bit thicker.  There's a bit of a grainy rather than super-smooth (slick) feel so no top card slide with them either.  They are flexible and shuffle well too.", 5.0
"As to the other comments relative to their unique color - well, that's part of what makes this setup special.  These are gorgeous cards.  I've found that if lighting is adequate there are no complaints as to difficulty reading the cards.  When lighting is so-so, I use a different setup", 5.0
"I have been playing with a set of KEMs in my chips case and got these to go with my new poker tabletop. Qualitywise, they play the same. The missing star is for the artsy design. I chose these for the backs, but the black fronts of the cards can get distracting. Excellent value for the price, especially if you've already been spoiled by KEMs", 5.0
"My nephew really likes the gloves, but they tend to not punch with every throw. The bar that comes with it to "bend" is cute and works with the gloves effectively. Great deal at $7.49 for the "SUPERMAN" in your family", 5.0
"My mother just recently purchased the Blues Clues cartrige for the VSmile TV game system for my nearly 3 year old daughter as a Christmas present.", 4.0
"I am so disappointed in the cartridge. We've had vsmile for a year now and my daughters are both familiar with the game system and own several other cartridges for the system (altogether 6 games, I think).", 4.0
"The game is recommended for 3-5 year olds. My 4 year old daughter has trouble with the game. The game is not at all intuitive and the instructions are not very helpful. Joe (the "host") says hello instead of giving instructions or helpful tips most of the time. Blue is difficult to move in the "right" places to do what you need to do in the game. You can only put the game on 2 player in the "learning zone." There are not enough spaces to put in my daughter's whole name in the beginning of the game and, again, no option for 2 player so my other daughter could not participate in that part at all!", 5.0
"Very disappointing.", 4.0
"Not to mention that now, because its opened already, it cannot be returned.", 4.0
"We enjoy all the other games we have for the system, including Winnie the Pooh, Dora and Little Mermaid and the game that came with the vsmile system. I would not recommend Blues Clues to anyone, especially if I like them!", 5.0
"My son has always been a fan of Blue's Clues so this was a natural choice!", 5.0
"Not only does my 3 1/2 year old son have the V-Smile all figured out - without the slightest assistance from me or his mom, but he has mastered the Blue's Clues game and plays it constantly.", 4.0
"It was an instant hit!", 5.0
"My daughter loves Blues Clues so I made sure I got this game, she likes it but it is annoying that you have to wait for Joe to finish talking before Blue will move.  I also didn't think that the music really sounds like the actual show.  Overall it is a pretty good game", 5.0
"THIS GAME IS GREAT, IT IS EASY TO UNDERSTAND FOR THE SUGGESTED AGE GROUP. MY DAUGHTER (3 1/2) HAS NO TROUBLE PLAYING THE GAMES. SHE LOVES THIS GAME AND IT SEAMS TO BE ONE OF HER FAVORITES.", 4.0
"Thought the price + free shipping was one of those "too good to be true" deals, but went against my better judgement and ordered it anyways.  Glad I did.  A sturdy table and nice set of trains/tracks, but you can tell the original Thomas/Brio tracks/pieces are better quality (for 4 times the price).", 5.0
"There were quite a few scratches on the wood pieces and one of the glued on pieces for the storage box was in the wrong place so I had to pry it off and reglue it in order for the "walls" to fit in place.  Also another piece of the table had a glued on piece that fell off so I had to re-glue that one too.", 5.0
"Under the Product Features, it says "Rolling storage trundle under table".  There are no wheels on the storage box.", 4.0
"The playboards have 2 holes (2 inches in diameter).  I suppose it's to make it easier to pull the boards up, but I covered them up because the edge of the risers kept falling in the holes.", 5.0
"All in all, a good value and my 2 year old loves it...which trumps everything I said above.", 5.0
"I really wanted to know the dimensions before I decided on this table, but I went ahead and ordered it to find out.  For others who are interested in this table they are 54x33x17.  It is not as tall as the other table I was also looking at but I decided to keep it anyway.  I was concerned it would not be sturdy enough since it didn't have a shelf underneath.  It is very sturdy and heavy!  I like that the table surface is solid green so my son can play different things on the table.  The storage box is large and nice.  It holds a lot, fits under the table, and can be used as a seat.  The reason I didn't give this produce 5 stars is because the directions for the table, box, and train set were not very clear.  However, after we figured them all out we were very satisfied with the product.", 5.0
"We ordered this train table for our two-year-old train enthusiast. We paid $149.00 with Super Saver Shipping before the Christmas rush, and thought we were only purchasing the table and bench.  However, it also came with a gazillion train track pieces, a roundhouse, elevated track, etc, etc.  The table is simply huge, but sturdy and light enough for one person to haul around.  By the way, it beats hands down the $600.00 table in Pottery Barn.  It is an AWESOME deal", 4.0
"Finally a trivia game that is not only fun, but you don't have be genius to play. It has simple catagories and most questions are true false or multiple choice-that makes it's easy for everyone. It has the standard Trival Pursuit format, with an added twist in the end. You will be suprised at what you can remember from your childhood. A must buy for anyone that enjoys trivia games", 5.0
"My family and I just loved this game.  We received it on Wed.Jan.24. and have been playing it daily ever since.  The answers really are on the tip of your tongue.  I live in Canada and we didnt know a few of the answers but got most of them.  Anyway thank you for creating such a funfilled game. As I said before, MY FAMILY LOVES IT.", 5.0
"The questions are more about the manufacturers of snacks, etc. than the sweets themselves.  We knew the answer to very few questions and it got kind of boring after awhile", 5.0
"This game has been so fun and can't wait to play it with it at our neighbhorhood game night.", 5.0
"It does take a while for a winner so if you want a quick game, this is not it", 5.0
"I ordered this game because it sounded like fun for all ages. And, indeed, the game has been enjoyed by everyone in our family. Our only gripe is that many of the questions feature products found only on the East Coast. Because we live in the West, we've never heard of these brands of ice cream or what-have-you", 5.0
"This is such a fun game to play with family and friends!  If you are tired of playing the same old boardgames over and over then this is the game for you.  Eat It is more entertaining than all the other games that we have in our house.  The questions are good and you never know who will win the game. I recommend this game for everyone, you won't be disappointed.", 4.0
"I've had a lot of fun playing this game with my friends and family. Many of the questions took me back to my childhood and were very entertaining. Finally, a trivia game that I actually have a chance at winning! I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves food and likes to have a fun time", 2.0
"Want to have a fun night with friends, then invite them over to play Eat it! We had friends over and I was confident I would blow them all away with my snacking and sweets knowledge (after all I am the friend that kept candy under her dorm-room bed!), but, surprisingly it was suspenseful to the end as to who would win. The questions are funny, thoughtful, nostalgic, and challenging. We were in stitches most of the game and playing it provided a great way to relax and enjoy the evening. I haven't thought about Fun Dip or Sugar Daddies in a long time! If you want a walk down memory lane -- you have to get this game. But, don't be fooled, it will challenge your snacking knowledge! You will even walk away learning a thing or two about how snacks & sweets are made -- a little educational bonus to impress your co-workers the next time you catch them taking a snack break", 2.0
"This product is a wonderful product.  You can leave a child unattended and not have to worry about markers getting on furniture.  It is also great for the car", 5.0
"I really liked the colors and books in the tote but, the tote itself isn't so great.  The color books slip out easily, so when small children carry it they are always having to stop and pick them u", 4.0
"My 3 year old daughter recieved a variety of Color Wonder products as a gift for Christmas.  We have been hooked since.  We were recently having lots of problem's with keeping it all on the paper.  Since we have recieved Color Wonder it has not been a problem at all.  They do not make any mess outside of the paper.  We have tried the markers and finger paints.  I would suggest this product to any one with small children.  They are great", 5.0
"My 4 year old son loves these, he really loves the books and magic markers. I love it because my two year old daughter can not mark up the walls, chairs, sofa, floor or anything else.  My major issue is my son will grind the markers to the stump and finish the book in about ten minutes flat.  At $7 or $8 dollars a pop, it's way too expensive for me. I think it's a great concept and my son loves to see that he can "draw in the lines", it's a real confidence booster.  But for now, it's a sometime activity and we'll stick with the washable crayons and regular ol' coloring books for everyday", 2.0
"Grandma bought this for my 2 year old daughter with the hope that it would relieve me from washing crayon off the walls and everything else. The concept is great, however my daughter tries to use the color wonder markers on everything else and then she can't get the cap back on so I find them laying around un-capped. Also, I don't think she likes the fact that the markers only work inside the lines and there is a slight delay from the time you color to when the color appears. We've also tried the finger paints and my daughter ended up dipping the color wonder markers into the finger paints - which didn't work so well. I think that the plain color wonder paper might be better than the coloring book style pages. I also think that it is geared toward an older child. I think we will be sticking with the regular coloring books and washable crayons for a while longer", 5.0
"We got the tote with markers and also a set of the CW finger paints for when we flew from CA to MI a few months ago.  My boy just turned 2 so he is a little young by the package guidelines but not too young for the drawing thing, I am sure most would agree.", 4.0
"So I love the idea of these markers.  The thing is, there is a delay between when you color and when the color shows up.  Imagine coloring an apple...  color, color, color...  but nothing is showing...  until a few seconds, the color starts to show...  it's ANNOYING!  I think my boy is somewhat frustrated by the delay.", 4.0
"The coloring books are only treated with the CW chemicals inside the lines of the pics, which is kind of weird...  you can't elaborate on a picture, or even sign your name (unless you use another kind of marker)", 5.0
"All in all the markers are better than the paints...  the plain paper is better than the coloring books...  but I can't say I am terribly impressed with this product.  I think it is a good travel item, though...  so your kid can't mark up property belonging to anyone else...  it just doesn't seem to replace the fun of coloring with regular markers or crayons 100%.  There is something lacking.", 5.0
"(It *is* however an improvement on the books I remember when I was younger...  just a white marker...  and a picture with lots of black and gray that changed colors when you used the marker...", 5.0
"My almost 3 year old has this set and loves it.  I love the fact that I can turn him loose with it without worrying about him getting magic markers all over everything.  And he loves it because he is able to color with magic markers without me hovering over him", 5.0
"We purchased this for our son for Christmas and so far it's a hit.  He has developmental delays so I am always on the lookout for sturdy educational toys for him.  He loves to stack blocks and other objects but becomes very frustrated when they fall- with this pegboard, the pieces fit together so that when my son stacks them- they are unlikely to fall.  My 3.5y old also enjoys sorting them by color or shape.  All around, it's a nice toy", 5.0
"My granddaughter loves this skill board.  She does not become frustrated because there are different levels of skill required depending on the item she's working on.  Keeps her busy for quite a while.", 1.0
"I bought this for my son so he could learn the basics at his pace. He mastered all but the shoe in one day. Not only does it have the top pieces, but you can remove them to reveal a picture underneath. A great investment for anyone. My daughter will be able to learn form it too", 4.0
"We bought 25 of these sight unseen for a grant project where elder citizens do storytimes in low income areas' daycare centers.  They will be used over and over.  The quality and sturdy quality of this item is excellent.  The facts that they not only serve as very simple puzzles, but also provide small motor skill practice on dressing is useful and impressive.  All of us working on the project were very pleased with this purchase", 5.0
"It's a GREAT skills puzzle!  However, it doesn't fit in the puzzle holder made by the same company.  All our others do and this one sits on tops. . .rather unfortunate", 5.0
"DO NOT BUY THIS PUZZLE FOR YOUR CHILD! MY DAUGHTER HAD THESE PUZZLE AND THE SCREWS HOLDING THE ITEMS TO THE WOOD BOARD COME APART. THEY ARE VERY SMALL SCREWS AND NUTS THAT I ACTUALLY FOUND IN MY DAUGHTERS MOUTH. I CONTACTED COMSUMERS AFFAIRS LAST YEAR ABOUT THIS PUZZLE AND I CAN NOT BELIEVE IT IS STILL ON THE MARKET. I AM ONLY WRITTING THIS SO THAT AS A PARENT YOU WILL NOT HAVE TO GO TO THE SCARE I DID.", 5.0
"My four year old son and two year old daughter both love the basic skills board. My son can do all of the activities, but especially likes the jacket. My daughter has more fun just taking the pieces out and putting them back in. Today she started playing with the laces on the shoes, so it was the perfect opportunity to teach her how to tie her own shoes. I highly recommend this toy for anyone with kids under five", 2.0
"This is a beautifully made puzzle that is a good challenge for 2 year olds.  Under each piece there is a picture of the inside of the object (what's in the backpack, what's under the shirt, etc.) which is extra fun.  The buttons, laces, zipper are large enough for little hands.  It will take some time for the little ones to get the hang of completing the tasks, but it's time well spent and they'll feel great once they can do it.  Wonderful for those who are beginning to want to dress themselves ("I'll do it myself!" they say, right?)  Now, they have a way to practice those skills so they can feel successful.  Highly recommend this", 5.0
"This product is the best that I've seen for helping children to learn how to complete basic tasks.  My sons and their friends can all play at once because the pieces are removable puzzle pieces!  AND it is half the price as thoise dress-up dolls.  This is the perfect skills builder for home and school", 4.0
"If you work/fix things around the house yourself - this is a good item to get.  Kids like to help and so with this kit - they can pretend to fix it as well.  Good way to boost kids motor skills PLUS they are happy feeling like they are helping as well.", 5.0
"I bought this set for my 4 year old nephew. My main concern was that he would get bored with it concidering the loud and flashy toys out there...but this one stole the show. Even his 7 year old sister has fun playing with it. Great toy", 5.0
"A great toy to teach little ones shapes and colors. No reading required. My son got it for his second birthday and still enjoys playing it. There are only 5 shapes and 4 colors, which is probably the only limitation of the game. My son learned the shapes and colors within a week so it would have been nice to have more variety. Otherwise a really nice first game", 5.0
"This is a fantastic game.  As a teacher it is a great tool for teaching shapes, colors, and attributes.  There are three ways to play this game depending on the level of the players.  This has also been a great game at home with our own child", 2.0
"My 6 year old daughter received this as an early Christmas present from a friend and has been playing with it non-stop ever since.  Yes, the fence has to be positioned just right, and if it is, it does not come apart.  It is made for children older than 4 for sure.  My daughter and my 5 year old son both play with it and now my son wants the traditional red ranch.  They love the little accessories, which are definitely made for school-aged children, not preschoolers.  Perfect for 6-8 year olds who are more careful in their play.", 5.0
"Our four-year-old daughter wants a horse farm more than anything else for Christmas.  All she talks about is how Santa will bring her a horse farm.  She is sooooooooo excited about it.", 5.0
"We selected the Breyer Paddock Pals Glamour Girls Ranch because it looked beautiful in the picture, and because Breyer has a solid reputation for building quality toys.  To tell the truth, WE were excited to receive it ourselves.  It arrived today, so we decided to open the box and set up the farm.  That's when the disappointment struck us.", 4.0
"This is not a standard North Pole quality product.  Simply put, the quality of this ranch is TERRIBLE.  We were able to get the farm assembled, and true to the pictures on the web, it does look nice.  However, getting it to that point was an act of frustration that tested our patience and resolve.", 5.0
"Then, playing with it is another matter entirely.  As the other reviewer commented, the windows and doors will not remain on the barn at all.  The slightest touch knocks the window shutters and doors off the structure.  Some doors did not want to open at all without popping off.  One door actually did not fit.  The fence?  Let's just say that it wouldn't hold any horses I know of - prtend or otherwise.  We joked that this barn reminds us of one of those satirical "some assembly required" Christmas toys that takes forever to put together, and then falls apart as soon as someone moves.", 5.0
"The barn itself "feels" flimsy.  It almost feels brittle - it's a thin & brittle plastic.  It's VERY CHEAP!  It doesn't close together evenly or easily.  It "snaps" as it closes instead of the smooth motion that we expect.", 5.0
"The horse, girl, and stable accessories supplied with the barn are fine, but they aren't anything special.", 5.0
"We plan to send it back.  In doing so, we now face a daunting dilemma...  We now have three days to find a suitable farm that would meet our expectations, and more importantly, our daughters' expectations.", 5.0
"Obviously, we do NOT recommend this product.", 5.0
"My daughter received this much-desired toy as an early Christmas gift from her grandmother.  The product looked nice in the ad and we believed Breyer to be a good name.  Well, we could not have been more wrong. The quality is horrible -- the plastic is incredibly cheap and the pieces do not stay together.  Every door and shutter falls off constantly when touched (even slightly) and the fence pieces do not stay together.  In the three days she has had the toy, it has done nothing but upset and frustrate her", 4.0
"Okay, the concept of this game cube is great, and believe me: you will spend many hours trying to solve this puzzle.", 4.0
"Now on to the reality...", 4.0
"I first tried this brain buster in the eighties when it came out. Upon its first release, the stickers stayed on, the plastic squares didn't break off, and it just seemed like a higher quality piece. I beleive the plastic might have been heavier.", 5.0
"But now, twenty years later, the stickers peal off, the squares pop out. JUNK, JUNK, JUNK!", 5.0
"If this was made in the USA it would now cost more than it does being manufactured over seas, however ...it wouldn't be junk.", 5.0
"You get what you pay for.", 1.0
"Stephen John Beccia", 4.0
"Author of The Treelanders", 4.0
"I bought this because as a kid my grandparents had one that I would play with constantly everytime I visited, and at the age of 7 was certain I could solve it.  I never did, and eventually it broke, and it wasn't until I was sitting at my work waiting for my computer to do something, that I thought I needed something to do while I waited for my computer to unfreeze, or for the network to come back online.  So I bought a rubiks cube, figured that it was a good portable puzzle thats easy to store, and is only one piece.  It came with a display stand, so I keep it displayed next to my monitor, and have co-workers come by and scramble it hoping that I won't be able to put it back, but I always have.  Like I said its a puzzle, but not with alot of pieces, and its portable, so if your taking the bus home, you can kill time with it, then put it back in your briefcase, or backpack.  I love it and haven't gotten sick of it yet", 4.0
"Tonnes of fun. Comes with a booklet with step by step instructions to solve the puzzle, although it seems the instructions might be missing a couple moves which makes it frustrating. I've been playing it non-stop since I got it. It can be fun even after you solve it because it's fun to try to improve your time and I think it's quite relaxing. It has been durable but the edges of the stickers are beginning to peel. Overall it's a great product and I recommend it for all ages", 5.0
"They're stickers, stickers peel, get over it. What, did ya expect a paint job like on a car or something? What's next, Pimp my Cube ha?!?! (like the reality tv show, Pimp my Ride)?!?!", 5.0
"I really like the cutely packaged Anniversary Edition. Makes for a very nice display. If you get the Anniv Edition and ya don't want to ruin it, then I suggest ya keep the Anniv Edition displayed on the shelf and also buy 2nd cheaper version. No biggy", 5.0
"Well,there really is no description needed for such a classic toy.", 4.0
"Always keeps you occupied,always keeps you entertained", 5.0
"Rubik's cube quality is all but non existent. The cube doesn't turn, the stickers peel.", 5.0
"don't ever buy a Rubik's brand Rubik's cube.", 1.0
"New East Sheen has high quality cubes at less than the rubik's cube price, that's what i't sugges", 1.0
"Just like every Rubik's cube I've ever had, this one is a piece of junk.  The folks at Rubik's have always made a substandard product.  I had one of the knock-off brand cubes as a kid and it seemed to be much sturdier.  Common problems with Rubiks' products...1) stickers fall off, and 2) the whole thing becomes loose and sub-cubes start to fall off the main cube.  It's junk", 4.0
"I recieved this as a shower gift before my son was born. The toys included were great throughout his first year.We use the toys as beach toys now that my son is 2. His favorite part is the alligator that sprays water.I like that the toys are all brightly colored instead of being the usual light blue or pink of most baby toys.The only down side I found was that the storage containers have no drainage in the bottoms so you have to dry all the toys before putting them away", 5.0
"We received this as a gift for our son. The toys that came in it are his favorites, hands down. When he first started teething (at 4 months) he chewed on the little alligator and pelican non-stop. Now (at 9 months) he loves the stacking cups and rattling balls. Wherever he goes he has a ball in each hand. We offer him toys with lots of bells and whistles, but he only wants these simple, colorful ones. Definitely one of the best gifts we received.", 5.0
"Unlike the other reviewer, I have not had any trouble with mold or a plastic smell", 5.0
"I bought this pool for my 2 1/2 yr. old. She loves it. But the sides are pretty high so it is difficult for her to get in and out. And because it is a star shape-- it really is smaller than if it were a circle. But it seems to do it's job for a toddler pool", 4.0
"I got this pool for our back garden - I have a toddler and I'm heavily pregnant - I wanted a pool that was comfortable for both of us to sit in.  And it's PERFECT.", 5.0
"The aircushioned bottom is great for letting my toddler jump and land and splash around without hurting himself, and the sides are robust enough for me to lean against. Also they are robust enough for him to lean against from the outside and play with his boats in the pool (obviously only when supervised!) Because of the cushioned bottom, I could quite easily spend hours justing sitting in there; it's really comfortable.", 5.0
"We got a little electric pump and it took no time to pump up, and although it takes a while to empty the water out of the bottom valve, you can do it without any effort (no heaving and tugging to turn it upside down).", 4.0
"We're really happy with it", 5.0
"It is a great pool we are thinking about buying a second one to fill with balls and let the kids jump around. The padding on the bottom is so comfortable and much better than having it sit on a hard floor or ground. Also the clear sides are great for you to see in or them to look out", 4.0
"this pool is a great step up from a baby pool.  my girls are 2 1/2 and 6 and love it.  it's deep enough for really getting wet and not too huge like some inflateables.  it's very comfortable for even a 6' adult to lounge around in.  i bought it because of the drainage plug - a major timesaver, and the inflateable bottom.  i gave it 4 stars because the seam on the inner ring split a tiny bit after a week, but my girls did jump in it like trampoline for 3 days before we filled it.  i would buy another", 4.0
"We use this pool indoors as a ball pit. It is the perfect size for our playroom and has an inflatable bottom which makes it comfortable for the kids as they're rolling around inside. Can't comment on its use as a swimming pool but it makes a fantastic ball pit", 4.0
"The pool holds plenty of water and is colorful and inviting for the kids!  The padding on the bottom is especially nice to cushion harder surfaces.  Granted--a lot of inflation was needed, but we also bought the hand pump and that did the job (and gave us some exercise--but it did not wear us out--and we're grandparents)!  I found the plug drain in the bottom no problem at all.  We pulled the plug and came back later and all that was left was a little puddle in one corner. The height of the sides was great, but I would have liked it a little longer in length.  Bottom line--this was a great buy!", 5.0
"My husband and I are in our late 40's and just wanted a way to cool off this summer. This pool is so comfy for our old bones. We love the padded bottom feature! (Never seen this before) It is very easy to blow up and holds the air and water well. We are delighted to have found this pool. It keeps us cool and young", 4.0
"I bought this toy since he loves the wiggles and loves guitars!!!!! The toy guitar dances to the wiggles music and it is very entertaining for both me and my son!!!!!!!!!!! Next I need to buy the Wiggles Big Red Car!!!!!!!", 1.0
"I gave this to my 10-month-old niece, and she loves it. It really is three toys in one, so it will hold a baby's interest for a long time", 1.0
"This is a great, simple, beginner educational toy!  I love that you can see through the pieces, and some of the pictures move around.  My daughter has played with this toy almost daily for the past year.  It seems so simple, but this toy has provided hours of entertainment for our little one!  I'm confident it will do the same for your child", 1.0
"I got this set for my son when he was 5 months old, and he still plays with it regularly after 10 months--and he is no pushover when it comes to toys. This toy continues to be one of his favorites--it is so open-ended that it allows him many opportunities to experiment. The blocks are really cute and each has something interesting going on inside (the hollow blocks are double-walled and have jungle-themed moving elements enclosed). You can stack or nest them (or shake or throw or fill them up or chew on them), and they are compatible with all the other cool Peek-A-Blocks and accessories, which are the same size as the center block. They are easy to pack up in a diaper bag and take with you, and the set has survived all sorts of "uses" without damage. I would definitely buy this again--but fortunately I don't have to!", 4.0
"First of all, the price listed here at Amazon.com is cheaper than Toys'R'Us or even Wal-mart...otherwise, I think it's ridiculous to pay more than ten bucks for this toy.", 2.0
"The medium and large cubes each have an opening on one side, so you can place the small cube within the medium cube, and the medium cube within the large cube.  They stick up out of each other just enough for little fingers to pull them out, or you can just dump them upside down.  If you turn them upside-down, they become stackable.", 4.0
"We got this for our son when he was four months old to teach him hand-eye coordination...he learned to stack them before he could place them inside each other.  (My son is the kind of kid who learned to open our dogs' kennel latches before he figured out how to get the rings on his cone toy.) He still plays with the cubes, and he's thirteen months old now.", 5.0
"His favorite piece has always been the small cube because it rattles inside.  The big cube has a mound of "bananas" inside, and the medium one has a tree stump - both are great for exploring with tiny fingertips.  He likes putting some of his other peek-a-blocks inside the medium and large cubes...the small cube works with toys like the peek-a-block goldfish.", 4.0
"This toy is also easy to clean, which makes it a great "sharing" toy for playdates. It's also a nice way to carry "three toys in one" in your diaper bag without taking up much space", 4.0
"My family adore peek a blocks.  The nesting blocks are the latest in a long line of incredible toys, so our expectations were quite high.  While these toys are constructed well, they are not, in my opinion, peek a blocks because they are not closed blocks.  The charm of the peek blocks is that you get to peek inside sealed blocks.  These are not sealed blocks.  Good, but not on par with other peek block set", 4.0
"I bought this for my 4 yr. old son and was very skeptical. He is very hard on things and was anticipating a hole in the bed within the first couple of days although I have explained over and over....No jumping on the bed...right! Anyway we blew it up and it has been a month already and no rips or holes. We haven't had to add any new air to it. It is quite durable and much bigger than I anticipated. He wants to sleep in this every night. Doesn't want to bother with his toddler bed anymore. He has twice as much room in this new spiderman bed. I also like the raised sides so I don't have to worry about him rolling off the bed like before. I am even able to fit laying next to him at night while we read our book. Oh, don't bother with the free pump that came with it. Started to blow it up with that and figured it would have taken all day...Went into the garage and used our air compressor. Was done in no time. I would recommend an air compressor or an electric pump or you will be there forever trying to blow it up. It really is much bigger than I thought", 5.0
"Purchased this inflatable bed for our 6 year old grandson for Christmas and it was a great hit. He now will sleep only in this bed at night. It was easily assembled and is very sturdy. We are very satisfied with this purchase", 4.0
"My daughter received this puzzle for her first birthday.  Although she gravitates toward animals, she still finds this puzzle interesting.  The painted pictures underneath that correlate with the vehicle is helpful in putting the pieces back.  The big chunky knobs make the pieces easy to hold.  The knobs are screwed on from the back securely.  My daughter's favorite hobby is banging the pieces together!  The puzzle is holding up well.  The wood is a little soft and shows indentations from possible "hits."  However, I have not seen any teeth marks on them from teething...  :", 5.0
"I LOVE this elephant. Lots for busy little hands. Lightweight. I was a little amazed at the size. I was expecting a small elephant. This is a wonderful size for babies and toddlers. The colors are vibrant.", 5.0
"My 4-month old grandson LOVES this toy!  It was his favorite Xmas gift", 5.0
"I bought this for my 4 month-old twin boys, and they absolutely love it! The looks on their faces when they see this toy is full of wonder and amazement. They both love the trunk with the spinning ball on top, and it helps them learn how to reach and grasp for things. They love to spin the ball and giggle together when they do it. This toy is very cheerful and simple for a baby, and I highly recommend it", 5.0
"I just got this for my 7 month old and she loves it. The spinning ball on the elephant's nose is her favorite. U can click, crinkle, teeth, rattle & squeak with this toy! Highly recommended", 5.0
"I purchased the Griffen to go along with the castle and all the other accessories.  My son (3) was not a good 'independent player' until I purchased the castle and it's components.  He spends much time with the Imaginext castle and I can finally hear and see his imagination really taking off.  Products are very durable and user friendly.  Highly recommend it.", 5.0
"I bought this tractor for my 2 1/2 yr old neice,her Daddy does work on the farm and she loves the tractors.  She loves her new tractor so much, every day when her Mommy picks her up from day care she wants to go right home to see her John Deere E-Tractor", 5.0
"Although my 3 year old doesn't have the patience to go one bean at a time, we still have a blast putting beans on and laughing when they spill.  Another reviewer mentioned taping some change to the bottom of the kettle to make it more stable and I definitely recommend it--I used two pennies and it will now hold a lot more beans before spilling", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my then 2 and 4 year old boys. It took a bit for them to get the concept, but once they figured it out, they loved it. It is a good toy to teach children how to take turns. The toys is very durable and the kids always have a blast when I take it out", 5.0
"He screams everytime the pot turns over. We did have to explain that these are not the kind of beans you eat, but he loves the game. Easy setup, clean up; If you need something quick to play before nap time or bed time, this is a classic", 5.0
"We just purchased this game for our 3 1/2 year old daughter and she got pretty bored with it after a few rounds of placing beans on top of the pot.  Explaining how the game works doesn't really matter - she just thinks that if the beans fall on her side, she wins!  That alone is priceless.", 4.0
"I like the fact that this game teaches her to wait her turn when she's playing with someone and to only place one bean at a time - for patience. I played with this game as a kid, and it seemed that the entire plastic pot and holder is so much thinner and lighter than 30 years ago.  I guess that comes with technology and newer raw materials.", 2.0
"On a scale from 1 to 10, I rate this toy a 5.  It has to be a great toy if it's been around for 30 years!  Just keep things simple for your little ones - they may not engage in this toy for more than 30 minutes, but it's better than alot of the other games out there for 3 year olds.", 5.0
"When my husband and I started playing this game with my Autistic 4 year old daughter, she wanted to go every time. She quickly learned to wait for her turn, but after a few more rounds, she just wanted to tip over the pot so that she could take all of the beans! I do think with a bit more practice with her daddy and me, she will better understand the concept of the game and be able to play for longer periods of time without getting bored or frustrated", 4.0
"My son loves this game and asks to play it every day. It is great because we practice counting and taking count. The pot is light and does tip over pretty easily but it is fun to just start over and practice more counting.", 5.0
"I remember this game from when I was a child. I recently bought this game for my son who just turned four.  He absolutely loves it and wants to play it all the time.  It does get a little boring after a while for an adult because you have to keep going until someone runs out of beans.  Also, I read the other reviews and our game doesn't have a problem tipping over with just a couple of beans.  I hope everyone else enjoys this game as much as my son", 4.0
"Other magic sets were all too difficult for my 8 year old son, so we tried this one mainly because it stated it was for "beginners".  My son loves it and is now working on mastering his technique and performance rather than spending time being frustrated because he cannot do the tricks to begin with.   I have to disagree with the others who felt some of the items were flemsy.  I feel all the contents are built well enough and are easy to assemble and use.  The instructions are easy to understand and the tricks are fun to watch.", 5.0
"My grandson who is almost 5 loves his first magic set.  He thinks it is a lot of fun and he and dad are learning new tricks", 4.0
"Marshall Brodien's magic sets are of much better quality than other similar sets. And they are also cheaper", 5.0
"This is a kit with directions and equipment for ten magic tricks. Some of the items are made of paper and seem a bit flimsy. I agree with the previous reviewer who said the stacking boxes needed some reshaping. However, overall, this is a great kit.", 5.0
"My son worked hard practicing and practicing and showing off his magic tricks. We did one a day for a few days running. It taught him to work at practice and it helped him practice his speaking in public (since he performed for everyone!)He was able to complete most of the magic tricks with little help after one demonstration. Lots of fun.", 5.0
"Enjoy.", 4.0
"A first Magic set for my 5 year old, he loves it!!  He and his friends have created magic acts for each other and have laughed all the way.  The tricks are easy enough for their age to try, and remember how to do. The directions come with pictures, so they can figure them out if the wording is too comlplicated.   The set itself is durable enough fot most tricks to be done over and over.  The blocks take some reshaping and the rabbit ring trick does not really fit right, but overall, a good first set.  It definately was the hit of  a rainy Sunday!", 2.0
"This is an easy to understand and simple to set-up magic kit for the first time magician. If your child is a reader, then they are capable of presenting most of the tricks independently. A plus! My seven year old enjoys demonstrating his magic tricks for family. His four year old sister loves to watch, and if allowed, to be an assistant. A great buy", 4.0
"My neighbors kids recieved this as a christmas gift.  My 3 kids 2, 4, & 6 LOVED this toy so much.  I couldn't get my 4 year old to leave!!!  She keeps asking me to please buy her one!  It is the best toy cash regiser I have seen.  I have had such a hard time finding it until today and I can't wait to give it to my daughter for her birthday!  The microphone works really well and the toy seems to be very sturdy.", 4.0
"Very fun and entertaining.  Our friend's son got this as a birthday present and all the kids wanted to play with it.  I'll be getting one of these for my kids, for x-mas.  They'll love it!", 4.0
"I love my cash register.  I got it at Christmas and it is the best.  The best thing is it has a real scanner and it really does work.  I have the stickers on all of my play food and when I put the scanner on them, prices come up on my screen and it beeps.  Also, every button I hit talks back to me which is cool and it has lots of money.  The microphone is the funnest though because I can call my mom from the other room to come in and give me price check", 5.0
"I love this bongo.  It doesn't take much for the bongo to react to the baby's touch.  It's a great cause and effect toy.  My baby love it, too", 5.0
"This is just an awesome gadget/toy!! It's like the real thing with the sounds and real life feel!  My husband loved it and now thinks he is actually Luke Skywalker.  If buying for a kid, I would recommend a child at least 7 or older so they can actually hold it as it is a good size and weighs a few pounds. You'll get your moneys worth and will want to buy the others so you can battle your friends..", 5.0
"I read the reviews of others and also my sister's husband is into STAR WARS big time! I looked at his sabor collection and the directions plainly state. "Not for Fighting" I'm going to order one, but not to hit things with. It's just a movie prop and collectable. Come on folks. Think about it. Very well made. I like the collection, but one is enough for  me to have fun with.", 1.0
"I needed a lightsaber for Halloween this year.  It was too late to mail order one, so I went to the mall to see who carried them, what they looked like, and how they worked.", 1.0
"Was looking for the Anakin (blue blade) or the Mace Windu (purple blade) models, but was only able to find the Darth Maul (red blade), Darth Vader (red blade), and Luke Skywalker (green blade) models.  In the fluorescent lighting of the stores, the Vader and Maul blades were not very bright and actually were rather pink looking.  The green blade of the Luke saber was much brighter in comparison.  The volume of the sound effects seemed louder from the Luke model as well.  I attribute the superior brightness and loudness of the Luke model to the fact that it takes 6 AA batteries, rather than 3 like the other two models I played with.", 5.0
"The Maul also had some plastic on the handle up near the blade, which turned me off.  The Luke model is all aluminum, turned and machined, and no plastic except for the on-off switch.  There is a nice chromed steel belt hook that folds to the handle, but the sword is so long that I doubt you will use it to actually hang it from your belt (it's a shame the blade isn't removable).  All of the electronics are in a triangular cross-sectional plastic carrier with the batteries, which just slides out when you unscrew the end.  The on-off switch works well, and doesn't accidentally turn on or off when you don't want it to.  My main quibble is with the diameter of the handle near the blade: due to the batteries and such it can't fully choke down like the real movie prop, and a section of it is painted orange rather than being a brass color, but you can't have everything.  From pictures on the web the Obi-wan (blue blade) looks very authentic, but it only takes 3 AA batteries, so it might not be that bright or loud.", 5.0
"In all models you can see the electrical "sections" of LEDs as the blade is turned on and off - they are maybe 4 inches long or so each.  But the scroll is pretty fast, so the chunkyness isn't too distracting.  The swoosh sound effect varies in sensitivity: sometimes moving the handle just a little kicks it off, other times swinging it won't produce the sound till you stop - but it isn't too bad really.  The sounds themselves are authentic - a bit tinny, as you might expect from a small speaker, but well done.  One of three clash sounds are played (the choice seems random) when the blade is sharply struck (takes a bit too much impact to trigger it IMO, I worry about breaking it).  Like everyone, I wish the blade could somehow retract, but it beats me how you could build something that would work this well and also retract, so it's a trade-off.", 1.0
"Overall, I'm happy I was able to find the Luke model and don't have any regrets", 5.0
"Star Wars Luke Skywalker FX Lightsaber BY  Master Replicas IS THE BEST LIGHTSABER MAKEER OUT THERE. some sabers use three AA batteries this one uses 6 AA batteries (not included I WOULD ONLY BUY Master Replicas  BRAND FOR COLLECTERS. LUKES IS STORNG JUST DONT GO FIGHT WITH IT ITS NOT REAL!", 1.0
"I bought 4 of them (Pablo, Uniqua, Ty rone and Austin) for our 2 year old daughter, because Tasha was not in stock. They are really beutiful, very well finished, nice colors, excellent quality and exactly the same with the ones on the TV. Our daughter loves them, she sleeps with the four of them every night. I would strongly recomend buying them if your kid likes the backyardignas TV show", 2.0
"I got this Uniqua doll as a compliment for my niece's birthaday along with some of the Backyardigan's DVDs. For the price I pay is an excellent toy.", 5.0
"It is small but for a baby girl that doesn't matter !!", 1.0
"The chimp does make some good facial expressions and noises. My two girls do like to give it it's bottle. Not so cuddly though. I think it scares my 2-year old a little.", 5.0
"My 2-year-old daughter, an ardent simian admirer, received one for Christmas. The product truly is realistic, but I would caution parents to think twice before purchasing this toy for a young child. The ape moves in a somewhat robotic fashion and does make unusual noises, but its lifelike appearance has frightened my tot. For now, FurReal Chimp will wait in the closet for six months or so until my girl's a bit older", 5.0
"I am 12 and one of my friends has this and i plan to get one. we all love it and have lots of fun with him although i read reviews that the arm can break so i think its better for older kids. another thing that might be scary for younger kids is if you forget to turn it off. one day we forgot to turn my firends off and it started making noises at us in the dark while we were trying to sleep. Anyway as long as your careful this is a great, well recomended produc", 5.0
"I had ordered 4 cuddle chimps for my grandaughters for Christmas.They arrived in a few days and though we had to wait until Christmas for the real review I can tell you they were cute,cuddley and love", 5.0
"My kids wanted cuddlechimps for Christmas.I ordered them and got prompt delivery and they were in perfect condition.Thank you", 5.0
"We all enjoyed this chimp (bucky).  Wish it was softer, but overall would buy again.", 5.0
"I have purchased several FurReal toys 3 large, 2 small.  They are so realistic they are always the hit of Christmas -or birthday.  However, in all three of the larger toys, one arm doesn't work 'quite' right due to children picking them up as kids will pick them up (by the arm). I noticed another reviewer mentioned this as well. The kids were fans of these particular animals (bear, koala and chimp)and they still love them which is why I still buy them!  I was able to take advantage of sales but I don't think the reg. $30 price tag is necessary.", 1.0
"We put the Uppercase letters on the fridge when my kid was just over 2.  He loved playing with all of the letters--especially M for Mommy, D for Daddy, etc.  When we started watching Leap and the Letter Factory (a DVD), he would run to the fridge to get a letter and put it into the unit.  At 2 1/2, he could identify all of his capital letters!  Lowercase are next. We added the lower case (I think I had to get them from BN).  They have a chart in the package which we posted on the fridge . . . he knew the lower case within 2 days.  People can't believe that a 3 year old knows his letters and numbers.  thank you, Leap Frog!", 5.0
"I bought this for my one and a half year old son for christmas and also recieved one as a gift. When I put many of the letters into the holder many letters said the WRONG letter. both sets did this, as the little tabs on the bottom can get stuck. So I returned one and kept the other. My son, now 2, enjoys playing with it and singing along and counting along with the songs. I wish it came with a storage case for all the letters. We have lost many of the letters and numbers under the sofa and who knows where else. They are rather awkward to keep on the fridge. but overall a nice toy, especially like that it has an off button with high and low volume", 5.0
"I bought this game for my four year old who loves the early reader I spy books. I wasn't sure if it was something that my nine year old might be interested in playing since he is often bored playing games that my four old plays.", 4.0
"We decided to play with this game for our sunday family game night and it was a huge hit.  I was very suprised to see how much fun my husband was having with the game (he is hard to please). I have to admit that I had a great time playing as well.", 4.0
"game play: everyone gets an eye spy board and takes turns flipping over the deck of cards. On each card there is a picture for each game board. Everyone must find which picture they have on their individual board and must ring the bell (included) when they do.  The fun part is that everyone continues to find their objects and yell second, third.  For each position there are points for ex. 1st person to find the object yells first and gets 4 points, second gets 3 points etc.,  The family decides on the number that they will reach to determine the end of the game.  For us 30 was perfect.", 4.0
"We laughed alot during the game, especially because my daughter who I was afraid might not find many objects was quicker than my husband and I.", 5.0
"It is challenging and fun, a good addition to the family game collection.", 4.0
"This game is hard to beat for a busy family.  It can be played on multiple levels.  My 4-year old and 7-year old can play together with the game modified slightly.  The game cards are sturdy enough that they can take a couple in the car and play "I Spy" the classic way passing the card back and forth.", 5.0
"As a busy Mom, it is hard to carve out 45 minutes on a given day for say a game of Monopoly.  This game can be enjoyed for any length of time.  It is great to pull out if you have 15 minutes.  So, no excuses!  This will be my go-to kid gift next year", 4.0
"I was really suprised when I saw the games look just like the ones I played about 25 years ago!  The paddle controller was very smooth and persise.  The total controller was a little bulkey, but it does house everything including the batteries.  Hookup was easy.  All-in-all, I think it is a hit", 4.0
"Seriously, no Kaboom! How does this even make sense? It was the preeminent paddle game for the 2600", 4.0
"I thought this paddle edition of the Jakks retro Atari games was an improvement over their joystick edition.  It's easier to control the game options thanks to a lot of interactivity on-screen that lets you know difficulty settings and such.  And this one includes arcade versions of Pong and Warlords to boot!  I found the control pretty easy to use, though not as great as I remember Atari paddles working (but I was so much younger then, and possibly better eye-hand coordination).  This is a great collection of Atari games including Night Driver, Street Racer, Video Olympics (Pong), Warlords (Atari and arcade versions!), Steeple Chase, Circus Atari (also found on the joystick one), Demons to Diamonds, Breakout, Super Breakout, Casino, and Canyon Bomber.  Nice mix of driving, tennis, arcade shooters, and breakout style games (pretty much what you want from a paddle!).", 2.0
"There is a two-player edition available that makes Pong a better game.  But the computer is not unbeatable, and there are several settings to all of the games that make them what they always were - simple to play classics.  I've enjoyed every edition of the TV GAMES so far (Atari, Activision and Namco -- no, I don't have Spongebob or Blue's Clues).  The nice thing is they are portable and load quickly.  I like not having to unpack and fire up my video game console every time I want a quick diversion.  Overall this is a great addition to my growing collection of retro games.", 5.0
"I purchased the Melissa and Doug Maggie Leigh Magnetic Dress-Up because my daughter's baby sitter had brought a Barbie magnetic doll for her to play with while I was recovering from surgery. Since I was not able to shop I went online and I am so glad I did. My daughter is 3 years old.  She enjoyed the Barbie doll but the doll and pieces were so small, not durable and the magnet was not strong.  Online I could tell the Melissa and Doug Maggie Leigh Magnetic Dress-Up was taller so I choose it.  But when we received it I was so excited.  The doll was bigger and the doll was thick and sturdy.  The stand is a block instead of the paper ones. The magnet is super strong.  My daughter loves her paper doll. She plays with is several times in the day.  The storage box is great.  I do wish the lid was hinged. It slides in and out of groves in the wooden box.  Easy for me but my daughter has not mastered it yet. But we do still have all the pieces.  She has lots of clothing and shoes to choose from, but no hats or hair bows. But my daughter just gets her hair bows and puts on Maggie. My daughter is really using her imaginations with it.  It is perfect for younger girls.  I am going to purchase to princess and ballerina doll also as she get older.", 5.0
"My 3 year old granddaughter loves this. She has other Melissa & Doug magnetic dolls which she loves, too. She spends a lot of time playing with them. The quality is great and they are easy to take along to play with. Wish they had these when I was a child instead of the flimsy paper dolls I used to play with", 4.0
"If your little one isn't quite ready for paper dolls or fashion dolls, magnetic dolls like this one can be a lot of fun. I have fun playing with my daughter with this doll. She has several mix & match options (shirts, skirts, pants, dresses, shoes). She also comes with a stand.", 4.0
"The pieces are easy for my three year old to hold. She also enjoys sorting the pieces, matching the shoes, etc. It is very easy for her to dress the doll (unlike a Barbie, for example) and once dressed, she plays with the doll.", 5.0
"The set also stores all of the pieces with a durable clear plastic lid. You can store it on-end, like a book, and not worry about losing the pieces or the set opening.", 5.0
"There are other skin tone available for this doll. The clothes are slightly different but the poses are the same so you can interchange the pieces. I think my daughter's getting another of these dolls very soon.", 5.0
"This is so far our favorite gamewright game for our family. It took a little while for our 5 year old to learn the game, but he can now play on his own and has been known to win, Really annoys our 13 year old. This is some strategy involved in this game. you can easily play two people or 6 people. We have 5 in our family. It is nice to have a game that we can all play at one time and it isn't as time consuming as monopoly.", 5.0
"Each player is dealt 4 cards face down.", 4.0
"You line up the cards in front of you face down.", 5.0
"you are allowed to look at the two cards on the end, but not the cards in the middle.", 5.0
"you take turns drawing a card from the pile in the middle(which is face down) or picking the card on the top of the discard pile(which is face up. You try to exchange your higher numbered cards for lower numbers. You try to get all four cards as low as possible (0 to 9) and then you shout out Rat a 'tat CAt. Everyone gets one more chance and then you add up the points. A score keeper records adds up the points for each player.", 2.0
"The object of the game is to get the lowest number of points by adding up all 4 cards at the end of the round. We ussually play to 50 or 100 points, as people get to 50 points they would be out of the game. Each time there is a round the dealer shuffles the entire deck and passes out 4 more cards per player. Each person gets a turn to deal.", 5.0
"There are peek cards, allowing you to peek at a card that you may not now.", 5.0
"There are draw 2 cards, giving you two chances to get a low number card, If you don't want the card you draw you just place it face up on the discard pile.", 2.0
"There are swap cards, allowing you to swap a card with another player, so paying attention is important.", 5.0
"All 4 cards are always kept face down. You can only look at the two end cards before play begins, and you can look at the card you draw just that one time. After that no peeking allowed, so you have to try to remember what is infront of you and sometimes you have to take a chance on the two middle cards, since you don't now what those cards are unless you get a peek card or you just risk it and discard the card.", 4.0
"It isn't as complicated as it sounds, but it did take a while for our 5 year old to beable to play without a partner.", 4.0
"Our kids beg to play this game with us.", 5.0
"Cards could be made better, they aren't very well laminated.", 5.0
"Our daughter got this game at a birthday party she attended and it's the best party favor we've ever gotten.  It's a great game for all ages - easy to understand game play and fun strategy elements.  Our kids - 6 and 9 - love it and ask to play almost every night.  It's clearly geared towards younger kids and would be a good starter card game for pre-schoolers.  It's a nice family game because it doesn't have to take long to play so when the kids beg for a quick game before bed, we can oblige", 5.0
"my whole family adores this game.....the youngest child to the oldest adult.....we play when friends are over...with the grandparents......everyone loves it.....it is quick to learn and fun to play....but it isn't easy...there are lots of different strategies to take (i always rat rap early) and if you aren't spot on, you'll forget what your cards are....and you can't peek! ..... this is a fun, fast and fabulous game for 4 year olds to 94 year olds.....", 1.0
"I bought this for our 6-year-old twins, and we've genuinly enjoyed playing it with them.  It has rules for younger kids as well as rules for adult play, and even playing with the kid's rules, my husband and I enjoy the game as much as they do.  It doesn't take long to finish a game, which is great with their relatively short attention spans, and the kids win as often as we do, so they enjoy the challenge of beating Mom and Dad.  I would highly recommend this one to anyone with kids.  It's a perfect addition to family game night.", 2.0
"I cannot even tell you what an enjoyable game this is.  I got this for my  niece as an Xmas present.  After we opened it, I read the well written instructions and explained them to my parents and my niece.  It only took one practice round for us to get the game (even my niece picked up the game after this one practice round).  On the second, official, round we all realized what a great game this is.  We easily understood the rules and realized the subtle strategies needed.  I could see my niece has a much better memory than us grownups and she was counting her own cards to get her score. So it helps with Memory and Math and its fun and easy to learn.  We all loved it.  Plus she wanted to play it later with us which is a sign of a very good game considering she got like 10 other games too.  Also, all the cards have very cute pictures that she liked and kids would like and finally the rules also allowed for a modification to the game for kids (which we implemented).  That is great.  I think this is a great game for the little kids and even adults", 5.0
"My five-year old and I happily passed time in a crowded airport with this game.  We were the ones smiling and laughing.  I didn't have much hope that my little three-year-old would get this game, but she did.  The cat and rat images had enough information in them for even the barely-three-year-old to manage it.  This game challenges kids for adding, for developing a good memory as hands change, and for developing strategy.  Highly recommended", 5.0
"Our 5 year old grandson loves to play this game!  We play it frequently and it seems to be one of his favorites.  We highly recommend this to anyone", 4.0
"This game is really fun! I have it for about 6 years now and It still never get's boring. Rat-a-Tat-Cat is a game you can always play, and I've never met anyone who isn't crazy about this game. This game is really a Must-Have", 4.0
"We were snowbound this winter break and only had tv and this game.  To my surprise, despite 250 channels, the TV stayed off and this game won most of the time for six kids aged 14, 13, 12, 10, 7 and 5.  Really a lot of fun.  The nice thing is that there is no reading required, so the 5 year old could play, but the skill level and memory aspects made it fun for everyone.", 5.0
"My 4 & 1/2 yr. old son loves the "Cars" movie & has alot of the die-cast vehicles, so the Mack Truck playset was a great addittion.  The details inside Mack the Truck are really cool.  It's well made and put together nicely.  You don't have to put anything together yourself, just pull it out of the box", 4.0
"This is a great little toy.  My son got this for his 5th birthday and now he sleeps with it.", 4.0
"My son loves this toy the only thing bad about it is that the trailer is hard for him to open and the pieces on the inside of the trailer are cheaply mad", 5.0
"My son is 3 (almost 4) and he really loves playing with this mac playset.  Some of the parts come off but are easily put back on.  My son actually likes it because he gets to "fix" it. I would recommend this especially if they liek the Cars Movie", 5.0
"My 2-year-old loves this toy- the only problem is that some of the parts are easy to lose", 5.0
"My 3 yr. old son absolutely loves this truck.  He plays with it daily.  There are lots small parts so if you have a "mouther" be careful", 1.0
"My son and his three friends each have Mac and play with it each day.  They range from 3-4 years old and spend hours a day playing with the truck and other cars.  Ours did not come with McQueen, so I recommend buying McQueen as well so that he may ride in the trailer.  One caveat was that for the first few days, Mac was difficult to open.  I had to sand the tabs down on the inside so that my 3 year old could play with it on his own..", 5.0
"I bought this truck for my son's 4th birthday. He really enjoys it. It's very cute inside with a car wash, T.V.,video game, fridge and more. The only bad things are- its a little hard to open and it doesnt come with the race car.All in all its a really cute toy", 2.0
"My child did not quite understand this game.  It's confusing even with instructions.  He worked on it for about a week and now it's doomed at the bottom of his toybox", 5.0
"This "toy" is the biggest waste of money! When I got it, there were few reviews out about it.  It is very complicated to use and the web site never works and there is nothing to do on it when it does.  They should be repaying all of us our money for having bought this! Don't waste your money", 5.0
"I got this for my 8 yr old daughter for her birthday and she loves it!", 4.0
"She really loves taking care of the Miuchiz and making credits to buy things for it.  I didn't know there were games on there also that girls her age would like, such as tic tac toe and paper, rock, scissors!", 1.0
"She really enjoys the Miuchiz and I highly recommend for girls her age.", 5.0
"I purchased this item for my daughters 7 and 5 for Christmas.  Very Good choice", 4.0
"This is a great game for kids and adults to learn geography. It shows pictures of many different tourist attractions all over the country. Both kids and adult can enjoy. My favorite part is where you can play a bad weather card on somebody. Suppose they are going on a vacation to see something and bamm-you through them a hurricane, tornado or snow storm to "ruin" their vacation", 1.0
"Awesome present- my 4 year old nephew loved it. He got it for Christmas this past year and it is still holding up strong. Great, realistic,  paint job that is holding up well with many 'crashes'. They are a great buy also. I highly recomend them.", 5.0
"Target regularly has these for under $4. I've seen them as high as $4.95 in boutique stores. But $20?! How can we trust -any- price on Amazon after this", 2.0
"We love it.  They are very well made and brings hours of fun for my boys", 4.0
"I can't say enough about these toys! They are so nicely made and feel great in your hands. Small enough to carry around and big enough for little hands. Great quality, sturdy and superior look. Collectors are buying these up like hot cakes and ebay is living proof that people are willing to shell out the cash for these. Especially for the ones that are harder to find.", 1.0
"People have written reviews on these that no stores carry them. They have been sold out because there has been a rush on these toys even before the movie release. Hopefully as time goes on and if they keep producing them they will be easier to come by. That's what I am hoping for. I don't have all the characters yet and would like at least one of each for my son, maybe even more for collecting.", 1.0
"Good luck on your search!", 1.0
"1) Don't set it up on carpet.", 1.0
"2) Gently tape track supports to table/hard floor.", 1.0
"This car gets going fast and the force around the turns can make the track contort which then derails the car.   Use on hard floor/table and gently tape down the rail the track snaps into in a couple of places.", 5.0
"It's pretty neat if you follow these steps.  Was slightly disappointed in the charge the car kept, but I realize it's hard to expect much when it's being charged by AAs.", 5.0
"Also hard to tell a 2 1/2 year old that you can't "do again, do again" until the battery charges!  That said...I put it away for 6 months and plan to get it out when the toddler "get's it" a bit more.  [...", 5.0
"Got this toy for christmas for my son he was so excited and after totally assembling it would not work. track would not stay up car could not stay on it . SO DISAPPOINTING!!", 5.0
"this is the raddest toy I got for my birthday. I was stoked when I saw it. The cars go so fast and it is realy durable as my little brother thought he could ride on it and it stayed together. He is so dumb, but this really is a kool toy. I would get it for my kids if I ws an adult", 5.0
"Why are all the accessories unavailable for this dollhouse?  I know my child will love additions to her newly recieved Twin Time House", 5.0
"This is a great accessory for the doll house and holds up well with my three and four year old. They love that the television changes pictures and sounds.They would like the dining set  to have more chairs, so that the whole family can eat together", 1.0
"I used pieces of this gift set for potty rewards for my 3 year old daughter. She loves the product and has hours of fun setting up her dollhouse and using her imagination-which I feel is very important. I love how the furniture is in fashion and she loves that mommy and daddy have the "same things.", 5.0
"Again, with all the other dollhouse accessories, this one just adds to the fun and imagination my daughter comes up with when she plays with the dollhouse.  These are all great additions, but the tablecloth on the table and the chairs don't stay on very well and my daughter has trouble sitting the dolls under the table without pulling the whole tablecloth off.  We just took the fabric off and play with is just the same.  It is still a great addition", 5.0
"Not only for the price, but for the fun and necessary additions to the Doll House, I highly recommend this set for your child(ren)!", 4.0
"It is adorable and provides lots of entertainment! All the pieces look more sturdy and have such great details.", 4.0
"I don't regret this purchase at all. The Box was at my door within 2 days. :o", 1.0
"My two granddaughters have every piece or set of the Loving", 4.0
"Family doll house furniture that you have sold.  They love them very much, and they are soo cute.  I play with them and we all have a ball.  The age is not important.  One is 8, one 14, and I am 59.  If you have an imagination, you can play.  One reviewer said not to buy some of the things because the house cannot hold it all and some comes as built ins in the house.  But, having all of them gives more variety and you can change rooms more often so you never get tired of one set.  We are thrilled with them and I will get every new one that comes out.  Amazon has the best variety and it is so easy to get them delivered right to your door.  They never make a mistake in the orders, and they are delivered very quickly.  I have always wondered why other stores take so long, and Amazon is so expedient.  Love Amazon.  Thank you very much", 5.0
"Boys love remote control gadgets, especially cars. However, the rc cars we have bought in the past proved far too fragile, usually losing at least the antenna on the first day. This one is definitely an exception! We bought two of these for our 9 and 11 year old boys for Christmas. They had them put together on their own by the time the batteries were charged, and have had a blast jumping them over speed bumps and ramps. The romote has three different chanels, so they can both race at the same time. They have even made a few modifications by changing pieces around and adding things from other lego sets. And talk about durable! Even our 6 year old, who is a master of disassembly, hasn't broken them!", 1.0
"I agree that this toy is a bit pricey, but ours were the "big present" at Christmas and get lots of use. We love them", 1.0
"I bought this generous sized, well-made tent for my grandchildren, along with a tunnel, to play in, in their yard.  They just love it and, have spent countless hours playing in it ... I highly recommend this item to all", 4.0
"Bought this for my three boys ages 6 and under and they have slept in it since it arrived. Very durable and plenty of windows for air. Constructed very well. Assembly and take down are a breeze. It has provided many fun hours for them and the latest is for them to go into the tent to read and that's something every parent has to love. Worth the money and entertainment provided to the kids", 5.0
"Manufacturer and amazon recommend this for up to age 7.  My opinion is that this is a cute game for a younger crowd, 2-5.  My step-son is 6 years old and in kindergarten.  He knows most of the answers to the games so it's not very challenging and he doesn't seem to be learning anything from it.  The Apple Picking game is fun but not enough to entertain him for long.  I'm thinking this game will be abandoned quickly but adored by his younger sister", 4.0
"Our little boy is 2.  He loves numbers and letters.  He received this for Christmas and it holds his attention for 30 minutes or more, which is extremely unusual.  It's also great for the car.  He really loves the "apple picking" game and picked it up quickly.  I was surprised that it actually has real calculator capabilities, too.  It adds and subtracts, even using large or negative numbers.  This is a winner for us", 4.0
"My neice loved this gift. It allows for creativity in designing your own tunes as well as learning with programmed ones. I would purchase this again", 5.0
"I like the features of this piano, but the white part of the keys is quite small, making it difficult to play a song with your feet. My 3-year-old son loves playing the demo songs, but for that a regular-sized keyboard would do. This is a fine product as long as you don't want to actually play a song with your feet, and just want to jump around on it. There is also a nice feature where you can play each note of a demo song one-by-one by hitting any key", 5.0
"Easy to find, easy to order, was emailed updates as the item was ordered and shipped. Arrived on time as promised and the item was exactly what we were looking for and promised online.", 5.0
"Completely satisfied!", 5.0
"My two year old loves this mat!  The first time he tried it, he played for an hour and a half.  Great, great toy", 5.0
"Fast service, great price, fun game for the family, Plan on taking it", 5.0
"camping this summer for fun activites", 4.0
"This product was great for our 9 year old. It is simple to use and can be played alone or with others.  It is entertaining for adults too", 5.0
"This is a great product and my family and I had a wonderful time playing it.  However, I think that the product would be better if the selection screen had backlights so that you can see what suitcase selections you have left and what the bank is offering.", 4.0
"My son and I watched this show and I thought the game would be fun to play.  My family gets a kick out of it and plays together and individually.  You can play 1 - 4 players which is nice, and you rotate the top part to reflect whose turn it is.  The only downside is that the messages scroll across the screen between picks, rounds, at the beginning of rounds, and before the last suitcase is revealed.  In order to skip over it you can press a button but it is still pretty annoying sometimes.  I like the fact that you can turn off the sound due to the fact it is pretty loud.  It is fun to play though", 4.0
"I got this game for Christmas. I played it with my family as soon as i got it. everyone had a great time. highly reconmende", 4.0
"This is great for outdoor fun.  It's perfect for kids to share. The wands are perfect for little hands to manipulate. It's really no spill!  The right bubble solution is the key.  We used Amazing Bubbles, purchased at Target.  We've had long lasting bubbles and wonderful entertainment for 2 and 3 year olds!", 4.0
"We had bought this for ds for the summer time and it is great.  We got a lot of bubbles from one wand, when blowing slow and steady.  If we blow too hard, or shake the wand too fast then we only get a couple small bubbles.  These wands are the perfect grip for my 2 year old, meaning nice and thick.  The only problem I have is that so much solution gets on the wand, that the solution drips all over the place and on clothing. My son has no problem sticking the wand in the slots and pulling it back out.  This is a lot better than letting little ones use the jug of bubbles, or the handheld no spills ones that normally get tipped over and leak everywhere.", 4.0
"My daughter got this toy for her birthday..  It was her very favorite until we actually used it.  We couldn't get very many bubbles out of the wands that come with it and other wands don't fit in the wholes.  It was very sad", 4.0
"Bucket certainly does not spill but the wands are too thick - you only get a bubble or two before you have to dip the wand back in.  Better to use the long skinny wand that comes in the gallon jug you can buy at Target", 5.0
"We visited my in-laws over the Memorial Day holiday and they had bought this for our kids. They had so much fun blowing bubbles. We have 3 year old twin boys and an 18 month old boy and the twins loved blowing the bubbles for the baby to chase around. They blew some really big bubbles, and even discovered how to catch them on their wands! We have bubbles here at home, but I never liked pulling them out and letting the boys play with them simply because of the mess they make. However, we are going to buy one of these for our house because it solved the mess problem", 5.0
"Good toy, but not many bubbles.  This looked like a good outside toy for the money.  The bubble solution does seem to stay in for the most part - unless they really work at trying to spill it out & then only a little comes out.  But I have yet to see many bubbles be blown - I've tried & my 12 yr old has tried & we could only get wimpy few to fly. He quickly became uninterested when he couldn't impress his younger siblings. We have also tried different bubble solutions. No worries to my 22 month old she thinks its great to carry around & likes putting the wands in & out.  I'd say it is very durable, educational (learning coordination inserting the wands - for the little ones)And is entertaining to the little ones as well. No regrets - we like this toy, but would be better if we could really blow some bubbles! :", 4.0
"This is great game... but it is not unlike the original Pressman Wheel of Fortune games - from around 1985.  It has updated colors and a new wheel, and is very fun for anyone who like Wheel of Fortune", 4.0
"My son is 4 and he adores Bob the Builder so this toy has provided hours of fun and he rides it daily.  He has mastered riding it on sidewalks, down the grassy slope next to our driveway and even parks it in the garage.  Boys and girls would love this and my son even helps drive the recycling down to the curb for us", 4.0
"My son loves trains, and this chocolate car was a great surprise for him. He loves de song, except is only part of it, and it's just the music.  But he really liked it.", 4.0
"If you have seen the movie, you will remember the song played while the hot chocolate was being served to the children.  The train car plays the music to that song, and my son loves it.  He is 4 years old and loves to act out the Polar Express movie, and sing the Hot Chocolate song.  The little guy that comes with the car is nothing special, but the train car is fun for the avid Polar Express fan", 2.0
"I was very disappointed with these little chickens.  I wanted them as a party favor for my son's barnyard birthday party.  I didn't realize they are extremely tiny - really only meant for use with the chicken flinger thing -- they should be sold together!  Anyway, I will just use them in a scrapbooking project of for some odd card, so it's not a total loss", 5.0
"This little plastic chicken makes one great gag gift for your favorite chicken lover. Especially with the Chicken Chucker, that was great. When I gave this gift, chickens were flying everywhere, with laughter mixed in between. I have never had more fun. Well, I have, but not with plastic chickens. It would only be better If you could get a whole tub of them", 5.0
"I think this doll is prettier that she is shown to be.Her face looks a bit old fashioned.I like the Barbie fashion fevers Kayla.I have one of the Barbie fashion fever Kayla`s and I have to say that I like her more than this one.", 4.0
"I have a 3 yr old son who loves to destroy toys and I feel that this handles well for him but I like car and truck that seem tough so its a good choice for me and my son :", 5.0
"All I can say is that my nephew loved this toy. Young boys and girls with a love for trucks and cars will indeed have a great time with this product", 4.0
"My 22 month old got this toy for Christmas and has been having so much fun with it.  It's a good size for him to push around, and the chunky little sports cars and a good size for small hands.  He also likes to put other cars (and animals, people, etc.) into the back of the truck to push it around.  It's very easy for him to open and close the back of the truck.  I like it because the toy doesn't make any noise!  This is a great truck and provides many types of imaginative play.", 2.0
"My son received this for his 2nd birthday and he loves it.  He plays with it every day.", 5.0
"my granddaughter was thrilled at christmas. she plays it constantly.", 5.0
"she has 1 younger sister and 1 younger brother.  she can play", 5.0
"this anywhere in the house without being disturbed by them. it is", 5.0
"very portable. also it sounds very well", 5.0
"This is a great toy and my almost 3 year old loves playing with it but I found his Chick at my local Wal-Mart for $3.44. They only had one at the time but when I was back yesterday they had enough one... just keep checking and don't buy it here!!! For all of us out there trying to get our kids all their favorite characters from Cars don't let this person rip you off or else they will just keep doing it", 4.0
"I think that this price is absolutely ridiculous! People dont buy these items for that ridiculous price, they are $3.25 at Walmart and Target. These toys are hard to find at Walmart and Target, but its because these sellers are taking them off the shelfs to rip people off in these sites. If the demand is high they will continue to rip people off. Don't buy from these sellers, and you will begin to find them at your local stores!!!!", 4.0
"i am still finding these cars at the local walmart! under 4 bucks! this vender is selling this toy for way too much! i would incourage people trying too make their", 5.0
"collect complete go too a small town walmart or any store with toys too buy this idem.", 5.0
"I reported this rip-off to Amazon (with so many items they can't exactly monitor everything). I got a response by the next morning saying they would "take appropriate action". The seller then changed their name from "Great Gifts", and dropped the price from $50 to $45.", 4.0
"Keep complaining to Amazon and maybe this rip-off will be ceased for good.", 2.0
"Go to KB Toys for this.  Either that or the Toys R Us physical stores.  The price Amazon wants for these is nothing short of rape", 5.0
"My 5 yr. old son just LOVES this!  He loves playing LEGO Star Wars on the Gamecube and loves to pretend with these.  We are always rescuing the princess and fighting Darth Vader.  We even consult Yoda for instructions.  These have a button you slide so you can wave the base and the "light" saber flies out...lots of fun!  Then it retracts with a little pushing/tapping and snaps into the base so you can wear it around using the clip (slides into a pocket or over the waistband of pants).  The handles look really cool, too.  This is a great deal at $5.29 and free shipping since the little figures are $6 for a 2-pk. at Target", 5.0
"My twin 18 mo. old girls are absolutely frightened of "Tickle Me Elmo", but for some reason can't get enough of Sing & Spin Pablo. They watch Backyardagains as their treat before naptime and they always want to play with this toy either during or after the show. One of my daughters has even started dancing a bit like this Pablo doll as a result, and it's just cute. If you have children who love Backyardagains, this is a must. Stock up on batteries though, it's a battery muncher!", 5.0
"I purchased Pablo for my son at 18 months old. This is the youngest age recommended by the manufacturer and I can see why. To activate Pablo, one must push one of his flippers. It isn't very difficult, but a child must be patient enough for you to show them where to push. Also, Pablo must be used on hard flooring. My son learned how to operate Pablo on his own in about 4 or 5 days, but he often puts him too close to the carpet or the wall & then Pablo stops and my son gets frustrated. All in all, this is a very cute toy & my son has enjoyed dancing and spinning along with Pablo. However, it is a little loud and it runs through high quality batteries rather quickly.", 1.0
"We asked a friend who was coming to Argentina to bring it, cause another friend of mine has it and my boy was crazy about it. He loves it, and me too. He likes to hugg him anda kiss him also, and begun to dance like Pablo", 5.0
"My two year old has been in love with this toy since day one (it's now 4 months later).  However, she was holding it today when HER HAIR GOT CAUGHT IN THE GEAR ON HIS FOOT.  To my surprise, the toy didn't even shut off as her hair was being wound around the wheels!  The toy also wound around a friend's Halloween costume as she was holding it back in October.  I thought (foolishly) that I would give it another chance since the costume was organza.  Pablo's now in the garbage and my daughter lost about three inches of hair in one spot.  VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT", 5.0
"My 2 year old son LOVES this toy.  He has Down Syndrome and the Backyardigans is the only show on TV he will watch (I  guess that's a good thing!).  Pablo is his favorite character and he owns all the Pablo toys that have been produced thus far, but this one is clearly his favorite.  He is now on his third Sing and Spin because he plays with him so much that he wears out the gears. (He also carries it everywhere!)  He has no problems operating it and he hugs it and cuddles it all the time, despite the hard body.  If you have a Pablo lover out there, definitely give this toy a try", 5.0
"My daughter recieved this toy for Christmas and just loves it. She playes with alot and It is great. Pablo is her favorite character from the show and just loves that she can sing and dance with him. I think that it is a great toy", 5.0
"I purchased this little beauty for a school play.  One of my male students had to age from the beginning of the play to the end, and the easiest way to make a male age is to add facial hair--right?  This mustache is superior to other mustaches because of the fact that you don't have to use glue to put it on, and there's no adhesive on the back to lose stickiness with repeated use.  It simply clips to your nose!!!  Genius!  Naturally, anything that clips to your nose isn't going to be the MOST comfortable thing--but I seriously doubt anyone who purchases this product intends on wearing it for 8 hours at a time.  Buy this product (or buy 2 or 3)--it's great", 5.0
"This little beauty gave hours of amusement to all the family.  I purchased it originally as a joke for my nephew, after he won his 6th grade class presidency, and the family all started referring to him as El Presidente.  When the mustache arrived, much hilarity ensued with all the family joining in taking turns wearing the 'stache in different guises.  great fun", 5.0
"Having spent 20 years in the Far East I returned to Blitey with a greying head of hair. This unforseen aging process also affected my tash. Now, a tash is the signature of a Far East Expat, everyone knows that. So, yes hullo, I had to try and salvage what dignity I had.", 5.0
"I first of all tried to dye my tash. This resulted in me going to A&E for severe burns to the upper lip and they had to shave my white tickler off. I was distraught. I had an important meeting with some government ministers the following week and I would never grow my pride and joy back in time.", 5.0
"Hense my intro to FAKE MUSTACHE - 6 WAY. I was saved, and I had 5 spares incase number 1 fell into my beer.", 4.0
"My meeting with the governement ministers went very well indeed and everyone commented on how good I looked and how my tash had grown to a quality expat thickness.", 5.0
"I now no longer grow my natural tash as '6 WAY' is more versatile and I can put it to bed at night (I have a little action man bunkbed for him) meaning I dont have a shabby tash in the morning.", 5.0
"Hurrray for 6 WAY.", 5.0
"Yes hullo..", 4.0
"Is there a man, woman, or child who would not benefit from ownership of a FAKE MUSTACHE - 6 WAY?  I think not.  Once the crucial element of Rosalind's transformation in Shakespeare's As You Like It, now the centerpiece of my casual Friday wear, the FAKE MUSTACHE - 6 WAY is as timeless as hair itself.", 5.0
"The product ships with an extensive manual describing the different curves the moustache can take, but neglects to list the six accepted ways of wearing the hairpiece:", 5.0
"1) Below the nose, above the lip: the classic; highly recommended.", 2.0
"2) Atop a bald head, in lieu of a toupee: be careful when removing your bowler.", 4.0
"3) On one's right-hand index finger: briefly popular during the Victorian era; long out of favor in polite society.", 5.0
"4) On one's bait and tackle: a delightful surprise.  Ladies love this, as will your fellow fishermen.", 2.0
"5) Atop one's feet: requires two moustaches.  One bare foot looks ridiculous.", 5.0
"6) On the cheek: a jaunty variant of the classic upper palate.", 5.0
"It saddens me that I need to say this, but I have seen too many neglected moustaches to remain silent: please, gentlemen, take care of your moustache!  I heartily recommend Colonel Ichabod Conk's Moustache Wax.  If you can withstand the Colonel's grim visage staring at you from beyond the grave (and the side of the jar), your FAKE MUSTACHE - 6 WAY will thank you for the much-needed wax job", 4.0
"This toy is worth it it's super fun and i love playing store and it knows what food u r scanning beacause most of them dont know so you should buy it!Its kool!And Its FUN!!![...", 5.0
"I like this toy.I played with it for 3 hours."KIm Palmer" your daughter is a crybaby.Why did she even cried just because she couldn't scan with the scanner.I thought you said your daughter was smart", 5.0
"My daughter received the Barbie Scan N Play and has had a blast with it.  It's so interactive with so much to keep your child busy.  They've thought of everything with this cart: a scanning system, 30 pieces of food, a scannable catalog including a coupon circular along with coupons for those discounts.", 1.0
"This is a MUST HAVE for little kids that love pretend play shopping", 5.0
"We really searched for a shopping cart that could "scan" and this one fit the bill.  My daughter loves it and we were not disappointed.", 5.0
"I bought this particular toy because my daughter wanted to be able to 'Scan and Play'. The scanner doesn't work so she doesn't get to scan only play. I could have saved her the frustration and saved quite a bit of money if I had instead bought a different inexpensive cart. VERY disappointed", 5.0
"Gave this to my friend's little girl for her second birthday.  Two of the Dads had more fun putting it together (very little needed).  The kids at the party waited paitently while the adults took a turn at "buying" and "paying for" the groceries.   It was awarded the neatest toy given by all the parents in attendance", 4.0
"On December 4th, my daughters birthday I bought her the Barbie scan and play shoping cart. For the whole day she could not stop playing with it. When I called her for dinner she would not leave it alone. I want to assure you that this toy is both educational and fun for you and your child. My girl can now add and partly subtract and she knows what to do when she goes to the store she can tell me how to pay and she knows how to count money. This toy is absolutly incridable!", 5.0
"We were very pleased with the condition of the cards and the timely fashion they were shipped", 5.0
"There isn't much I can say about this game that hasn't already been said.  But I will.", 5.0
"This game is labeled for ages 7+.  I'll tell you, though, my boys were absolute UNO ADDICTS when they were 4.  It's really easy to learn, so they caught on very quickly.  For about 6 months, they played this game with my husband every day as soon as they got up in the morning and the minute he got home from work each day.  We have taken a deck with us everywhere we've gone incase we've needed something to do to pass time.", 5.0
"We would never be without this game.", 4.0
"Playing with the little kids, we never keep score.  We just play that whoever goes out wins.", 5.0
"Works for us.", 5.0
"Nothing brings people together like games and Uno is one of the best because it appeals to such a wide range of age. Everyone from Grampa to his 1st grade grand daughter can play and have lots of fun and laughs. What can be better than that?", 5.0
"This is a great family game. It is easy to play great for the whole family. It comes in a nice box and easy to take with you when you travel. Every family needs at least one Uno Game! I have found the best prices on Uno games on Amazon too", 4.0
"Uno has been a family favorite that I have played since I was a child. I used to spend my school summer break, up all night playing with my family. I have so many memories tied with this game and it is just great fun for everyone! There is nothing difficult about it, just lots of fun! I recommend Uno to anyone and everyone", 5.0
"What a great game!  The rules are simple enough for pretty young kids to play, and it is entertaining for a whole family.  There is a slight bit of strategy, there are times when one must make a decision, unload cards selfishly or use the reversals or draws to work in alliance, to batter the leader.  A bit of strategy, more strategy than a card game like War, where the fate is decided in the final cut of the cards, just to be ceaselessly played out in robotic fashion.  But Uno is a game a chance, it unfolds enough by the pick of the cards that a savvy five year old should be on almost equal footing as an adult.", 5.0
"And the play of the game is a dialogue of sorts.  It serves wonderfully for play therapy.  Nice for the resistant child who will not open up about his or her inner world, but will engage in a game.  You can sit in silence, responding card for card, and there is communication.  Communication, and the start of alliance.", 5.0
"There is also, I've only recently discovered, a real cult of Uno out there, with numerous variations, things like "Ascending Rules Uno," "Pirate Uno," "Speed Uno," "Slovenian Uno," even one called "Cut Throat Uno (not a title that appeals to me in play therapy)," as well as solitaire versions of Uno, I guess for no-shows or lonely nights.", 1.0
"I love playing Uno with my friends and family. I think Uno is helpful to teach younger kids who to say their 1,2,3's in spanish and have loads of fun at the same time. There is also four blank cards one in each color so you can replace a lost or damged card or make your own cards [for example wild draw six].", 4.0
"Uno is an excellent game for any age 7 and up (according to the makers; I've watched a sharp 4 yr old enjoy playing with only slightly modified rules).  It is easy to learn but continues to provide challenging play for years.  The rules are easily modified to accomodate diffenent skill levels or time available.  This one doesn't need bells and whistles, it is great as it is.", 5.0
"Although Mattel would not encourage this (or even suggest it) playing for points lends itself to modest wagers, and to an extent, allows for handicaping with players of different skill levels.", 5.0
"The educational value is not obvious, but is significant.  It teaches players to think ahead, consider branches and sequels of actions, and strategy.", 5.0
"The compact size (like two standard poker decks) allows this one to travel well, and can be played on trains, planes, boats, buses, and in tents.", 4.0
"Uno is a colorful and fun card game that will have you hooked after 10 minutes. The pace is fast, and there's plenty of strategy to keep your interest. The player who empties their hand first wins, but watch out - you can easily go from having 1 card in your hand to 10 cards if you don't have the right color. You'll be saying, "let's play again!", 2.0
"I have the Pixel Chix Pixel Pets Jammin' Hamster and here's what I say.", 1.0
"It's a very nice thing but don't stay in the secret world too long! When you go back there will be cobwebs. Just press the broom and it will go away.", 5.0
"TIP ALERT: When you go up a level, after you see the code, press the checkmark and you will go up another level and get another code! You can even do it again and go on the last level!", 5.0
"(Hold down all the bottons on the side with 3 bottons in normal mode and it shows your hamster's litter!", 5.0
"Don't forget to name your hamster! I named mine Hammiella/Ella. NO STEALING MY HAMSTER'S NAME OR ELSE!!!!!!!", 4.0
"They should move the hamster drinking up to the wheel floor thingy.", 2.0
"OVERALL: 4 stars", 5.0
"Out", 5.0
"My daughter very first started playing with this at about 5 months. She LOVED to poke the buttons, slam the head set down, etc. Now she's 19 months and she drags it all over as a pull toy. Couldn't recommend this more. Most other toys kids play with a couple times and then they are done, but this is a keeper", 5.0
"I love the fact this toy has an on/off switch!  My child loves to push it, punch in numbers, listen to the songs... etc.  Over all this is his favorite toy", 5.0
"This is a nice toy.  However, if they could make sound come out from the handset like the real phone, it could be better.  When my duaghter played with it, she always gets disappointed that there is no voice out of the handset.", 5.0
"Durable, a lot of different tunes, colors, etc.  A tad on the annoying side to adults and a bit loud...both my son and daughter liked this toy up to 1 year, kept them entertained for relavtively longer periods of time.", 5.0
"My twins have received dozens and dozens of toys over their first year, so they have a lot of options to choose from. But this phone is a favorite. Let's just say there's been many a fight over it -- and if that isn't a ringing endorsement, nothing is. I'd give it five stars, but it kind of annoys me a little that the receiver doesn't stay on the phone very well, at least on the version I have", 5.0
"Cute but, at bedtime, the slightest movement sets it off, waking up baby. As a result, it's going in the pool next time around", 5.0
" My 8 month old loves this toy. I bought it for him a month ago, and he always wants to play with it. When you push a button it makes a dialing or busy noise, then goes into a song. It's very cute", 4.0
"I think the age specification was wrong! My daughter hated it up until she was 1 1/2 years old. She was terrified of it. THEN she loved it. She would crawl next to it and take it everywhere. For a while it became the toy other friends could not touch or share. Now at 2 1/2 she still has a huge attachment to it.", 5.0
"  I'm a nanny so i've played with alot of toys...This one is one of my least favorites.  The little guy who owned this to was totally freaked out.  Every time pooh crawled nearby he would swat it aside. Once he was strong enough he would chuck it across the room...I was freaked out by the toy as well, it would turn on at odd hours of the day and night.  As for educational value...Zilch!! Do you really need a toy to teach your child how to crawl?  The only thing this toy ever did for my my little guy was to strengthen his pitching arm.", 4.0
"This toy is so cute. I love all the pooh products. I did my first baby's in room in pooh so I had to get this when my son started to crawl. It really helped him to crawl", 5.0
"I bought this product based on all the positive reviews.  However, I feel that the "Pooh" voice and music is too loud.  It makes me a little nervous to have some of the "electronic/musical" toys so close to my baby's ears.  I wish it had a volume control.  Aside from the loudness though, it is a cute toy and looks like it is fun to play with", 4.0
"I have read all the reviews of this toy including the two negative reviews.  I then went to the store and looked at the toy for myself and eventually bought it.  The negatives:  First, I do not agree with those who complained about the noise.  With use of the pooh crawler I have not experienced any loud or disturbing noises and my baby did not scream or cry when pooh crawls up to her.  That said, this is not necessarily the miracle toy that is going to get your baby crawling within two days.  My baby is just over 5 months old and pooh is teaching her to crawl at a very slow rate.  This is a minor negative, but my expectations were very high from reading some of the other reviews.  As for the possitives:  Crawling Pooh is cute, durable and a good teacher (albeit slow).  My daughter seems to enjoy the company of the Pooh so long as I do not pay more attention to the toy than she wants.  Overall I am happy I bought this toy and look forward to the continued progress on my daughter learning to crawl", 5.0
"For her 1st Christmas, I purchased the Magic Touch N' Crawl Baby Pooh for my niece, Chloe, who is almost seven months old. She immediately loved it; she was smiling, holding it and chewing on its ear. She soon learned if she touched Pooh, he would crawl. She immediately started crawling better and faster, and even started verbalizing more as she crawled. If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it. It is a great toy for its educational and play value and is very reasonably priced. I would highly recommend!!", 5.0
"My daughter loves chasing her Winnie the Pooh.  I wanted to get one for my friend's daughter, and saw that Amazon was out of them.  However, I was able to buy one from e-bay (ebay.com)for about the same price that I paid at Amazon.com.", 4.0
"In the wake of the explosion in the number of baseball card sets that are produced each year I have, like Anne's father in  Jane Austen's father, retrenched. The only set I pick up each year is the "basic" set put out by Topps. I do not do this because Topps provides more "First Year" players and prospects in the eternal quest to have the official "rookie" card for some future Hall of Famer, but because I currently have a complete run of Topps baseball card sets going back to 1968 (I also have complete sets for 1956, 1961, 1964-66, with four Hall of Famers to go to finish the 1953 and a couple dozen high numbers to complete the 1967 set). All of these sets are arranged in binders beginning with the Leader Cards, then the Highlights, Post Season and World Series cards. Then all the teams are arranged in they finished, beginning with the World Champion Red Sox, with all of those aforementioned First Year and Prospect cards in the back. So I am here for the history and not for the gum (not that there is gum anymore, but you get the point).", 5.0
"The 733 cards in the 2005 Topps set are broken down into 534 veterans, 30 Managers (267-296), 35 First Year Subjects (297-326) and Future Stars (327-331), 17 Season Highlights (332-336) including the postseason (349-55) and World Series (731-34) 12 League Leaders (337-348), 24 Sporting News All-Stars (356-367, 719-730), 30 Team Photos (638-67), 25 Draft Picks (668-87) & Prospects (688-92), 2 Combos (693-94) and 24 Award Winners including Rawlings Gold Gloves (695-712), Cy Young (713-14), MVP (715-716), and Rookie of the Year (717-18). Then you also get 5 cello-wrapped Prospect cards featuring players who are not part of Topps Series 1 or 2. Be aware that you can get the set with those five cards being prospects for a few select teams, namely the New York Yankees, Boston Red Sox, Chicago Cubs, San Francisco Giants, Detroit Tigers, and Washington Nationals. I supposed such cards might be considered a key inducement for buying a complete set, but the fact that you get the complete set without having to open dozens of packs from Series 1 and then waiting to do the same for Series 2 should be enough (unless, of course, you like opening a pack to see if you might find the Rocket, A-Rod, or Ichiro).", 5.0
"Two things to remember about the 2005 Topps set. First, the reason there are 733 cards but the last card is numbered 734 is because Topps retired card #7 in honor of Mickey Mantle after he passed away. It made sense since Mantle's 1952 Topps rookie card (which was also a high number) is the icon of baseball card collecting. The Honus Wagner T206 is the Holy Grail and just getting to see one would be a thrill but forget about every owning one (whereas you can sell you card and get a 52 Mantle). Second, between the release of Series 1 and Series 2, Barry Bonds made a deal with Topps. That is why he does not appear on front (nor is he mentioned on the back) of the 2004 National League Batting Average Leaders card (343), even though he led the NL in batting (his name does appear on the back of the NL Home Run Leaders card (345)). But you will find that this year he has both a regular card (500) and as the 2004 National League MVP award card (716). He should be in the shot of the Giants team (662), but I would not swear to it. Bonds must have gotten a swear deal since his logo appears below the MLBPA logo on the bottom of the box.", 4.0
"These are great little spoons, forks and knives. I bought them to eat an actual meal with, and they were fine, but the dullness of the fork tines was more in line with pretend eating", 5.0
"I had no idea that I needed a desk with this. I had the MyFirstLeapPad but it wasn't sufficient. Nowhere in the description did it state I needed the desk for this. I am disappointed. Hopefully by the time you are reading this, the description of the item has become more descriptive adding this", 4.0
"I have been a big Ninja Turtles fan since I was a teenager. My last name is Leonardo which makes me love them even more. I bought this playset but I have not even opened it yet. Its still Mint and Sealed in the original box. This is a great toy for kids to play with and adults to display in their home", 2.0
"My 3 year old loves ninja turtles.  I can't put it any other way.  This toy has been played with CONSTANTLY for the last month.  It is not difficult to put together... it looks a little intimidating at first, but it all snaps together with relative ease.  I would highly suggest this toy for any child that loves the turtles", 5.0
"a pain to put together and the doors have a tendency to unhinge - but he loves it and has had and played with it for over two years now. Usually- he loves removing the doors and makes it a part of his story  or puts them on oppposite ends of the room to make the play area larger. Just bought it for my nephew's b-day", 4.0
"This is a great toy.  And with the new reduced price - it's a steal.  This was a piece of cake to assemble - yes, I had to follow the directions, but I had it up and playing in about 45 minutes - and No, I am not very techno and handy.  The lair has a lot of cool things, like a zip line, and an elevator with an escape hatch, a plunger shooter and a sofa the can tilt over to get rid of the bad guys.  So much fun and very imaginative for young minds.  I love it", 5.0
"I was nervous about this after reading a few reviews on this and some other toys simular to this one. My son has had alot of fun with his other figurines ( Star Wars, Batman, Dinosaurs, etc) hanging out with the Turtles in the lair! Dora has even made a visit. My son gets frustrated easily so I was concerned about the durability. It' just fine! We dont close it up, it stays open in his room and it travels all over the house. It has been alot of fun for my son! I am glad that I chose this Lair over the Batman cave", 4.0
"Really, I am so glad I bought this toy for my son!  After seeing so many negative reviews I was really worried about buying this; but my 4-year-old son wanted this more than anything else for Christmas (from Santa) and I figured if it was as fragile as others suggest I would just assemble it with super glue as another reviewer suggested. But it turned out that the Lair was more sturdy than I expected and I was super sure to follow the directions meticulously. My son loves it so much! However, I am a bit weary of folding it into a carry case.  In order to carry the unit (and I don't anticipate the need to) I would have to remove the bottom section (which has the carry handle on the bottom) and snap it onto the top. For now I am going to keep the playset out on the floor for my son and if I need to store it I will just scoot it into the closet the way it is. But again, my son loves it and it has so many nifty features such as an elevator platform, a couch that flips back, a trap door, and so much more that any little Ninja Turtle Fan will love", 5.0
"this thing is huge but just the parts do stay together just check the pins a couple of times or use super glue and it's fine it's kinda hard to turn it into a lair then a carrying case but other than that mine's ok the only thing that gets messed up is the couch maybe but usually it's good and i haven't had any problems with it falling apart when i'm playing with it either", 5.0
"We've spent a fortune on stamp pads of individual colors, and this one is the best. It's fun for stamping and fingerprinting (like any of the Ed Emberley finger/thumb/funprint books). We love Ed Emberley around here, and his books are all multicolored, so you have a choice, either lose some of the magic with monochromatic fingerprinting, spend $30 on individual stamp pads - if you can find them, or BUY THIS", 5.0
"I know it's a toy, but this xylophone is offensively out of tune.  I wouldn't subject anyone to it.  It's terrible", 2.0
"Who wouldn't think this monkey is cute?! It glows nicely (not too bright) and shuts itself off after 15 minutes which is good for my daughter who likes a little night light while falling asleep", 5.0
"My four year old is absolutely enthralled with this toy, as is his 4 month old sister.  I bought the wand for the monkey, which I think is the cutest of the GLO E toys, and my kid spends a huge amount of time changing the colors of the monkey from across the room.  If you can get this toy for around $15.00, I'd highly recommend it.", 5.0
"The monkey is really soft, but beware of getting the monkey's hair caught in the velcro (where the toy opens to house the electrical innards.)  Once the hair gets caught, the velcro doesn't want to work very well", 4.0
"Great stuffed monkey.  The light show is awesome, wish the electronic component was smaller.  Makes the monkey a little less soft and cuddly, but still a great purchase", 5.0
"I purchased all 3 GLO E plushies and the puppy is my favorite. The monkey's pretty cool too. This was a gift. Overall, the stuffed animal is really soft, but the area where they put the battery unit (for the glow light) and the Velcro area for the opening was a bit hard.", 5.0
"I wasn't too fond of the glow lights as they don't really appear to me. The sad puppy face is why I wanted it", 5.0
"I purchased two monkeys plus two of the bear gift sets when amazon had them for $6.99 each. One of the monkeys was a gift for my niece because she collects monkey items. I hoped she would like it but didn't expect the reaction I got. SHE LOVED IT! The colors are great, not to bright and such a variety. A cute gift for all ages. I too saw the bears locally for much more. The smaller animals were $14.99 at my local walmart. So happy that amazon had this deal for myself and others.", 5.0
"I bought the Monkey,Bear and Dog here on Amazon and it is the favorite gift for my Girls this year. These sold in Walmart and Kmart in my area(GA) for 24 each and I got all three for under $60 bucks. They are wonderful for kids that are afraid of the dark. The light shows are awesome! If you think that it only lights up a little you are wrong.....I can walk by my girls and see their whole faces, sound asleep and holding on to their "light stuffies" for dear life. To clean just use a baby wipe and make sure you buy rechargeable batteries. LOVE THIS IDEA. They also have pillows and blankets at some websites", 4.0
"I got this for my daughter for christmas, I brought it home and she seen it, and she wanted it so bad that I ended up giving it to her right then. She hasn't put him down since. he has 5/6 different lights thru out his body so the whole thing lights up not just the belly. 5 different light shows make for new entertainment often, button to activate is super easy to push. light stays on for 15 and then shuts itself off. If you want it shut off sooner just push button on hand a few times GREAT GIF", 4.0
"My family and I are avid Scrabble players and looked forward to trying the new Super Scrabbble edition. We were, however, sorely disappointed. The only thing "super" about it is that it is super-long. While it was a great idea to add more letters, higher points per word and a larger board, the end product seemed an inferior edition, hastily manufactured and largely untested.", 4.0
"The manufacturer simply added a border to the existing Scrabble game board. The new higher point squares are all near the periphery so it takes some game time to be able to use them. The board itself is flimsy and too large to comfortably swivel as each player takes their turn. It would be better to have it on a turning pedestal similar to the Deluxe edition. There are many more tiles on this board. It would have been nice to have the tile pockets on the board to hold them all in place - again like the Deluxe edition.", 5.0
"The score pad is too short for the length of this game and the increased number of tiles should be in a larger bag as the same size bag makes it harder to pass and mix. We tried giving each player nine, instead of the standard seven, tiles but the tile holder is too short for this to be comfortable.", 5.0
"In short, we do not recommend this new version. It compares unfavorably to the Deluxe Scrabble edition", 1.0
"If you are a scrabble lover, then this is the game for you. Twice the letters and more chances for higher points. Just be prepared, it takes twice as long too", 5.0
"This game is wonderful if you're looking to play with 4 people!  It's a bit long when you only play with one other person.  This game basically doubles everything.  There are double tiles, double the board space, our scores were double that of a regular game, and it took double the time to play!  It also doubles the fun of regular scrabble!", 5.0
"If you are a true Scrabble player, I HIGHLY recommend this version of the game.  It will seriously put your skill level to the test.  We love it! I introduced my brother and sister-in-law to the game and they can't get enough.  We get together and play as often and as competitively as we can", 5.0
"If you like scrabble a LOT--you will probably like this game.  IF you're into scrabble tourney's probably not.  This is great fun for the whole family and allows you to become more creative because of the extra tiles.  The regular scrabble game only takes like an hour (at most) to complete--this one will go on for possibly twice that long...  Overall I enjoyed it", 5.0
"For a family that already loves Scrabble the Super Scrabble was a great addition!  Gave it as a gift and it was received with joy. It was opened immediately and a game was underway.  Great fun.  Higher scores", 5.0
"We enjoyed this new version of Scrabble.  It made for scores over 500 and extended the playing time.  We would recommend this game.  It is hard to find anywhere but on the internet.  We were very happy with the serious provided by the online store", 5.0
"My son loves the original Scrabble and when he found out about this Super Scrabble, it was his must-have gift this Christmas.  He loves that the playing area is larger and the quadruple score letter and word spaces make this version even more fun.  The only drawback is that it can take quite a while to play an entire game (on average, it's taken us anywhere from 1 1/2 to 2 hours!) so it's not something we get to play often.  And, if I had my druthers, I would LOVE it if they made a deluxe version with the non-slide grids so that the board could be turned without the tiles getting jostled out of place", 4.0
"We gave this to my son for his 3rd birthday a month ago.  He loves it and puts it together almost every day.  It's gotten to the point where he hardly needs any help.  The level of difficulty seems perfect for him.  The pieces are large, colorful, and sturdy.  I feel this is a quality product", 5.0
"All of the Melissa and Doug puzzles are GREAT!!!  I have two boys ages 3 and 8 and they both love putting these puzzles together.  We recently bought the fire truck one because we have so much fun with the other three puzzles we got for Christmas.  The pieces are big and sturdy.  Keeps my busy boys occupied for hours!!  Highly recommended.", 2.0
"We got this bed for our toddler daughter after having tried every other silly trick to try and transition her from co-sleeping to her own bed. This bed worked IMMEDIATELY and she hasn't been in our bed since the very night we got it and assembled it.", 5.0
"Yes, it takes awhile to blow up but once it is done, it holds the air remarkably well.  Who cares if it looks like a "raft"...it keeps my child excited for bed time in her OWN bed and it keeps her from falling out of bed at 3 AM.", 4.0
"WELL worth the price, and WELL worth what it looks like for now. It's a great, inexpensive item to transition your toddler from infant to "big kid" bed.", 4.0
"This is a great overnight bed for Grandma and Grandpa's house. My son is 2 years old and absolutely LOVES his Elmo bed (well, to be honest, he LOVES all things Elmo). It said it took sheets but it will not work with a fitted sheet. We just put a blanket down in the bottom and then my son has a blanket over him.", 5.0
"This bed comes with a very archaeic foot pump to inflate. The first time we tried this we had not taken our air compressor and it took me 45 minutes to inflate. The next time we had the portable air compressor and it went up in about 5 minutes. It takes a little to deflate it also. We took the long route the first time by pinching open the valves (they are protected valves so you have to pinch them to take air out). The second time we took the nozzle from the foot pump, pushed it into the valve for inflation and viola.....we were then able to lay on the bed oursleves and deflate. You can never get all the air out either so we purchased a small plastic bin with a lid for storage. Over all a very good investment though", 4.0
"FOUR SCREAMING MONKEYS! These guys are sweet and funny and they do fly like nobody's business...and that scream is just frightening. They are fun to play with by yourself but they are especially good for pulling pranks at the office", 4.0
"I have to say that my 8 year old son and his friends love these guys.", 5.0
"I don't mind hearing the monkey screech the first 15-20 times, but honestly I can't wait until spring so they can go outside.", 4.0
"Lost 1 star because I'm out of Tylenol.", 5.0
"great for the office, 17/18 worked perfect, no response to my e-mail about the one faulty one", 5.0
"Thes were more fun than a barrel of monkeys!  They make real-sounding monkey noises when you shoot them across the room.  They last a long time too.  I bought them as Christmas gifts, and they still work in late February.  My wife took hers to work and people come to her office from all over the building to try it out.  Wayyyy worth the money", 5.0
"I bought these skates for my 3-year-old son after a trip to the skating rink. He loves them, and he wears them all over the house. They are high quality skates. Buy them with confidence because they are great", 5.0
"I bought these for my boys and they love them.  They have a lot of fun learning how to skate and we laugh a lot during the process.  I like the way that these skates adjust to the skating level of the skater and also adjust sizes.  They seem pretty durable and I don't have any complaints", 5.0
"I have to start by saying my kids love this bike.  I have a 2, a 4, and a 6 year old.  They all can ride this bike because of its versatility.", 5.0
"The problem is with the front wheel.  And you can't have a working bike without a working front wheel.  We bought this bike for Christmas, 2006.  3 months later, the rubber strip they call a tire, wore through, split and fell off.  The plastic rim is splitting.  Basically the front tire just fell apart.  Our other trike, the #33 Classic Red Dual Deck Tricycle has held up just fine, with a nice solid front wheel.", 4.0
"If your kids ride this as much as any normal, healthy, doesn't sit playing video games all day, kids do - then hold out on this one.  Get something with a better front wheel or wait till they redesign this front wheel", 5.0
"We have the "Original" Big Wheel (not really the same as the original by the way) and it is holding up fine but the kids don't really like it much because the wheel doesn't grip so it doesn't go fast.  We bought this Radio Flyer for my four year old and he loves it.  He figured out how to twist it from a trike to a chopper and back on the first day.   He rides it everywhere.  It will last for a long, long time.   It is well built and well balanced. And it goes fast", 4.0
"This was a great item, durable, easy to put together, and nice grow with you item.  This is not a good starter trike since there is no back support or seat belt.  This is also a big trike even for my 2 yr old who is in the 95% for height, he could barely reach the pedals.  I would say this is a great trike for a 2.5- 3yr old and one that has been on a tricycle before.  I ended up forking out the money for the Kettler Brummi Trike and it is well worth the money!  This will be great for when he is a little older and will love the big wheel feature", 5.0
"This twist feature is pretty cool - a real tricycle with the handlebars one way, unlock and twist 180 degrees and you've got a big wheel. The lock works just like the height adjustment lock on Razor scooters. My 3-year-old, who never quite took to our traditional tricycle, is eager to ride the Twist Trike in big wheel mode. Keeping my 6-year-old off it is the challenge. I'm also quite pleased with the quality of the Twist Trike, after reading a lot of dissatisfied reviews for the latest incarnation of the Big Wheel", 1.0
"We have three boys--ages 3, 4 and 5.  This is a great toy because they can all use it (in fact, they fight over it).  We bought it for the 3 year old because it will grow with him.  It hasn't gotten tons of use yet b/c we're in Minnesota and it was a Christmas gift (it's not a snow toy!).  It seems very sturdy and rugged, and the twist is unique and high quality.  I don't think we will regret spending a little extra on it.", 5.0
"I bought this for my grandson for his 2nd birthday and he loves it. This trike seems to be very well built and the conversion feature is awesome. I was looking for a "Big Wheel" type trike but the reviews of the new "Big Wheels" haven't been so good. Of course my grandson is only 2 so I guess we will see as he grows how durable this trike really is", 4.0
"My 3 year old and his 6 year old brother love this bike.  It's Radio Flyer, so its well made sturdy plastic.  Plus your child can grow with it.  My 6 year old can also flip it without any help from an adult.  This is one bike we'll probably store in the attic for when we have grandkids. It's that nice of a bike", 5.0
"My 4 yr. old son is obsessed with his cars and trucks and especially with the Cars movie.  He's constantly racing his growing collection of cars and trucks around the house and I began to think that he might enjoy having a track to race them on.  My husband has fond memories of the Hot Wheels track he had when he was a boy and suggested to some friends and family that that might make a good gift for him.  He did receive a couple of different Hot Wheels tracks, but they proved to be too complicated and difficult for my son to set up and run by himself and my husband was afraid that constantly buying batteries would prove to be quite expensive.", 4.0
"After doing some research, I finally settled on this Cars Lightning Fast Speedway Track Set.  I knew it would only work with his diecast cars from the Cars movie and not with the smaller Hot Wheels cars, but I figured it would be a good way to introduce him to using a race track with his cars and we could worry about getting a track for his Hot Wheels cars when he's  older.  Besides I knew that he would love it, because he loves the Cars movie so much.", 1.0
"I was right.  This was definitely the right track for my son right now.  It's one piece which means there are no complicated track pieces for him to figure out how to assemble and for him to scatter all over the house.  It also folds up which makes it easy to store and move around.  The on/off switch is a bit stiff but he can do it by himself.  He can also place the cars on the start ramp by himself and he loves to watch them race around the track.  He also loves when the crash in the middle.  The track works best with 2 cars at a time, but it also works reasonably well with 3 or 4 cars at a time as long as the batteries are fresh.  The only thing that doesn't seem to work as advertised is the hand pedal to increase or decrease speed.  It doesn't seem to really do anything at all when he pushes it down or pulls it up, but my son doesn't seem to care about this at all.  He just likes to watch the cars race and crash.", 4.0
"Not all of the Cars diecast vehicles work on this track.  The ones that are designed as race cars work great - Lightning, Chick, King, Doc etc.  Some of the cars that aren't race cars but have a similar shape also work fairly well - Sally, Sheriff etc. - though they sometimes get a little hung up on their way around the track and slow things down or crash.  The other characters such as Mater, Filmore, Ramone, Luigi, Guido, Red etc. don't work at all.  However, that doesn't seem to bother my son much.  He just turns the motor off and races them around the track by hand.  He races his Hot Wheels and Tonka Town trucks around the track by hand as well.", 2.0
"Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase and I believe my son is too.  He's played with it every day since he received it over a week ago, and I haven't had to replace the batteries yet - though I think they are slowing down a bit now.  I definitely reccommend this track set to any child 3-5 yrs old who's not ready for a traditional Hot Wheels track and who loves the Cars movie and cars", 2.0
"The Lightning Fast Speedway is a smaller, portable track than the Piston Cup Track Set.  My son is 3, loves Cars and is really enjoying this track.  It is short and fun with the crossing point providing some pretty big crashes.  These Die Cast Cars are sure tough.", 5.0
"The track comes with a Lightning McQueen die cast car that is identical to the normal Lightning die cast.  As my son had just lost his Lightning, having this one included with the track was perfect.  Many of the cars work very well with the track (especially the actual racing cars: Lightning, Chick, King, Leakless, Dinoco McQueen, Doc, and Nitroade.  Some cars don't work well.", 5.0
"The motor works pretty well, but is not perfect.  It does not have problems like those that have been reported with the Piston Cup Track, but it is not perfect.  There are times we need to spin the wheels manually to get the motor to engage and other times that I need to turn it off and on a couple of times.  That said, it has never failed to run.", 5.0
"The product description refers to pumping the hand pedal for fast racing.  I have not found pumping to do anything, but the wheel does spin faster (and the cars do go faster) when the pedal is pushed all the way down.", 1.0
"All told, we are very happy with this toy.  It is a great addition to our Cars collection", 4.0
"My 9 month old daughter loves it and will be able to grow with it. She doesn't completely understand it yet butElmo certainly entertains her", 2.0
"My 12 month old loves anything with Elmo on it.  She loves the lights and turning the pages.  This keeps her entertained for awhile, something that is not so common for her", 5.0
"My 1 year old son loves this piano.  It's easy for him to operate and it's small enough for him to carry it around.  Most pianos are so big and cluncky this one isn't at all.  He also loves the music it plays and the little song book flips pages", 5.0
"My daughter loves elmo, she was excited to see her new elmo toy for her 2nd borthday, she loves when it plays music she dances around, BUT when you turn the pages it will play a follow the light game instead of just playing music, she found that a bit frustrating", 5.0
"My daughter recieved this gift for her first Christmas from her grandmother and went nuts. This had to have been the most played toy of the million that she has. Thank you Elmo!", 4.0
"VERY small and  VERY boring. Was hard for my 11 month old to use because you have to push very hard for the toy to light up. It is very small. It didn't capture my daughters eye or keep her amused at ALL", 4.0
"Personally, I don't like this toy at all and was ready to return it after we had it home for two hours--my toddler, however, had different ideas!!", 5.0
"Elmo's head moves very stiffly and is a slightly different color from his body.  The sound is very "tinkly" and just doesn't sound like a high quality toy.  In fact, at one point I thought Elmo was speaking in a different language--it wasn't until my husband listened to the toy that we were able to figure out Elmo was saying "follow the lights."", 4.0
"However, my 21 month old LOVES this toy and has played with it multiple times a day since we brought it home.  She even wanted to take it to bed with her the first night and wouldn't go upstairs until she put her Elmo piano "night-night" in the family room!", 5.0
"She has no problems pressing the keys and turning the pages of the piano book.  She also quickly found the on/off switch and sometimes startles herself by turning the volume onto the loud setting.", 1.0
"One of the games (for lack of a better word) this toy has is a "follow the lights" game where the child plays a song as they press the lit up piano keys--this is way too advanced for a young child and she has no interest in this feature.", 5.0
"Even though I'm not a fan of the toy, based on my daughter's love of it, I gave this piano a 4 star rating", 4.0
"My son loves this toy. It's bright, durable, it plays lots of songs and it's easy on the batteries (our first set that the toy came with lasted for almost a whole year with frequent use). One key moves Elmo's head back and forth, one key spins Dorothy (the fish) around in her bowl, and the other keys move the whistle-shaped figures up and down. The song book flips for three different levels of fun.", 5.0
"The only complaint I have is that the key that spins Dorothy and also the key that moves Elmo's head are too stiff for a baby or even a younger toddler to push by himself.", 5.0
"~for sta", 5.0
"he got this toy for a Christmas gift from his cousin.  He plays with it every day.  The music is not to loud and it is portable enough to take with us on the go!", 2.0
"Did you see Jackie Robinson hit that ball?", 4.0
"Did he hit it boy, and that ain't all.", 4.0
"He stole home.", 1.0
"Yes, yes, Jackie's real gone.", 1.0
"On the front of the packaging for this Cooperstown Series 3 figure of Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers, it informs us that he was the "First Rookie of the Year in MLB History."  Of course, that is not exactly why Robinson is in the Hall of Fame or why in one of the smartest things they ever did Major League Baseball has retired Robinson's #42 for all teams (there is only one active player still wearing that number because of the grandfather clause, Mariano Rivera, who will also be heading for Cooperstown).  Suffice it to say this is a bit of an understatement regarding the importance of Jackie Robinson in baseball history.", 2.0
"The first thing to be said about this McFarlane Toys action figure is that they picked the perfect pose for remembering Jackie Robinson, showing him stealing home, just like it talks about in Woodrow Buddy Johnson's song, "Did You See Jackie Robinson Hit That Ball?" quoted above.  It is also how Jackie is shown on the 33 cent stamp issued to commemorate the 1940s and the 20 cent commemorative stamp honor Robinson that the Post Office put out in 1982.  Not only did Robinson break the color barrier when he joined the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947 but he brought along the speed game from the Negro Leagues to the Major Leagues, stealing home 19 times.", 1.0
"This time it makes sense that not only Jackie's uniform but also home plate are covered with dirt from the slide.  The figure is held to the base by a single pin and you want to be sure to adjust it so that the left shin is nestles up against the little raised pile of dirt in front of home plate.  This means that Jackie's left foot is touching home plate so he is clearly safe.  This is a smaller pin already in the base where you can stick Jackie's hat, which has fallen from his head.  There is limited articulation with this figure: the head and two arms can both be adjusted slightly. However, the pose you see above is basically what you are going to end up with when you display this one.  Finally, additional bonus points for the sculpting job they did on Jackie's face, which is one of the best McFarlane Toys has turned out to date.  It lists Robinson as playing 2B, which was main position 1948-52 (he played 1B his rookie season and mostly OF and 35 his last years in baseball).", 4.0
"As far as I am concerned all baseball fans should have the figures of Babe Ruth and Jackie Robinson, because they are the two most important players in baseball history and it does not matter who you root for (the Babe was in Series 2, although there is a sepia toned version of that figure out there as well).  The other five action figures in Series 3 of the Cooperstown Collection are Mickey Mantle of the New York Yankees (3-Time American League MVP), Roberto Clemente of the Pittsburgh Pirates (11-Time All-Star), Carlton Fisk as a Boston Red Sox urging his famous home run in Game 6 of the 1975 World Series to stay fair at Fenway Park (11-Time All-Star), Nolan Ryan as a California Angel (All-Time Strikeout King), and Don Mattingly of the New York Yankees (Yankee Captain & 1985 American League MVP).  It is great to have figures of the great players of the past and there are certainly some more members of the Dodgers both in Brooklyn (e.g, Roy Campanella, Duke Snider) and in Los Angeles (e.g., Sandy Koufax, Don Drysdale) who I hope to see in future Cooperstown Series.", 5.0
"NECA continues to get very cool licenses for their movie figures, and have continued where McFarlane started. In fact I prefer their figures to the McFarlane ones. However they do have some problems. Sometimes their figures won't stand up. Such as this one. The only way to get him to stand is to lean him up against the wall. The design for this figure has his feet positioned at a weird angle. In fact the whole stance of the figure looks off. Pushing a button on the back of the figure will play the Freddy jump rope song. Yes, thats cool, but it is a pain to to activate due to the fact you have to lean this figure against a wall. It also comes with an optional demon head, which you can replace the Freddy head with. Honestly, if you want a large Freddy figure to display, track down the older McFarlane one. You will pay a lot more, but it is a lot better sculpt than this one and it is based on  a better Nightmare film (Nightmare part 1). That or just buy the 7" figure that NECA recently re-released", 1.0
"Item came in perfect condition and I was very pleased. Thank you so much", 5.0
"The cutest car ever, hard to find in my area but finally I did", 4.0
"Speaking the truth , these cars are not so hard find,i happened to find sarge, matter, fillmore and lighting mcqueen at target...the demand is high but not over the edge...its  online sellers that make you believe these are hard to get, so you can fall for the bait and purchase from them at 20.00 bucks a piece..dont get ripped off!!!! just go around your local toystores, walgreens, cvs, go to your local rinky-dinky pharmacy and youll find them.....sometimes in autoparts like pep-boys youll find them....and by the way theyre not so overpriced in ebay....they range from 7 to 10 bucks with shipping and everything...by the way i dont have lizzie, but i wont give my hopes up.....lizzie by all means looks and IS the hardest car to get..i mean just look at her!!!!! come on!!!!!!!", 5.0
"Lizzie is a nice little car.  Her wheels seems like they could bend in like the tractor die-cast from the movie moments collection.  My kids left the tractor on the floor and the wheel bent in.  It was fixable, but if it bends too much it could break off.  Metal can only take so much stress before it breaks.  I have to be on constant guard to take care of these cars.  I think the child should be older to take good care of her.  If she were to get stepped on she could break off a wheel.  The wheels aren't set in like the other cars wheels are.  The ages of my boys are [...].  My [...] plays with these cars more, though.", 5.0
"Plus, I finally found Lizzie at Target.  These cars are hard to find, but Lizzie and Sarge are the hardest two to find.  Her and Sarge were the only two left that I needed to get to complete my son's collection.  Unbelieveable how hard these two are to find.  I have her at last and now I am trying to find Sarge.  I might have to resort to ebay to get Sarge.  The prices seem to have dropped some.", 5.0
"These cars are as well made and as fun as Hot Wheels and Matchbox, but thanks to all the so-called collectors out there ripping them off the shelves to jack the prices up at auction, real kids can't play with them.", 5.0
"Yes, She is hardest to find. Since my toddler saw her at picture, he want she. Since today I hadn't found it but I have to wait to travel to USA to buy it because outside of USA she's not available", 5.0
"I just bought this doll last night in the store, and she is adorable. She is so lifelike. She looks just like Martina did in that outfit on that night at the Country Music Awards. I have her on display in my livingroom. I stopped collecting Barbies as a hobby a few years ago, but being such a fan of Martina McBride and of country music in general, I had to have her", 5.0
"I have her she is beautiful she is more beautiful in life I have her right in front of me right now! I want the LeAnn Rimes doll next I`m a huge country music fan!", 5.0
"Bratz Lover", 4.0
"My Scene Lover", 1.0
"Barbie Lover", 5.0
"~!~Catlover~!", 4.0
"A very good likeness of Martina and a special gift to be given to my grandchildren", 5.0
"I love Martina and have been a fan for many of years.  So I will never take the doll out of the box, she will be in my Martina collection.", 5.0
"Joannie", 5.0
"(Lake Zurich, IL.", 5.0
"Cute,realistic doll, fun collector's item to display in the box, in one of my curio cabinets", 4.0
"Oh shut up you old frump! My Scene dolls are just as pretty! And lotsa people would be VERY angry!  Plus they are a WHOLE DIFFERENT LINE!!! So unless regular Barbie sales just kinda stop, THERE WILL BE BARBIES!!!! By the wat, since I'm here, very pretty doll", 5.0
"This game is great fun - play it on trips or before dinner. All ages will enjoy. Works your brain to set up patterns to win. A two person game works nicely as a tournament - winner plays winner etc. Fast moving", 2.0
"The photo here of the Beach Glam Ken doll doesn't really do him justice.  I bought him at my local drug store before I saw him here at Amazon.  He's very cute.  Maybe it's the lighting when they took the photo that appears here at Amazon, but overall it makes him look pale and washed out.  If I hadn't seen him right there at the drug store and only made my decision by the Amazon photo, I most likely would not have bought him.  As it is, I'm glad he's now a part of my collection with my other Mattel Barbie Beach dolls and her other friends.  I plan to do a photo story using the Beach group sometime this summer", 1.0
"This was a Christmas gift for a child, and was received with great enthusiasm", 5.0
"We gave this to our son for his second birthday and he really enjoys playing with it. I guess it's only as good as whatever accessories you get to go with it - we have some plastic dishes and some small utensils, and it keeps him very busy while I am working in the kitchen. Mostly he puts things in the oven, takes the bowl of the sink out and puts things in that way, bangs with his spatula, etc. It is well-made and has a lot of play value for the little space it takes up", 4.0
"My husband and I were very pleased with this purchase.  It was a gift for my son and he loves it too.  Thanks", 5.0
"i havnt got da chaos duel disk but im gettn it soon, ive alredy got da old 1 but i want da new 1m, ive got da best cards in da world ima not dat rich but rich enuf i like joey da best he iz so kool ma dek iz based on machine an warrior type enuf 4 now but ill write agai", 5.0
"this is so COOL it has everything from the show i mean unless you wan to suck your thumb all day lon", 5.0
"All Of you Duliest's you think you are the best you better think again. Me and my brother will Trash you. I Repeat Me And My Brother Will Trash You. Expeciily My Brother He Is The Ultimate Duliest. He has never been beaten in his whole yu-gi-oh life. P.S I Think the New duel Disk Lancher is cool", 5.0
"This is really great because if you have a little brother they wont grab your cards. It is also great be like in the show.", 4.0
"Hay, I got a question for the "Yu-Gay-Oh" kid,if you hate Yu-Gi-Oh so much,then why the heck did you BUY IT!!", 5.0
"people!!!!! Stop thinking this toy is not worth your time. This is a great toy. I guess that is why I gave it 5 stars for every question. Thanks for listening!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 2.0
"This toy is so lame. The paper sheets that come with it are hard to keep on. The pegs fall out unless you use the papers, and then they still don't usually stay in. The pegs that come in a row(to save time) only fit diagonally, and stay in even worse than the single pegs. This toy is super lame and useless. Don't waste your money", 5.0
"Not enough pf the pages!  I know you can buy replacement packs but they should definately include more.  And the replacment pages should be sold anywhere that Lite Brite is sold!  What a bother!", 5.0
"Other than that, this toy rocks.  Its just as great as the one I had when I was little. My 5 year old daughter got this for her birthday.  Its educational in that it helps her with the alphabet and spelling (because of the letters on the pages representing each color)", 5.0
"A great toy for a child and I am having fun with it too", 5.0
"The toy is fun for about ages 5 and up.  My little sisters got it for Christmas and one of them just turned four.  She also had a little trouble with the V meaning purple.  The pegs do fall out easily for her but the 5 year old understood that you really have to push them in.  It is educational in the sense that they can see how the letters represent the colors because that is what starts the word.  My 5 year old sister is almost reading and it was good practice for her, especially because she wanted to get out easy by just asking me and I wouldn't answer her.", 5.0
"I wanted to buy them refills for the older one's birthday.  I work at Toys R Us and I actually found a couple refill packets, just so you know some places do have them", 5.0
"This was a great Christmas present for my 6 yo and 4 yo to share.  They both loved it and it is easy to operate.  I do agree that there need to be more sheets included.  We ran out the first day.  There is nowhere to purchase them online anywhere or any store", 5.0
"O i love this toy i read some of the reveiws and the refills are alredy out pepole! well some of you got your 2002 i got my the week bofore chrismas whicth is 2004 almost 2005 yepee! anyways i give this toy three 5 stars and for educational value 0 because it all for fun what educational about that you can make pictures :| nope and when the light bulb gose out you can use reguler light bulbs as longs as there not so big that it won't fit in the mouthpice or screw for the light brite anyways it a good toys and if you don't want yo use black refills you can use pink green or even blue refilles wicth are coming out in feb 2005 or if you can't wait use notebook paper :D I know this dosn't go with the subject but can anyone tell me where i can get a new trumpet case??? kust added to your reveiw or email me at Mailboy800@yahoo.co", 5.0
"Ok. Personally, I like the toa nuva better than the toa metru so I traded my Vakama figure for this one day. He is Awesom!!! I always wonder why the guys at lego took the toa nuva off the shelves, they are aewsom, too bad I only have one. Anyway, he has these cool lava swords that you can put into his leg and use as a surfbord for lava.  His armor is neat and shiny and his mask is cool too. He is also the leader of the toa an the most powerful. I recomend that yoiu get this figure, it is aewsom", 5.0
"Tahu is soooooo cool!!! And mine BROKE !!!! I had tahu just sitting peacefully on the floor , lava surfing, and then POOF! it BROKE !! Now that is so stupid , because ITS LEG BROKE !!! When will amazon get it ? I NEED KOPAKA AND TAHU NOW !!!! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"i love tahu nuva i had one two yearsago but i lost him somehow", 4.0
"i LOVE him if you dont have one [like me] you should go and find one he is COO", 5.0
"Personally, I am a bionicle freak. When I saw the first bionicle set of the 6 original toa, i knew i would do pretty much anything to get them. (if you are wondering i am 13 years of age) Of course I ended up loving them and in time, I was bonkers for bionicle. For you parents who read this, you are probably thinking that these lego models are just another item that your child will want so badly, play with for a week or so, and never touch again. This is a completely different matter. These aren't your ordinary action figures, these are fun to build and to play with and you can use your imagination to make new things out of them any time you wish. Another plus is they do not brake easily. (if you've gone through the conflict of mommy-my-toy's-arm-broke-off) If your child loves to build things,has a remarkable immagination, and likes various colorful action heroes, (my apologies for those going through the power rangers phase) bionicle toa and toa nuva are worthy of the title, "must-have". Educational as well, your child will learn a few basics of simple machines and motors as well. Thank you for reading my review, I just hope my mother reads it", 5.0
"I think Tahu Nuva is completely durable becasue he survived a lot with me. I even spilt yogurt on it and it cleaned right up. Lego builds self-esteem because you have to make them first before you can play.  I like to mix up the parts from different sets.  Once I made an exo-Villager.  I'm going to try to collect all of them", 5.0
"My daughter received this as a present and while we were excited about all the activities that the book is capable of, it doesn't help if the book never works.  I don't know if it was the cartridge or the pencil, but the book does not recognize anything the pencil does and keeps repeating the initial book greeting over and over.  After reading the other comments on this book, I've decided not to replace it.  We'll wait until Leap Frog "fixes" the product line first", 4.0
"My son enjoyed his leap pad for twenty minutes and has had no interest in using it since.  I thought it might be good for airplanes and giving him another way to practice his writing. It completely failed to hold his interest.  By far the worst use of money this year", 5.0
"I purchased this LeapPad Plus Writing for my son about 18 months ago.  It was GREAT for the first year we had it. Then, all of a sudden, the Pen stopped responding. Changed the batteries and it would work for a bit, then stop again.  I finally started hunting around for a replacement pen and could not find one for this pad. They have them for the "regular" Leap Pads.  Finally, I had to break down and purchase a whole new pad and lo and behold, we've had it for ~1 month and the pen has stopped responding.  The concept of the writing is absolutely wonderful, but find a different way to get your child excited about learning to write.  We have a Quantum Pad that is about 19 months old and it still works beatifully!  Avoid this Leap Pad Plus if you can", 5.0
"We have had the LeapPad Plus Writing for a couple of years now.  When it works it is great my kids love it.  The Durabily is awful!  We are now on our 5th or 6th pen for it.  This must be a problem for most of them since the last time I called the company they autimatically stated on one of the phone options that you can get up to 2 free pens for it (with the cost of $5 s/h for each pen -another $10 bucks down the drain when it actually only costs them probably a $1 to ship by mail.)  The pen is so sensitive sometimes it seems to work ok then others like on the bones of the body- you can touch on the bone and it will give you the wrong answer.  The books are a lot of fun and educational but we paid $80 for this when it first came out and we own probably 7 book ($15 average per book)and if the Leap Pad isn't working the books are a waste).  The last time I used this with my son and it started off working fine then all of a sudden the pen wouldn't recognize anything.  I called the Co. and they told me they would give me 1/2 off a new Leap Pad plus Writing book.  I thought that was kind of stupid considering I already have one that obviously isn't working and wouldn't spend money on getting a new one that will have the same problems.  They suggest when having problems with the pen to clean the prongs with alcohol - this has never worked for me.", 1.0
"It might be okay to buy if the pen wasn't attached to the book because it seems every little tug you need a new pen.  I am debating on getting the new Leapster L-max, but am worried that it will also have problems.  Very disappointed in the LeapPad Plus Writing", 4.0
"My son started off with My First LeapPad about 3 years ago.  It held his attention as much as anything else...only if he was in the mood.  We now have upgraded to the LeapPad Plus Writing and he absolutely loves it.  The writing component is a plus as he is now getting the gist of sounding out letters.  This is the boost he needed. Downside of this -- you'll need an endless supply of books to keep your child occupied.  If your child is like my son, he won't want to rewrite on an activity he feels he's already mastered!  He finds the games fun but like anything else, you play to much and know the answers - you want to move on.", 5.0
"I've used other looms with pegs at both ends to wrap the yarn around, and those frequently snapped off.  So I really like how the base of this loom is one solid piece of wood with notches instead of pegs.", 5.0
"Both my 2nd grade son and 1st grade daughter used this loom to supplement their study of ancient Greek/Roman cultures, and were quite pleased with the placemats they made.  My son wanted to know why weaving was considered work since it was so much fun!", 5.0
"While they have set this loom aside now that spring is here, I think they will still voluntarily choose to use it in the weeks to come.  And if not, it still has a lot of potential for rainy/sick days and for making special gifts for doting relatives.", 5.0
"This is a very nice introductory weaving set.  I did a small amount of weaving when I was younger, and this is a very nice set for children.  I bought this for my 7 year old SON, who is very artistic and he is having great fun with it.  My 9 year old is also very interested in it, so I am going to get another kit.  But BEWARE!!! If you are buying this.  The box only has girls on it!!!! I almost sent it back for fear that it would turn my boys off with the message that this is only for girls.  Luckily, my sons don't pay a lot of attention to this, but ALEX should be more careful about the messages they are sending.  Weaving is a great hobby for girls AND boys.  Some of the greatest weavers in history have been men and in some native cultures, only men were allowed to weave.  Weaving is a great and relaxing hobby that both girls and boys should be encouraged to enjoy.  If not for the marketing issues, I would have given this item 5 stars", 4.0
"This game is a new classic, celebrating its 20th anniversary this year.  It came out just as the board game market was being flooded with Trivial Pursuit imitators, and because it was so different, it stood out in the crowd and became a huge hit.", 4.0
"It's become something of a cultural icon, being featured in movies (remember that great scene in When Harry Met Sally, where Sally's trying to draw "Baby Talk" and Jess shouts out "Baby Fish Mouth"?) and has become a staple in many game closets.", 5.0
"This game is deservedly popular, and will remain popular for many years to come.  It's a great housewarming gift to help a newlywed couple or recent college graduate build up their collection of games.  Grab one for yourself, while you're at it, if you don't already have one", 4.0
"We used Pictionary as an ice breaker with a group of new hires at my company. It really invigorated the group. The only thing is that the words are that challenging for adults.", 4.0
"This game is a classic because it's funny when other players CAN'T draw and surprising when they can.  That's why I like all of the party games that give you an opportunity to discover the hidden talents of your friends and family like Rigmarole, Taboo and Cranium.", 4.0
"The thing I love about Pictionary - apart from laughing at the crazy drawings people come up with - is that you don't have to be a great artist to win. That's good for me, I can tell you! You see, it's not so much how *well* you can draw, but more how well you can get a point across in *what* you draw. I've seen people guess the right answer from some pretty simple line drawings. In fact, you'll be amazed at how some partners seem to almost sense what the answer is.", 5.0
"I'm sure most people know how the game is played, but just in case, here's the gist:", 5.0
"There are several categories that come up randomly as you progress around the Pictionary board. Sometimes one person from each team draws (we make this rule apply all the time); otherwise one person draws and their partner guesses what their drawing means. The first person to guess before the timer runs out wins the round and that team rolls to go again. That's basically it anyway.", 5.0
"I love this game and I highly recommend it for a good night of entertainment with friends and family", 4.0
"My friends and I have taken Pictionary to a whole new level.  Most of the time it's guys against girls, and the men in my life have yet to win a game!  This is a game for everyone, although I have found that the better you draw, the worse it is for you.  Artists tend to take there time, and when you're faced against the timer...all bets are off!  I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes to get together with friends and have a good time", 5.0
"Before I begin to rant-get one thing straight. I LOVE BOARD GAMES!!! So you can imagine how bad this is, if someone like me, who owns at least 200 board games, despises it. This game is just plain stupid. Also, since I tend to get nervous when I'm on timer, hated the little hourglass, pouring sand into the bottom chamber. Please, don't throw away your hard-earned money, get yourself a fun and more worthwile game, like Trivial Pursuit, or Clue", 2.0
"I was at a family event last week and we were all trying to figure out what to do. The suggestion for a movie came up. One of my cousins fought the idea saying he didn't come all the way to visit so we could all sit together in the dark to watch a film. So we went to Walmart and bought some games. Taboo, Cranium, and Pictionary. Well, we had such a great time together. We really laughed and bonded. That weekend as we rode around one cousin pulled out a singing lesson Cd and played it in the car, Voice Lessons To Go by Vaccarino, so we all sang together in our car like crazies- again having the best time. The rest of the weekend, we played more games and never thought about turning on the TV or watching a film. My niece even played the piano for us one night and we sang songs from a song book. These games really help bring back the communication our generation has lost", 5.0
"Fast deliver and good conditio", 5.0
"These small compacts are similar (in size & concept) to the original  Polly Pockets. They are like a mini-play universe in a little 4.5 inch or so little box with minimal tiny loose parts. They are great for imaginative play. My 7 year old is new to Pokemon and she loves them", 4.0
"I was not able to find in any store or on ebay.  this was a great find and a very welcome addition to my sons collection.  was shipped very quickly and i had it for christmas", 4.0
"For those of you who are new at the Yu-Gi-Oh TCG, I suggest you start with a Starter (naturally!), but you'll want to get this and other Structure Decks eventually. Not only do they contain many of what we call "Staple," or standard, cards--which are found in nearly every deck due to their sheer unbridled power--they are built tough and ready to duel with cards that work with one another--not so with the Starters. Unless you're experienced, however, you won't know how to use 'em, so start with the Starters.", 5.0
"This particular Starter Deck, the "Blaze of Destruction" starter, comes with some deadly combos. Backfire burns your opponent for 500 damage every time he kills off one of your flaming beasts; Solar Flare Dragon burns 'em for another 500 every turn and can't be attacked if another Pyro-Type is in play on your side of the field; Ultimate Baseball Kid gains 1000 points for every Pyro-Type on your side of the field, for a possible 4000 points; Infernal Flame Emperor has the potential to blast every Spell or Trap your opponent has in play right into next week upon his very dramatic entrance.", 5.0
"To really see the destructive power this deck possesses, buy one and try it out. It's a good place to start if you want to get into tournament play--you won't win any regionals with it, granted, but it's a good place to start nonetheless.", 5.0
"Also check out it's brother deck, "Fury from the Deep.", 4.0
"i have been duling 4 2 days now that i started a new deck so i need advise on how to get the godcards:Obalicks the tormenter,Slyfer the skydragon,and winged dragon of rahh.", 4.0
"i know a card that can destroy all egipgan god cards............", 5.0
"i think it is light of the shining puzzle or somthe'n like da", 5.0
"it is really good i added obelisk the tormentor now i am unstopabl", 5.0
"This is my first structure deck and it will probably be my best. I up graded it with magic cylinder, a team -trap disposal unit ,woodburg impachi and some other pretty good cards. I really think if you are a expirenced duelist like me you should buy it", 5.0
"I agree with the other reviewers that the small number of puzzles made it too easy to memorize the solutions.  My kids enjoyed this game the first time but had no interest in it again until several months later when they again enjoyed it for one round.  Not worth the money", 5.0
"I really like all of the I Spy products.  I like the beautiful photos, and I like to find the items in the books, too.  Knowing that, we got this game off of an Amazon.com wish list for my daughter's third bithday.  She's still playing with it at four years, but she needs my help to lay out the pieces and play it with her.  I would recommend it, though.  The puzzle pieces are easy to put together, and it is a well made toy", 5.0
"This concept is a great for little kids. Personally I think it is geared towards ages 2-4 yrs. Problem is, there are only so many pieces and it took my daughter 2 times to memorize the game. She was 3 and I found it too easy for her. She loves I Spy but this game isn't worth it. Get the momory game instea", 5.0
"I just wanted to correct the manufacture's age recommendation info. provided at the beginning of the item description.  The box says it is for children aged 3-6.  My 3 & 6 year old can both play it.  In reference to the first reviewer who did not recommend the game - there are 5 different ways to play which makes the game more challenging for older kids.", 5.0
"We love our new Folio Scrabble! We took it to Starbucks and played a half a game and when it was time to leave, we just packed it up and off we went.  The portability is nice.  I do agree with the other reviews as far as the size of the tiles - they are tiny.  It is also a bit difficult to take the tiles off the board because they are pretty much set in there when you click them on.  Otherwise, it is perfect to take with you anywhere.", 5.0
"My family and I enjoy a challenging game of Scrabble and with this little zipped case and snap on tiles it's good to go anywhere. The writing on the board spaces are a little small for anyone with vision problems.", 5.0
"This is perfect for home or travel; we even bring it to the beach.  The pieces actually click in so the wind is no problem and it is big enough to play at the house as well", 5.0
"This is a great board for traveling, but no good for home use.  It is bigger than expected but any smaller and the pieces would be too small.  Wish it had a little travel dictionary in it.  I like how well the pieces stay in place, easily put away then brought back out during flights", 5.0
"Loved the idea of a scrabble travel game; unfortunately, this left me a little disappointed.  The pieces are extremely small and this would not be a problem except they are snap in, not made with strong magnets.  Snap in might not even be a problem but these are extremely difficult to remove from the slots once in place.  Functional but not for those with arthritis, fine motor control problems, or visual problem.  Heck even if you had none of these difficulties it could be difficult to use", 5.0
"This is a great buy!  A group of us get together every summer at the Washington coast for a Big Chill weekend and travel scrabble is always part of the agenda.  I liked it so much I bought one for myself and gave two as Christmas gifts.  I like the travel edition as the letters don't slide all over the board", 5.0
"Tiles lock in place to store so you can save your game for later, very fun for travel.  The tiles & gameboard are smaller than the normal Scrabble, so it's more of a travel size game that you can bring to parties for fun", 4.0
"I bought this game for my dad who really enjoys a good game of Scrabble.  He needed a compact, self-contained version of the game so I thought this was perfect.  He has really enjoyed it.  He has pretty large hands and doesn't seem to have any problem manuevering the pieces.", 5.0
"This is a great game for taking on the road, or just using in a confined space period", 2.0
"I purchased this product as a Christmas gift and it was greatly appreciated. I give it five stars (actually a suggestion from my granddaughter for whom it was purchased), but I am a little disappointed that it did not come with a stylus. Prior to purchase I had phoned customer service to make sure that it did come with the stylus and was assured it did. Unfortunately that was not the case. It was too late for me to return the item and choose one with a stylus as it was very close to Christmas. However, it is always enjoyed by my granddaughter", 4.0
"BONKERS contains 540 game cards in four card categories.  Players have 30 seconds to come up with as many answers as possible to match four Bullseye Answers provided on the game card.  Seems simple, but there's a catch.  There is always more than one answer to a question.  For example, a question might ask you to find countries that begin with an H?  Players would try to come up with as many answers as possible: HOLLAND; HUNGARY; HONDURAS; HAITI. The player's goal is to match the answers given on the game card and win scoring chips.  Any answers not matched are left for opposing players to steal and win scoring chips.  The questions are based around four different categories:  AD ONS,  WHAT THE BLANK;  RHYME TIME, and LETTER PERFECT.  For instance, a Rhyme Time question might ask players to come up with words that rhyme with SLIME.  Yes, you can go on forever rhyming, but the trick is to try your luck at matching the answers on the game card and win scoring chips.  The AD ONS questions are for those word gurus, asking questions like - Come up with words that start with HOUSE.  All of us immediately say HOUSEWIFE, but after that it becomes a little tricky....HOUSEFLY, HOUSEBROKEN, etc.  In the "What the Blank" category, you are asked to think of words to fill in the blank space.  For instance, the question might be:  Think of words to fill in the blank GRAND blank? Answers would include: GRAND OPENING; GRAND FINALE; GRAND PRIZE; GRAND SLAM.  Remember, you have to match the answers given on the game card to win points, so you really need to go Bonkers finding answers to win as many scoring chips as possible.  This is a fast pace game with question types that  almost everybody and anybody can answer.  A truly great party game!", 4.0
"I bought this cart and register for my [...] year old daughter for Christmas.  She just loves it!  She likes to set up the "groceries" around the house and then take her shopping cart or basket around to pick out her groceries.  She likes to talk on the cash register's microphone and loves that the scanner really beeps.  The register is kind of small and the billed money has to be folded to fit in the drawer, but otherwise we were very pleased.  She can play for hours", 5.0
"My twins love this toy and frequently cry when it's time to go to bed. They prefer to sleep with it in the crib. I don't let them because there is a string attached. But if you want about 20 minutes of peace, but this toy", 4.0
"I shipped this item to my niece in Texas who is three.  She loves it.  It is colorful and kid friendly.  I would recommend this item", 5.0
"The Little People Doodle Pro is easy and fun to use for a 3 year old. Also, it is a sturdy item that will stay around for quite some time. The Little People characters are so colorful and the shape forms that are included are a good size for the child to manipulate. Lots of opportunity for creative ideas", 5.0
"My daughter recvd this for x-mas from her grandpa and she is to keep this toy at his house for her to play with when she comes to visit. We were over there this past fathers day and she was playing with it i agree the soccer ball eraser does not erase all the way and to me was irratating, to her she didn't seem to mind. I don't think my daughter had any problems w/ the pen b/c if she did i would definately know! When we were leaving she was not done drawing and wanted to take it w/us which we would not let her and she kind of had a fit. oh well life goes on!:) over all i think this is a durable toy and definately a good thing to maybe  bring out in the car when you run errands or on a long road trip where they can draw and amuse themselves", 4.0
"I had previously purchased the standard blue Doodle Pro for my 3 year old, and he loved it - a great toy.  So when my 1 1/2 year old twins started showing an interest in drawing, I purchased one of these Little People boards for each of them.  Much to my disappointment, the tip on the end of the pen was so short that its impossible to draw unless the pen is straight up and down.  The soccer ball slide eraser is so tight that they can hardly move it.  The only good thing is the magnets are nice and big and easy to use.  I have to say that all in all, this is taking the product downhill - stick with the standard Doodle Pro, you'll be much happier", 5.0
"My son will be two in one week and he loves this!  He is always picking up toys in the store and then getting tired of them before we get to the check out or before we get to the house with them once they are out of the package.  He has a blast with this, telling me the colors of the balloons and shapes.  He also uses the shapes to count out when he makes a new one on the screen.  It's easy for him to use and erase.  Excellent travel toy too!  I highly recommend this for any toddler that's not easy to occupy in a restaurant or anywhere for that matter", 4.0
"My 2 year old loves this Doodle Pro.  He and his 5 year old brother play with it quite a bit.  I like it because I'm not sure if he is left or right handed at this age.  The drawing pen is in the middle and can move from side to side making it easy for both left and right handed children to use.  Unlike the Basic Doodle Pro, or even the Original Magna Doodle where the pen is on the right(although Magna Doodle does have a long string).  The shapes are fun and can create different pictures, like a house, or making a face.  We enjoy it and it's a good size for lots of drawing.", 4.0
"We bought our daughter this little giggle phone thinking that Sesame Street would be a trusted vendor that would use the highest quality materials to construct the toy.  Our child put the toy in her mouth once and chewed on it a little bit (as many kids do)....and we noticed that the paint on the eyes had immediately scraped off.  We took that toy away and haven't given it back.  We just wanted to let others out there know that despite the age recommendation, if there is any chance your child might put the toy in their mouth, then this is not the toy for you", 5.0
"My daughter loves the eggplant!  A nice alternative to a hobby horse", 5.0
"Great toy for little kids who are walking. It is good for inside and outside. It is cute. You can't fall off it and fall very far. Very gentle design. It is fun. It is inexpensive. It plants the idea that farming and gardening are good things, a unique truth in our modern age.", 5.0
"Bought this and the Lightning McQueen toy for my kids at Christmas.  McQueen car is really really fast.  This one sometimes runs pretty slow.  They are both on the same radio frequency which is not good because the kids really want to play with them at the same time.  Response time for the RC is really intermittent.  Otherwise the kids just love this toy", 5.0
"I bought my little boy LOTS of expensive toys for Christmas.  I bought Mater almost as an after thought...guess what...It's his FAVORITE!!!  He ABSOLUTELY LOVES MATER!!!  He loves to watch it go backwards...he ADORES that little truck!!!  He really wasn't that crazy about the movie until he got this little truck...I AM SO GLAD I GOT IT FOR HIM!!!  WE LOVE MATER!", 5.0
"I purchased the "Tow-Mater" and "Lightning McQueen" for my seven year old grandson for Christmas.  I don't know who enjoyed it more, my grandson or my son-in-law!  The only problem we found that the control for the "Tow-Mater" would also control the "Lightning McQueen" car.  Which my son-in-law found amusing, but my grandson found frustrating, because Dad was controling his car too!  These cars are definitely fast action.  It might be hard for younger children to control the cars.  I will definitely add more of the "Cars" radio controlled vehicles to my grandson's, (& son-in-law's) collection", 5.0
"This car can drive the calmist mother to insanity. The amount of noise created is unbelievable and unneccesary. The remote if you can call it that has a wire that comes out of it that is NOT recommended for any child under the age of 8. When I purchased this item for my four year old, I was expecting him to be able to hit forward, backwards, left, right. The car is constantly in motion always going backwards and to the left. You hit the one button on the "remote" and it drives the car forward. My boys do not enjoy playing with this except to watch it go around and around backwards and driving mom crazy. The batteries are also easily accesible with nothing there to stop a 2 year old from taking them out and trying to eat them. Needless to say, the cars now have no batteries and my sons' arms move the cars much better than the batteries and "remote" ever could", 4.0
"We bouht this doll for our 17-month-old daghter, on her 2nd Christmas. We wanted a nice doll that would withstand some wear and be cuddly enough for her to sleep with. She loves it!!", 4.0
"The Little Mermaid is one of her favorite movies and I was unable to find that doll anywhere. It came in a more than timely fashion,in the box. Wonderful first doll for your little princess", 4.0
"I had looked everywhere for this little doll! Ariel is a great first doll for our little one and the only doll we could find that matched our own little red head with blue eyes. Ariel is all soft except for her head and there are no items(i.e. buttons, beads,etc.) that can pull off from her outfit. The only thing that needs to be watched for is her hair, she has a tiny clear hairband that holds her hair back which I just removed due to having a little one who still puts everything in her mouth and that was the first thing that she tried to get at!!!! Now I want to get the other Little Princess' in the collection!", 4.0
"It's cute. If your kid is obsessed with Dora it's a nice addition to their collection. It's pretty small, which can be good as it doesn't take up too much room. No assembly, soft and squishy. It's a chair.", 5.0
"My husband installed 4 of these locks on my sewing table.  It took him approximately 45 minutes to install all 4 (Including time for me to empty out the overfull drawers!).  My sewing cabinet has 3 drawers and 1 cabinet.", 1.0
"They come with a sticky template that he thought was wonderful. My drawers are over 3/4 inches thick and with the extensions the locks worked great! They came with a drill bit marker to make sure you stop before you drill through the front of the drawer.", 1.0
"I have heard that the older packages did not include the drill marker or the templates.  I guess they have corrected the issues people have been complaining about.", 5.0
"Pros: Drill bit marker, sticky templates, ease of use, the drawer does not open at all (keeps curious little fingers out of my pins!), little red latch to keep drawer in open position if you are going to use it a lot, and super strong!", 4.0
"Cons: Pricey and instruction sheet had a lot of acronyms but if you read through it before installing it is okay.", 5.0
"Now we know they work great and are fairly easy to install we are getting more", 5.0
"I was so excite to get these locks, and that soon wore off. We have a newer home and all of our cabinets have trim or molding around the outside. Both my husband And I tried to install and get them to work. We had no such luck are cabinets were to thick but were not thick enough to use the extender. After mean attempts and many failures we returned them. Our friends also had the same problem. Be careful we almost drilled a whole through the cabinet door.", 4.0
"I have another friend who has these in her house and they do work great for her, her cabinets are flat. Just be weary and save your receipt.", 5.0
"My 18 mo old learned to unlock the standard latch style locks so I researched till I found these.  My dh installed them (it looked pretty complicated at 1st, but wasn't really hard).  It's really neat and they work great.  She can't get in", 5.0
"My son's first reaction to his new 'big boy' furniture was to open the drawers and climb up.  We tried the lesser expensive spring locks, but he can still open the drawers a little bit and climb up.  That's when I found the tot locks and the drawers do not budge unless you have the key.  I love the option where he can't pry the drawer open to climb.  Spring locks are good in our kitchen for easy frequent access, but for a bedroom tot locks are perfect!  I've read reviews where they are difficult to install, I had no issues at all with directions or install", 5.0
"I was excited to try these out, from what I'd heard they are the best.  I had read other reviews saying that the installation was difficult, however our only problem was that because our cupboards have a little silicon bumper pad in the corner, the foam on the sticky installation guide wasn't thick enought to hit the cupboard...we just doubled two of them up and it was fine.", 5.0
"As for the function of these locks...they are awesome!  The traditional cabinet locks allow you to open them a finger width in order to push down the plastic piece to open them all the way...with Tot Lok you can't open the cupboard even a little bit, which eliminates any finger smashing for your little one.  Admittedly, it was a hard habit to get into, using the key every time...however I soon got the hang of remembering to grab it, and I also make great use of the "permanent unlock" bar, which you can flip to keep the cabinet unlocked if you like.  This way, if I am cleaning up and need to throw paper towels, old toast, leftovers, etc into the garbage under the sink, I can just keep that cupboard unlocked while I'm doing my thing.", 5.0
"These loks are completely invisible on the outside, and not bad looking on the inside.  The hardest part was introducing our new cherry cabinets to the drill bit!", 4.0
"I would buy these again and again and recommend them to all parents", 5.0
"I bought these blocks as a birthday present for my best friends daughter.  She just turned one.  She loved the blocks, and because they are wooden, I believe that they will stand up to even the roughest of children.  That is the great thing about wooden toys, they last through generations.  These are very big and colorful, and seemed to be a hit!  I would definitely buy them again", 4.0
"I purchased this as a gift for my sister-in-law's family (at her request).  They thought it would be a great family activity since they have a 6 year old and 4 year old.  They were right and said they have played twice since Christmas and love it.  My only complaint is I thought the pieces were a little small", 4.0
"The game is well designed and added extra excitement to playing Bingo", 5.0
"The spinning cage works well, and we were very happy", 5.0
"this is a great value for a complete bingo set.  I didn't know from the product description if it would included everything needed, but it did.  It includes a ball cage, bingo balls, 20 bingo cards and chips.", 5.0
"My 2 year old absolutely loves this toy!  He received it when he was 6 months old and it is STILL one of his very favorite toys.  It is super durable (the only thing that doesn't work is the sound effects for the see-saw.)", 4.0
"The Mega Blok animals that come with it (a cow, pig, and hen) are sooo cute. My son has had hours upon hours of pretend play with this toy.  I would definitely recommend it", 5.0
"This was the best gift for his first birthday and my 3 year loves it too.  Now six months later they still play with this daily.  The oldest likes to act out farm stories and the youngest loves to play with the tractor, build with the blocks and dance to the tunes.  Very versatile toy.", 2.0
"I purchased this toy for my daughter when she was 9 months old.  She is now a year old and has loved this toy from the first day she got it.  When she first got the toy she would pull the animals off of their little stools.  Now she pushes the buttons to make sounds.  She has also started pushing the tractor around the house.  She enjoys listening to the animal sounds and music.  I don't think she will get tired of this toy for some time since she still needs to learn how to build the blocks and pretend play.  It is still the first toy she grabs when she wakes up in the morning.  This is a great toy and my husband and I enjoy it as well", 5.0
"My 2 year old son can't get enough of this play set. He is so into mega blocks now. He puts all the figures in the tractor and makes all the sounds of the animals.  I like that it has 3 options for volume and that the plastic is durable.", 4.0
"My 9-month-old son loves this toy.  It is fun to eat and keeps his attention for lengths of time.  It is also the first toy where my son and his 4 and 7-year-old cousins actually play "together.", 5.0
"This incredible toy can move, walk and even sing! If you like Blue's Clues, you'll love to cuddle this soft puppy. It dances the Conga, and at the same time it can teach your kids the alphabet, using the names of different animals to do so. It is a very creative way of improving your child`s grammar, spelling and also singing skills!", 5.0
"I bought this item for 12.99 at toys r us. I've seen it at Burlington Coat Factory for 12.98. It's a really great toy and has a really catchy song. I bought it together with the chicka chicka boom boom book for my son for his birthday. Together with the book it's a great combination and makes a great gift for a Blues Clues fan", 4.0
"Adorable toy.  Bigger than expected.  Fun to play with", 5.0
"2 1/2 Loves blue! She(blue) dances like(two hand functions)crazy,tail wags and says the ABCs,also makes some animal sounds.It's cheaper here,$19.99.Other places want $29 and up,plus shipping! Shipping was FREE and it only was $1.55 tax in Cal,. Same size as His Elmo", 1.0
"My son LOVES Blue's Clues/Blue's Room so Santa Claus brought Blues Room Chicka Chicka Conga Blue for Christmas.  He does like this toy and he likes to hear Blue sing.  I am just a little disappointed with the mechanical sounds of this toy.  The mechanical sounds are very loud; not smooth.  They over power the music. The toy is also a little heavy for my son to carry around.  Because of this he doesn't play with it much.  For close to $30, that's not great.", 4.0
"I wanted to originally purchase a Tumblin' Tigger for my 2 yr old daughter for christmas. When it was all sold out, I hesitantly looked at the Elmo and Blues Clues characters. As I'm sure the Elmo one would have been great, I believe I made an excellent choice w/Blues Clues. First, when you touch her right paw,it sings the song, "Chicka Chicka Boom Boom" which I've read to her a lot. It's fun to hear her try and sing the story as well. It's a catchy tune that isn't annoying. Second, it recites the ABCs when you press her other paw. Blue will stop randomly at a letter, and says something that starts with that letter, and asks the child to help her make that sound. (ie, "C is for Cow, make a cow sound with me".) It's neat b/c she never stops at the same place twice. And last, Blue "dances" and wiggles her tail while she is singing, fun for the kids to interact with. A great toy, I am very happy with my end result as a gift.", 5.0
"My son got Chicka Chicka Blue as a present when he was 2 months old. As he has gotten older (he is now 7 months old) he has grown to love her even more! He loves watching Blue's Clues and Blue's Room and adores every time he hears chicka Chicka Blue say, "Hi, you!" His smile could light up a room! Blue's cheery voice and fun story-telling/singing never gets annoying. And even though my son doesn't know how to work her himself, he and I play with this toy every single day. Whether she is singing the ABCs and dancing or making animal sounds, Blue is sure to entertain even the youngest crowd", 5.0
"I purchased this for my daughter. Within a few days, she learned her ABC's! This was her favorite book, but having her favorite character sing her the song, made it fun! ANY Blue's Clue's fan will LOVE this item! Durable, wipeable for minor stains and a toy that will be played with long after all the other ones have been set aside! A great gift for any child", 5.0
"I actually bought this expansion kit at ToysRus, but had to buy the playzone itself at Amazon, since ToysRus is discontinuing it, and it's hard to find this product at the local Target stores.  This kit is great, and makes a big difference in area covered by playzone", 4.0
"With a 2 year old brother, our very active 11 month grandson was not always as safe as we would like him to be while needing to tend to our 2 year old.  This "play fort" as we called it worked wonderfully.  While potty training the 2 year old, the baby was safe but interested in the "fort".  In reverse, the 2 year old used his "fort" as a private place to play without having his blocks knocked down by his baby brother.  We also have used the flexible configuration to corall "play dough" time by the older child...Mom and Dad have been known to have their "time out"s in the playspace as well!!!  Good product!!", 5.0
"We bought this playzone after we returned the superyard. The reason we returned the superyard is because it is not sturdy, hard to set up, and high to be stepped over because it does not have a door. We are very satisfied with the playzone and recommend you to consider this product. The little door is helpful for the children and adult to go in and out, but yet I feel safe to know my baby would not know how to open the door. The set up is pretty easy, but most of all, the color and the toys that come with it. It makes my living room more like a childcare and not a children prison.", 4.0
"The only thing that made me unsatisfied completely is the shipping cost. I want to buy some more corner extensions, but the shipping cost is almost the same as the price itself, and this product is not sold in stores.", 5.0
"We got this item for our 1 yr old daughter. This thing is great, it was set up in minutes and will somewhat keep the toddler in one place, by that I mean even our 1 yr old is able to push the playpen around and move it across the living room. Thats the only problem that I can see. The construction is very good because with a 5yr old and a 7yr old (that have no concept of the door) insist on climbing over the sides time after time, has held up very well. Being made of plastic it can be taken outside and cleaned with a garden hose and mild soap.  I would highly recommend to anyone", 1.0
"Compare shipping rates. You may find it cheaper to buy two complete Playzone kits rather than buying one Playzone and several extension kits. I highly recommend combining two Playzones so that mom and dad can play with their toddler inside. Smaller play zones (by any manufacturer) simply have a cage-like feel to them.", 2.0
"I am *guessing* the teddy bear sticker is not included in the Playzones any longer because they could be peeled off, or partially pulled off, and just cause problems. I really PREFER the Playzone with the teddy silhouettes instead of stickers", 5.0
"The picture shown has a painted bear, but the extension has only the indent for the bear.  The play area is excellent though", 1.0
"I've already rated the playzone itself, but I'll add it here.  If you get the Lil' Playzone you really should invest in at least one of thease extensions or you might as well use your Pack n Play.  The playzone by itself is about the same size.  Its great for a larger safe area for your child, but take those bear stickers off, they dont stick well and my child peeled one off and started eating it", 1.0
"I have four young granddaughters and they love to sing and dance to popular tunes.  They get many Christmas gifts but the Star Party Micro Star Microphone is the one they use every day.  They love it and the quality is very good", 2.0
"My daughter is two and loves playing with Play Doh. We have had hourse of fun making all sorts of objects using the tools that come with this set...its a great way to encourage creativity among toddlers and older kids, and for younger ones, it helps them develop motor skills, and builds dexterity. A fun toy", 4.0
"My 4 yr. old received this for Christmas and we love it! It stores easily under his bed. It's great for play doh (contains the mess nicely and keeps that play doh smell off our other tables!) and comes with lots of cool tools, molds, etc. We put it on the floor and I can play play doh with both of my kids at the same time. However we also use the table for so many other activities like paint with water books (those stain easily so it's great using a surface that we don't care about staining), coloring, and more. Sometimes I pull it out and my 4 yr. old and 2 yr. old color at the table at the same time. There are lots of great spots around the table for keeping crayons and pencils from rolling away. We have a small house, so this is a fabulous toy for creating another work /play space for our kids.", 4.0
"I bought this as a Christmas present for my 2 and 5 year-olds and this has been a wonderful purchase. The kids want to play with it over and over again, almost every day. Even my older kids (11 and 13) have enjoyed it with their younger siblings. It also cleans up easily and stores well right within the container.", 4.0
"I bought this as a Christmas present for my niece who is 2 1/2.  She loves Play-Doh and will sit for hours playing with it.  Her mother told me that not only was she captivated by everything she could do with it, the desk held all of her other Play-Doh accessories so it made storage so much easier for her. The pick-up stick is ingenius...someone should have thought of this years ago", 1.0
"Great Product, play is easy with everything together you don't have to search, clean up is a breeze all you have to do is put things back in the desk and pop the top back on. My 2 and 1 year old LOVE i", 4.0
"We keep this one at our "other" home in California (where my family lives) so that when we travel, our son has everything that he needs for some creative Playdoh time without having to buy a whole new bunch of Playdoh accessories or carting stuff along.  It is totally self contained and the "table" function of the box makes it great for a fussy grandmother who worries about Playdoh mess in her kitchen!  My son can play with all of the tools and design toys, keeping everything on the blue "tabletop", then pack it all away again when we're finished with no fuss.  We LOVE this product.", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter 2 1/2 for Christmas.  She love's it.  It has a ton of stuff included.  Lot's of playdough and mold's and cookie cutter thing's, those things that make spagettie hair.  Her favorite are the scissors. It has cute mold's on the top which work really good. She is a perfect size that if we put it on the floor her little leg's can even fit under it like a little lap desk but I don't see any kid's much bigger being able to do that. When we set it on the table it is a little to high for her to play with so we take the lid off and set the lid on the table.  I wish the lid had more of larger groves to hold more of the accessory's, so when she is playing with it they didn't go flying everywhere even like a little net pocket or something attached would of been nice.  I like the other reviewer don't really understand the crayon's and paper, I guess showing that she could use it as a desk also but when we get it out all she want's to do is play with the Playdough.  Well worth the money in my opinion!", 5.0
"This is a great set!  My son got this for his 3rd birthday & he & his 6 year old sister enjoy it tremendously.  They can both play together since there are so many things to do.  The set comes with a bunch of play doh, cutters, stampers, plastic scissors & a little knife to cut the play doh.  The funnest part is the table on top has little molds to make all sorts of fun stuff.  It also includes some crayons & paper, but I am not really sure why; they seem out of place in the set.  The neatest thing about this set is that when they are done, they can use the little tool to pick up the loose play doh pieces & put all the parts & doh back into storage case very easily.", 1.0
"This would be great for any child that enjoys play doh, it has so many features there is fun for anyone, & more than one child can play at a time.  It also has a lot more space if you want to expand & buy other play doh toys & store them in the box.", 5.0
"My son LOVES these toys!  I purchased them on Target clearance for one dollar and 90 some odd cents.  What a deal!  I went to several Target stores in the area and found different pieces for no more than three dollars.", 4.0
"My son is 2   and has great dexterity to start with but these have taught him even more skills using the screw drivers, wrenches and other little tools that are included in the set.", 5.0
"My concern is that he could possibly fall on the metal tools and hurt himself but as of now he has been careful with them.  I am also not overly pleased with the play sets but the trucks themselves are lots of fun.  The play sets seem a little cheap but the die cast trucks are worth the money, so that to me makes up for the lack of imagination on the designers part.", 5.0
"  He will sit and play with them for hours on end, mixing and matching the different parts to the different trucks.  This purchase was well worth the money, I just wish I would have noticed them before now.  This would make a great gift for toddlers.", 5.0
"My 14 year old had something very similar and played for hours so I had to get my nephew this GREAT toy.  So manythings to do to keep his busy hands busy", 4.0
"If you were planning to serve your eager children a half cup of chilled but still liquid half&half with sugar and seaweed in it but thought making them wait a half hour first would increase the enjoyment, fine. But don't bother buying this item because the assembly, clean up and expense are a waste of your time and money. Two cautions: Because it is a child oriented activity it is not for those who use the occasional swear word and everyone should wear safety goggles in case you decide to smash the device into even more pieces.", 5.0
"This review is based on several trials. Thanks for the refill packs, gift giver", 4.0
"It is fun because you can do your own icecream is like being in mcdonald's the pakage contains the mc furry maker , 2 springs mix , 2 flavors, 1 spoon , and one cup. The only things you need is cream , ice , salt , and water. I recommend these toy is very fun", 5.0
"stop complaining it doesnt work. read the instructions, for heavens sake. i am sick of parents who think they are smart not reading the instructions and then complaining. but my main point is, how sick do you have to be to buy this?! what idiotic parent would browse online, see this and say, "Gee, honey, that looks like a really great gift for bobby's birthday. lets buy it for him so we can watch him turn into a fat person." im not being preachy, i agree that parents are obsessed to a fault with us kids. but this is just wrong. you are not supposed to have fast food at home everyday. if you are smart, then go buy the smootie itself for half the price of this piece of junk. mcdonalds is not a good company. you know that, right? so dont buy their food items. they are not good for you, and might make your kid turn out like this: "Mcdonalds. Mcdonalds. Mcdonalds."", 5.0
"i dont agree with the reviewer who said "and promotes brand loyalty." grow up. preachy teachers can stay off amazon unless they have something useful to say.", 4.0
"im sorry if im being mean. but i just cant believe you people", 1.0
"this thing is the cheatest thing ive ever seen in my life. it takes for ever to assemble it and then the cheap plastic is the worst of its kind!!! a WWE wrestler would have troble stirring it. you need stuff from home like vandillinium and rubidum just to make an ounce of the stuipid ice cream that tastes like something that was scraped of the underside of a boot!!!! when we finnialy got it all craned out, we only got a spoonful and it was a orange color so i didnt try it. plus, you can only make it 2 times before you have to burn more money to buy refills. DO NOT BUY IT IS A PEICE OF JUNK YOU SHOULD WASTE YOUR MONEY ON A BOOK TITLED THE HISTORY OF JUNK AND BORING SCIENCE. IT WOULD BE ALOT BETTER THAN THE CHEAP JUNK THAT MCDONALDS IS TRYING TO SELL JUST BECAUSE THEY ARENT DONING SO GOOD IN THE BURGER BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 1.0
"I have read some reviews here and I think other people just didnt read the directions properly.  My 3 year old son and I make McFlurry's all the time with our machine and we love it!  It is easy to use and easy to clean-up.", 4.0
"We have never had a mess when using this and we have never gotten water everywhere.  Also, the entire thing is plastic and is able to put in water so clean-up is super easy.  This was no more difficult than cleaning a blender after use.  I dont know why there have been so many negative reviews of this- we havent had any complaints at all.", 5.0
"Also, you use 3/4 cup of cream and 1/4 cup of the mix so I would assume that make about 1 cup of ice cream, which I feel is plenty for a child to eat.  It does not fill up the cup entirely but if that is an issue for you, I would suggest that either you USE A SMALLER CUP or make 2 packages.", 5.0
"SUPER EASY TO USE.  SUPER EASY TO CLEAN.  VERY YUMMY.", 5.0
"It reminded me of the ice-cream maker we had when I was a kid.  Remember the kind, that you had to put ice and salt in and then turn the crank for like 30 minutes.  Maybe other people arent familiar with the ice-cream making process but this is just like that only smaller and faster.  In my opinion, 4 to 6 minutes is not to long to wait for this yummy treat", 4.0
"The puppy dog is so cute in her little hat and the snail is simply adorable! Hasbro has a winner in these cute little Pets", 5.0
"Thank You for looking at my review take my advice go check Walmart I saw 2 last week so go to Toysrus Target Kmart Limited Too, they usally have the new ones or VERY HARD TO FIND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TRUST ME", 4.0
"THIS IS A GREAT EDUCATIONAL AND FAMILY GAME.  MY TWO OLDEST CHILDREN", 5.0
"(AGES 10 AND 12) HAVE LEARNED ALOT ABOUT WORLD GEOGRAPHY AND INTERSTING FACTS ABOUT DIFFERENT COUNTRIES.  MY 6 YEAR OLD SON IS NOW STARTING TO PARTICIPATE AND LOVES TO LEARN ABOUT THE DIFFERENT COUNTRIES. WE ALSO HAVE THE BOARD GAME- NAME THAT STATE.  THIS IS A FABULOUS GAME TO TEACH THE CHILDREN THE NAME, LOCATION AND CAPITAL OF EACH STATE.  IT IS FUN AND AGAIN A GREAT FAMILY GAM", 5.0
"I got this game for my 5-year-old daughter, who loves geography. It became her favorite game in no time flat. You spin the spinner, read the continent and country, and try to find the country on the map. If you are successful, you get to move the given number of spaces on the spinner. At intervals, there are bonus "post-cards" that you can land on. From the hints on the postcard, if you can identify the country they're talking about, you get to move ahead 2 extra spaces.", 1.0
"Within 6 months, my daughter knew all the countries on the board, so we added our own. I just printed out little tags and pasted them onto the other countries on the board, and we kept playing. After a year, she knows *all* (and I mean ALL) the countries in the world! She's so good, she beats the pants off anyone else she plays against, so we've modified the game again: now, she has to name the capital of the country as well as the location. That'll keep her challenged and interested for another year!", 5.0
"Meanwhile, my 3 year old learned her continents and is beginning to learn her countries on the game. Granted, she can't read, but the spinner gives both the continent and the country. We read her the country and the continent, and then she locates it on the map. We don't do the post cards with her, as she's not knowledgeable enough yet. The point is, though, that the game is flexible enough for novices and experts alike!", 5.0
"My only complaint--and it's a small one--is that the game board is too small. It is conceivably possible that you could identify 3 countries that move you ahead 6 spaces, and be at the end of the game. I would've liked a longer board (or fewer 6-spaces) to keep the game going longer", 4.0
"This game is a fun way to introduce geography.", 1.0
"The manufacture recommends this game for 3 and up, while Amazon states 6 - 9.  At our home it has been enjoy by children ages 4 -adult.  The older children and adults do get tired a bit faster than preschool and younger school age children.", 1.0
"It is easier to play the game with a child who can read - but even those with limited or no read skills can have  fun. The game is bright and colorful.  It captures your attention and imagination. This game teaches good basic map skills.  Players state the names of countries by looking at them. If they don't know them, they quickly learn to recognize them.", 1.0
"This game really puts the world at your child's fingertips.  My daughter begs to play even after her dad and I are pooped.  And at eight years old, she knows more about geography than I did when I was much older.  I'm getting her "Name That State" for her birthday and expect the same reaction", 4.0
"I bought this for my 4-year old son who can already read.  He has not stopped playing it for one month now even though he already knows each of the 60 countries and capitals.  Because of this game, he has been reading the Atlas and books about children in other countries.  I gave this game as a gift to my friends' kids who are between 4 to 8 years old; and they too love the game. I'm sure the game will quickly become boring; but it has done its job of opening up an aspect of learning and an area of interest besides reading, writing and math", 5.0
"The game is rated for 8 years and above.  It would be quite impossible for most 3-5 year olds to play, since reading is required. I believe there is an error on Amazon's age rating.  However, my 7 year old and I enjoy playing. And, after my daughter brought it to her 1st grade class, her school teacher asked where she could purchase the game, because it is fun and educational", 4.0
"This game is good at getting kids to learn the names and locations of countries around the world, but it isn't deep enough to be challenging in the long term. Too basic, but the short-term benefits are decent (kids DO learn what the game is meant to teach)", 4.0
"If you are looking for something to help teach your kids about money this is both fun and educational.  My daughter thinks it's great and loves to write checks.  It's a great value as well", 4.0
"This is the highest quality play money I've seen.  The bills are more durable than most and the coins are made of a dense plastic.  The realism is very good for educational purposes.  My 7 yr. old gets a lot of use out of it", 4.0
"Better than I expected - was a big hit - packaged and shipped great", 5.0
"I sent this gift to a 3-year-old niece who lives in another state.  She's a Hello Kitty fanatic, and she likes the toy very much.  Her mother said that she especially loves the carrying case, which functions as a "purse," as well", 5.0
"This is such a cute thing to get. I intend to put in my play room and when friends are here , they can enjoy this special domino set. When i received it i was so delighted, it has nice box and the quality is good ! Each of the domino tile is solid and the prinitng on it is great", 5.0
"I did not order this item. I wanted to buy them for the grandchildren but I was going to be charged $12.00 in shipping charges for the $12.99 dominoes.", 5.0
"This is the perfect set for beginners. Super easy to do------just imagine play doh and Mr. Potato Head merging together. This set allows the 2-3 year old crowd to be creative without the frustration of some of the other more complicated sets. Really all the child needs to know how to do is make a mass (ball, blob, or other) with the play doh and then stick the parts they want in wherever they want them. The plastic pieces (eyes,noses,ears,feet,tails, etc.) are made of really good quality plastic. There is also a mold included to make baby animals and texture tools that you just simply press onto the play doh. My son received this a couple of months before he turned 3, but I think he could've handled this even at the age of 2", 5.0
"I bought this for my son when he was a few months of turning 3.  He absolutely fell in love.  Even his older sisters (9 and 7) joined in on the fun.  It allows for children to use their creativity and imagination.   All the plastic pieces are high quality and will last.  The only thing you'll have to eventually replace is the play doh once it's been through enough.", 5.0
"I prefer to buy activities over toys for the kids.  I bought this for my 3 year-old niece.  She and her 4 year-old sister played with it the whole weekend and had a lot of fun.", 5.0
"I got this toy for my son, age 22 months.  This was his first Play Doh set so I wasnt sure if he would be too young for it.  However, it turns out that this is his favorite toy.  He plays with it every day for at least 30-45 minutes.  Its very easy for young kids to make the animals (I kept the picture on the front of the box to help him) and he can play quite well with it on his own.  For 10 dollars, its a great value.  He loves it and overlooks all of his expensive toys in favor of it (to my chagrin)", 5.0
"My son recieved this as a christmas gift and it is such a great toy. At 14 months he smiled at the animal sounds, and the animals we the perfect size to hold and explore. Now at 19 months he put the animals into their rightful places in the barn. (one side of the stall plays a horse sound the other, a cow) The pig gate also makes an "oinking" sound when opened. Also there is a rooster that needs to be slid in order to hear it's sound. My only complaint is the silo. It comes off too easily but we decided the silo doesn't HAVE to be connected to the barn. My son uses it as a hide and seek center(putting the animals into the top opening and the door closed, then opening the door to see if the animals indeed were still there) Since the back is opened, I can sit behind and do a "puppet show". It is defently a cute toy but the animals have such "weird" hair - ha-ha..", 4.0
"I love Little People's toys for their durability and their ability to keep babies/toddler interested. My twin boys just got this for their second birthday and they play with it all of the time. They love the animals and all of the sounds. They have figured out how to make the farmhouse play all of the sounds now and are starting to get interested in which sound goes to which area. I love that it is educational and will teach them thigns that they need to know to hit milestones that they haven't achieved yet. Fun toy", 4.0
"My 2 year old daughter plays with the farm nonstop! She loves making all the animal sounds and will make the farmer ride the horse. I LOVE that there is a bed and workbench that make sounds for the farmer. The only thing I wish was different is the merry go round-like part should be easier to turn when full of animals. But other than that, it is SO fun! It has the food and water so the animals can "eat" and the farmer has his cart full of food to go "feed" the animals. This was the toy that started my daugther on the pig snort sound", 5.0
"I had the wooden little people set when I was a kid but bought the more updated version for our kids when we saw it.  It is just as good if not better than the one I had when I was a kid.  It is durable, makes plenty of sounds, encourages free play, and is a lot of fun to have around.", 1.0
"Everything a toy should be.", 4.0
"This is the last Little People set I purchased for my toddler son. He has most of the other "big" sets, and didn't have this one, so I read reviews and decided to buy. I have to say that I am a little disappointed as my version does not have the scarecrow or the catapulting bed :( However, I do find that my son enjoys this toy. He loves to place the animals in their "homes" and hear the noises that they make. He enjoys piling all of the animals, including the farmer, into the horse and cow's stall. Cute!", 5.0
"What you get:", 1.0
"1 Barn", 1.0
"1 Farmer", 5.0
"1 Farmer's cart", 4.0
"1 Horse", 4.0
"1 Cow", 5.0
"1 Lamb", 4.0
"1 Pig", 5.0
"1 Chicken", 5.0
"1 removable rooster to top the barn", 5.0
"Features:", 5.0
"Sounds everywhere! There are sounds for each animal wherever the animal's "home" is located...ie. if you put the pig in the pigpen and press lightly, it will Oink at you. Of course, it will also Oink if you place the horse there, or any other animal, but I figure it can be a great way to teach children the proper sound each animal makes. The farmer's bed also makes a snoring noise for when he is sleeping, or a rooster's call when it's time for him to wake up. There is a workbench that makes a sawing noise or hammering noise when pressed also. There is a merry-go-round in front of the barn that produces a few songs such as "Farmer in the Dell" or "Old Macdonald" when turned.", 5.0
"Overall, this is a great little barn, but I'm writing Fisher-Price to tell them they should have taken away the scarecrow or the bed feature because it's obviously a great feature!", 1.0
"The Little People Animal Sounds Farm toy is overrated and overpriced.  I believe the best toy is the simplest toy that doesn't require too much assembling time. The animal sounds are muffled, e.g., the pig and the cow.  These animals don't do much except staying in the same area.  In addition, it requires screw driver and batteries.   I would rather spend my money in purchasing coloring activity books. I would prefer purchasing a toy that actually enhances my child's developmental skill which I don't believe this toy has. It couldn't keep my two-year-old daughter attention longer than five minutes.  For the number of pieces and quality of the product, it should be priced no more than $20. How much does a chip cost anyway?", 5.0
"We have the farm and it is much better. Children can learn the sights and sounds of a home by living in one but not everyone lives on a farm. This is a great little farm with good sounds that are not too loud. My kids enjoy it immensely and have learned a lot. A great gift for a kid you really care about", 5.0
" The farm was a birthday gift for our one year old daughter. She has played with it every day since. She loves all the animal sounds the barn makes. They are just the right volume! The animals are very easy to pick up with little fingers.", 5.0
"    I love the fact that the farm folds up and is easy to store as well as take along while we travel.", 4.0
"   The farm is a great teaching toy, with all the different colors and learning the name and sound of the different animals", 5.0
"We received this as a Christmas gift for my daughter when she was almost two. We have lots of fun playing with it together, and she loves to play with it on her own. However, if it has batteries in it she just compulsively presses buttons. We took the batteries out and we see real imaginative play.", 5.0
"This is a wonderful toy! We got this toy as a gift from Grandma, while our 16 month old son was doing a "Cock-A-Doodle-Moo" class in Kindermusik. He was already learning about all of the farm animals, and this became a great teaching tool. He loves to put all the animals in their 'homes', and loves all of the sounds. I would recommend this to anyone whos child is interested in animals", 4.0
"This was a gift for my 4 year old, who loves dinosaurs.  He really enjoyed wearing the protective glasses and chipping away the sand to uncover the dino bones! He needed a little help getting started. We tried to guess which dino we were finding as we chipped away.  Once we uncovered it, we went online to get more information about the dinosaur that we found.  It was fun and educational.  We are saving the glasses and tools to explore other materials in our backyard. Cool gift for a future archeologist / palentologist", 4.0
"I am not really complaining but the add and the heading indicated that I would receive more than 1 shovel. The shovel is big and sturdy but no "sandbox toy" beside the shovel was in the box.", 5.0
"Hasbro had been making some quality Star Wars toys and this is no exception.  A few weeks ago, I was looking for this for my son and could not find it.  I did find a non-star wars version by another maker. The other gun has all sorts of sounds, some of which sound more like elevator doors than laser blaster.  It was irritating.", 5.0
"We finally found this blaster and bought it. (The silly string version is all over the place, but who wants to clean up silly string and constantly replace canisters).", 4.0
"The laser blaster is solid.  The plastic used in construction is strong and solidly put together.  You never get the feeling that it would be easy to break (though I didn't test its limits). When you tap the sides with your finger nails, it almost sounds like a solid piece of plastic, rather than molded sections.", 4.0
"Also, the sounds are realistic.  While there are only two sounds, they are what you expect a Laser Blaster to sound like. The lighting barrel looks good. However, it seems to 'light' for too long.  I guess that's just a realism thing and let's face it, laser blasters are not yet real.  Even so, I still think the flash should be shorter.", 4.0
"Overall, I think it's the best Laser gun toy I have seen.  It looks cool, its sounds make it play cool, and it is tough as nails. Don't fear the expense.  I think it is worth every bit of $20", 4.0
"It's just a toy. And frankly my 9-year-old hasn't picked it up once since his birthday", 5.0
"This toy has been sold out in our town for months, and Amazon had it at the best available price!  My son loved it for his 8th birthday and I was thrilled to see it actually arrive before his birthday!  It is definately an outside toy, but it's sturdy and authentic and great for role playing with his lightsaber", 4.0
"My son received this blaster as a treat and he was so excited to play with it.  Sounds and lights are terrific (they're even better when played in a different room!).  I would definitely buy this again", 5.0
"No young Star Wars fan can effectively re-live scenes from the Star Wars movies without a blaster!  My son already had 5 lightsabers, but could never pretend to be General Grievous, Han Solo, or a storm trooper.  and then of course, when I played Padme or Leia, I needed a gun.  Now that he has the blaster, he's the happiest little Jedi ever.  So far, it seems pretty sturdy.  It lights up and sounds realistic too.  Cool toy", 5.0
"this is overall the greatest blaster ever because if you have two you can carry both of them unlike the storm trooper blaster or the chewbacca bowcaster get it or youll regret it trust m", 5.0
"Personally, this is my favorite blaster rifle toy. It is smaller then the Droid or Stormtrooper blasters, and looks like a cobination of the two to me. I would recommend this if you just want a neat blaster to play with, are making fan films, or want a smaller Imperial style/Droid blaster to use", 5.0
"Just the right size for my 5 yr. old daughter and her nieces and friends. Matches the Lifestyle kitchen nicely and looks fine in my family room. Hope to use it for years to come", 1.0
"I purchased this table and chairs for my 3 year old twins. Just the other day for some reason one of the chairs were upside down I noticed a little plastic plug that unscrews and comes out. Well, I found out that the chairs can be filled with a little sand so that way they can not tip over anymore. My twins were both falling off the chairs everytime they would go to get on them, but now with the sand holding the chair down they are a little more stable. I hope this helps everyone that has this set. I am pretty happy with this table now", 5.0
"I too have to say that this set is not for young children.  I  bought it because the price was great and it was made of sturdy plastic.  But the chair legs are too long and get more narrow at the bottom.  My son was constantly tipping the chair over and hurting himself.  It is a very sturdy set but I wanted something he could use now and ended up returning the set", 5.0
"My 2 year old received this as a gift for her 2nd birthday so she would have a place to have tea parties and do crafts. There has not be one time that she has used it when the chair hasn't fallen over. They are too unstable and fall over way too easily. The solid plastic design is invincible, but it is also so light that they just tip over at the drop of a hat. I wouldn't recommend this table to anyone that is trying to buy a SAFE product for their younger child", 5.0
"We received this as a gift when my daughter was 2. This set is not designed for a 2-year old.  The chairs are much too narrow and high, and tip over very easily.  My daughter is now almost 3 and still can't very effectively get in the chair by herself.  She has hurt herself several times trying to get in or out of the chair and having it tip over on her.  On a good note, however, the set is sturdy and nearly invincible.", 5.0
" Purchased this for our almost seven year old neice. She has one doggy Fur Real and loves it. Polar bear makes less motor noises, which is good. Switch is a little hard to reach, but that also means it is very well-hidden. Child-size fingers can get to it better than adult-size fingers.", 5.0
"Had some trouble getting it to do the hug function. It think it's supposed to stretch out its arms (which it did) and then close them into a hug (which it didn't). Our neice is better at this stuff than me, so maybe she got it to work. Everything else -tickling laugh, eating, burp, hunger grunts and snoring worked fine. Very cute.", 5.0
"  Just remember to turn these guys off when you're done. Otherwise they go into sleep mode, but the batteries are still being gradually drained", 5.0
"I was very happy when I finally got this bear.  You cannot find this bear in the stores anymore and. It is one of the cutiest toys and my granddaughter really enjoyes it", 4.0
"This is such a cute bear cub.  You're able to play peek-a-boo, tickle it's feet, feed and just love.  If you don't play with it for a while it turns it self off!!!  Great feature.", 1.0
"My grandaughter loved it. It's soft and makes cute noises. Love the pawprints and claws!  Only complaint is no where on the box did it state what size batteries it needed, and they weren't supplied. It was a Christmas present so in order to be prepared I had to be sure I had all size batteries on hand.", 2.0
"I was happy with the size of this bear.  I happened to buy it for a 21 year old who adores and collects polar bears but when I opened the shipping box I could just imagine a child's delight in receiving this toy.  It's not squishy because of the robotics beneath the fur but it is soft and begs to be hugged from the start.  It is very cute, very clever and a very special little creature", 1.0
"Hi. I'm nine years old and I got this toy for my birthday.  I think it is alot of fun to play with.  I would recommend this toy for all kids who like interactive toys, because it does lots of neat things.  However you should not get a fur real friends for any young kids.  I have 5 fur real friends and I like to collect them", 1.0
"This is a very cute toy, my nine year old and her cousins like it alot. it is one of the cutier fur real friends. we now have two fur real cats one dog and two bears. my daughter likes the bear but the cats are her favorite. the bear will give you a hug. we also got the baby bear but all it does is make noise and open its eyes she does not play with it much", 4.0
"my 2.5 yr old LOVES this bear.  She received it as a Christmas present. She feeds it, takes care of it & carries it everywhere", 5.0
"My Niece has been into pretend stuff for a few months so for Christmas my parents got her a pretend kitchen and of course she needed all of the accesories to go along with it. So I got her this nice little set. She was super excited and nearly flipped out with all the stuff she was getting. If I played with stuff like that I would probably have kept it", 2.0
"This doll was a great dissapointment. Once you take it out of the box, you will find out that the doll's body is  oddly shaped. Half of the legs are fabric, and the main body is too heavy for its extremities - the doll cannot stand or sit. Mine did not recognize its cup, as it supposed to, and it really grows too fast into a toddler. Most of the times it does not respond when you give the commands. Also it is not as cute as in the picture. I would not recommend this doll to anybody", 2.0
"I give this doll 2 stars because at least she was very well presented in the box and she brought delight to my 7 year old for a day.", 5.0
"After the 1st day, Suzie no longer worked. We tried replacing the batteries but to no avail. We should have heeded the advice of some of the other reviewers.", 5.0
"If you want Suzie for her looks, great. But if you actually want a doll that works, consider a different purchase", 1.0
"We had a lot of fun with suzie.  All the kids love to play with her as well as some adults.  Just wish that suzie came in different races.  Would be nice to have anything but a blonde doll, even if she had darker hair", 5.0
"I love Suzie.  she is the best doll i've ever had!!  Suzie comes with loads of acssesories! I use them every day! When I change her diaper i feel like a real mom!!  she needs lots of care and love.  I can tell her my deepest darkest secrets and she doesn't tell anyone,not even my best friend!!  Suzie talks to me and she plays the funnest games with me! I bring her to my best friends house and she plays with Suzie as much as she can, my friend wants her really bad! when she drinks her bottle she makes cute noises!  as long as you don't press her buttons she is absoulutly perfect!  I think everyone should get her!  I LOVE Suzie, she is a part of my family!", 4.0
"My doll Suzie is so great! She is like two dolls in one. I like to take care of her as a baby, then watch her grow, and take care of her as a little girl. I enjoy how nicely she's designed. She has the cutest voice, and laughs so adorably. Suzie doesn't work very well if her big girl panties are over the buttons on her stomach that you squiz to hug her. I have to have the panties low down on her belly. If I don't do that, and have her panties high, she becomes erresponsive. That's no problem for me, though. I like her clothes and her hair. They are so cute! She makes me smile every time I wake her up. My friend who doesn't like dolls actually liked this one. I gave her five stars because she delights everyone around me. It makes me feel good that I actually have something that many other people like. I think Suzie is my favorite doll!", 4.0
"My 6YO wanted this doll for Christmas, but I resisted.  When she kept asking, I made a deal to buy it for her, in exchange for clearing out a substantial stash of old toys.  She and her 3YO sister did all the work to select the toys for donation or trash.  For that, I am grateful.  But the Susie doll was a bust.  They played with it for a day or two, then the novelty wore off, and she's been sitting in a corner ever since.  She's not a particularly cute or cuddly doll.  She's a little odd shaped, due to the growth ability and she has limited interaction", 4.0
"Great toy. We love the attachments just like the real vacuum. It's sturdy.  The sounds adjust with an easy to use button.  Excellent price especially for the quality", 4.0
"my kids LOVE this vac.  i have a one year old and almost four year old twins. they are all crazy about it.  i got rid of some of the little accessories b/c of the one yr old but it is still a BIG hit around our house", 1.0
"Our 2 1/2 year old and 4 year old boys have been playing with this vacuum for over a year now-it gets played with every single day.  It is the ONLY way we can vacuum because it is JUST like Mom's! Forget the Styrofoam beads-it is more about the noise it makes (not too loud) the controls and attachments.  I am glad it does not actually "work" or "suck" as it is completely safe for kids this way.  Fabulous and I would recommend it highly to everyone", 2.0
"THIS IS THE WORST VACUUM EVER - WE HAVE EVERY SINGLE TOY VACUUM OUT THERE AND THEY ARE ALL PRETTY GOOD BUT THIS IS THE MOST EXPENSIVE AND THE CHEAPEST BUILT - IT IS SO TINY!", 1.0
"IT WAS BROKE THE FIRST NIGHT - IT DOESN'T SUCK AT ALL!! WELL IT DOES SUCK  - BUT UNFORTUNATELY NOT THE LITTLE STYROFOAM BEADS THAT COME WITH IT! OR EVEN THE LIGHTEST PIECE OF LINT - WITH SHIPPING AND TAX THIS ITEM WAS $40.00 AND I WILL LOOSE ALMOST $15.00 IN TOTAL SHIPING TO GET IT HERE AND TO SEND IT BACK ! I AM STILL RETURING IT AND BUYING A REAL CANISTER VACUUM FOR $20.00 AT WALMART - PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY", 5.0
"My son loves this toy. He has made numerous machines and scenes of his own imagination. I think he likes all of the character figures the best.", 4.0
"My grandson is a Lego fanatic.  Correct that, a StarWars Lego fanatic.  He puts these things together faster than you can open the box.  He loved this one.  Especially since you can make the wings move up and down and the finished product is so realistic.  This came ontime, even though it said it may take longer, and was a great gift", 4.0
"This is the best set that LEGO ever made!!!", 4.0
"This X-wing is pretty big, plus you get Luke, Wedge, R2-D2, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia! A great deal! And this thing is very durable!", 4.0
"The landing gear makes it stand by itself! And Luke also comes with", 5.0
"a blue lightsaber!! A great set to add to any LEGO/Star Wars collection!!!!!!!!!!", 5.0
"This thing is the best!! Lots of minifigs!!! And boy, this thing is", 1.0
"HUGE!! This thing might take a while to build but WHO CARES!?! IT'S WORTH THE TIME!!! Very sturdy! If you put the pieces on kinda hard,", 1.0
"it's very, very hard for it to break apart!! You can pick it up!! It won't break!! And it looks so cool on your desk!!", 5.0
"A must have for both Star Wars lovers and LEGO Lovers!!", 4.0
"This X-wing is so cool!! I think it's better than the original LEGO", 5.0
"X-wing!! This thing is BIG!!! And it also as lots of people!! Luke, Han, Chewie, Leia, R2-D2, and all new Wedge Antilles!! BUY THIS!!! SO COOL!!", 5.0
"This set is worth every penny!! If you are someone who likes collecting the characters, BUY THIS!!! I don't recommend this set for kids under 8 years old because this set takes around 38 minutes", 5.0
"to make and medium difficulty to build. Other than that...THIS SET IS OFF DA HOOK BABY!!!", 5.0
"This X-wing is so cool!! You could turn it to Luke's X-wing or Wedge's X-wing!! And Luke comes with a lightsaber! And it comes with 6 minifigs! And the X-wing as a compartment were Luke could store his lightsaber!! This set takes about 30 or 40 minutes to complete, but it's worth it! A must have for any child!!", 5.0
"This Lego X-wing is so cool!! Wedge is my favorite Star Wars character, and I was blown out of the sky when Lego made him as a minifig! This X-wing Fighter as a gear on the back where you can twist to lock the S-foils! This set is a great deal! I got it at the Lego store for $50 bucks! This cool set comes with               Wedge Antilles, Princess Leia, Han Solo, Chewbacca, R2-D2,", 5.0
"and Luke Skywalker complete with a lightsaber! Please buy this cool", 5.0
"Lego set!", 5.0
"This is a great Blaine doll to have in your Barbie collection. He's much better than the Cali Guy Blaines. Only bad thing about him is the straight arm body. But I fixed that prob by swapping his body with a bent arm Ken. Now he's more posable. Add this doll to collection today", 5.0
"I like this doll to use for play and display he looks like what a male should look like 'a man' there's no pink lip color or sissy look to him this doll is a really nice doll for your dolls to have as masculine figure and he's only around 5.00 gett'em while he's still available", 5.0
"Includes outfit and accessories for beach fun all year long", 5.0
"Great for little kids. you dont have to worry about them writting on the walls", 4.0
"I was also not happy with this case, it does not stay closed. My daughter just uses it as a closet for her Barbie dolls. She just props it up and fills it with clothes. I'm not sure if I can say another brand name or not but, the Bratz dolls have a case that is soft, zips closed and has pages for the clothes and accessories with transparent plastic pockets that close with velcro and all the clothes and dolls stay put. I wish the company would make a case like that for Barbie", 5.0
"My daughter stuffed this cas chock full and off we went on vacation.  It was all fine, until we opened the door to the car, pulled the case out and it exploded!  Barbie stuff everywhere.  The cases were much more durable in the old days when they had metal clasps that actually held the thing closed", 5.0
"If you need an item just to keep Barbie Dolls in and do not want to take a lot of space whether traveling or at home this was a great buy", 5.0
"I think it is very creative for young children.  I got it for my 5 year old grandchild who wanted it but I think she is a bit too old to fit right on the vanity but it is great each time they take out a tool it talks about what it is used for", 5.0
"This was number one on a short list of Christmas gifts my daughter produced for Santa.  She loves it and plays with it everyday.  The construction is okay, the chair is a little flimsy.  The interactive feature is cool but if there is a lot of background noise Ariel doesn't always hear you correctly.", 5.0
"Overall it was a big hit with my kid!", 4.0
"My 5 year old daughter spends hours enoying this interactive vanity. When she has playdates, this salon is a real hit because it entertains them for the entire time they are here. It is also wonderful for vocabulary, Ariel names all objects and encourages children what to do with each. We really love it", 5.0
"our 4 year old daughter had to have this for christmas. so we bought it. it was very easy to put together. the instructions were very clear. it only took me about 30 minutes or less to put together. most of the time was spent looking for a piece that i dropped and it had rolled away. we also bought the accessory set. which adds even more fun to the vanity. my daughter loves to style her hair and everybody else's who walks into our house. she loves to make ariel appear in the mirrow. the only downside that i see, they should have used ariels voice from "the little mermaid". i do think my daughter was looking forward to that, but instead we got a different voice all together.", 5.0
"My daughter wanted this so badly. We purchased it, through Amazon, for her 4th birthday. She absolutely loves it! I give it 5 stars because my daughter, and all the little girls that come over, love this. As a parent, I can see the annoying things that would make me rate it a bit lower. Assembling this thing was a giant pain in the rear, not terribly difficult but just annoying. All the accessories seem to get misplaced which makes one of the modes basically worthless, and you must....speak....very....clearly....in order to have the vanity answer you. Kinda tough for a little girl to do.", 4.0
"With all these things considered I would still purchase it again. My daughter could care less about all the minor annoyances, she just loves it! I guess that is what matters in this case", 4.0
"My nephew enjoyed this toy, However I found the balls a touch bit too difficult to hammer down, thus making it much louder than need be. I think the age group should be set higher because of the strength needed, overall a well built toy. His older brother had no problems playing with it", 5.0
"When my youngest, age 2, wanted to take this toy to bed last night, where he hugged it like a teddy bear (ouch!...not exactly a cuddly thing) I decided it was time I weigh in on this toy.  It has been loved for its simplicity since my oldest received it for a first birthday six years ago.", 4.0
"My grandsons could not get enough of this toy.  I had to purchase a second one because the one grandson kept taking the toy away for the older grandson.  Both were playing and playing with this toy.  Loved it", 1.0
"My 17 month-old grandson immediately fell in love with the Pound A Ball when he opened the present and after a short lesson in holding the hammer went right to performing as the toy said he would.  He had no trouble pounding the balls through and after some iterations, even put the colored balls in the right holes before incessantly pounding on them.  Needless to say, it was his favorite toy much to the chagrin of my daughter and son-in-law.  I would highly recommend this toy.", 4.0
"I bought this toy as a Christmas gift for my 18 months old boy based on the reviews posted by other parents. What a great toy this is! I had the Pound A Ball delivered to my work and immediately opened it. It was a lot of fun to play with (even my co-workers played). The balls are a little hard to pound through at first, but after trying a couple of times, the balls went through fine. Even my son was able to pound them with no problem. I only wish there were extra balls available to purchase (my son already lost two). Overall, this toy can sustain a lot of abuse, it's easy to clean and keeps kids entertained for hours", 2.0
"Our daughter received this toy as a gift, and her arm got stuck in one of the holes at the top while reaching for a ball as it went down.  She nearly broke her arm trying to get it out (luckily we were supervising and stepped in).  Also, the balls are hard to pound through the holes and since the base is not attached to the main piece, the two separate constantly.  This toy was a huge disappointment", 2.0
"We gave this to my son on his 1st birthday in January, even after I read some reviewers complaints about the balls being hard to pound through.  But I thought it looked interesting, so we tried it anyway.  Yes, the balls are too hard for a 1 year old to pound through.  My solution was to use a utility knife to carve down the small bumps in the ball holes so it was easy for him to pound them in with the palm of his hand.  Mind you, this took me all of 2 minutes to do.  He loved it then and he loves it still.  He plays with this toy several times a week even after 9 months.", 2.0
"I sent this to my daughter for my grandson's first birthday. She returned it and emailed me this comment: &quot;I did return the pound-a-ball. It looked great, but the balls were impossible to pound through. You couldn't do it unless you had the strength of an adult. The hammer was the coolest part, but was useless for getting the balls in, and then when they went down they always took the same track and didn't really move any of the other things inside much.&quot; So live and learn", 5.0
"We based our purchase of this toy on the feedback previous listed.  The toy appears durable and my son does enjoy it, but there are some things forcing us to reconsider our purchase.  The balls really need to be pounded for them to go down the holes - my son can't do it yet and it takes my wife and I an above average hit.  The balls have also got stuck en route down on occasion - and we haven't had it a month.  Unless you believe your child really wants this, your $20 may be better spent elsewhere", 5.0
"We bought this for my son for Christmas when he was 18 months old and he still loves it (8 months later). All of his friends love it too. He has a plethora of toys, but still pulls this one out daily. Some of the previous reviews mentioned that the tubes were pretty tight and almost difficult for the little one's to pound, so we passed the balls through the tubes a few dozen times before we gave him the gift. It helped and the toy was a hit. This toy has helped with eye-hand coordination as well as color identification. I would definitely recommend this toy", 5.0
"We bought this for our kindergartner who was just not remembering how to count her "teen" numbers.  She and our preschooler spent hours with it- we counted the numbers, guessed what number it was, picked our favorite colors...  It is bright and cheerful and gives them a big, tangible number to hold and play with.  Even our "that puzzles is for babies" 7 year old found herself drawn into it and we made up a game for her to add and subtract numbers with it", 5.0
"My twins got this toy for their first birthday, they are now 17 months. They like the train and all of the animals; it is just not a favorite toy.", 5.0
"They like the train, but we had to turn of the moving function (thumbs up for being able to turn off the wheels) because my daughters kept stopping it from moving away from them.", 5.0
"The songs are annoying, but upbeat.  We all like the animal sounds you get when you push the bell or place an animal in the engine.  I just wish that some of the animal sounds were more identifiable as to which animal says what (what animal says "chomp, chomp"?).", 4.0
"All of the animals except for the monkey that comes with the train give satisfying clicking noises when you move the arms/legs around.  The bottom of the feet/hands all have different colors and sometimes beads for added interest.  The twins like to play with the animals and move their arm/legs into all sorts of unnatural poses.  My favorite is the flying giraffe.", 2.0
"We have since bought/received most of the rest of this series of toys and they seem to be all similar.  The polar bear and the monkey set are nice because they have electronic animal sounds when you move the head and have carrying cases", 5.0
"We didn't even use it that much but we didn't turn the switch to the off position. So even though it wasn't playing or moving, it still killed the battery. It doesn't move really well, needs a little help, but it really is a cute toy and seems very safe for baby. All the little animals have lots of things that move and make sounds and all the edges are rounded (easy, safe chewing). It's well made and should last a long time", 5.0
"My son received this for his 1st birthday and instantly loved it!  He loves playing the songs, watching the train move or just playing with the animals. He's had it for 3 months and so far it has been very sturdy.  No new batteries yet and everything still works great despite his battering it!", 1.0
"Adorable, bright, strong, and big train set!  Larger than I imagined.  I purchaed this for my new grandchild.  I, myself, had 3 sons who had a train set similar to this but smaller.  All 3 of them loved it and played with it for years.  I'm hoping my grandchild gets as much joy and entertainment.  This particular site offered it for $5 less than the Fisher Price site, (I am a comparison shopper).  It arrived within 2 days!", 4.0
"I bought this toy for my daughter when she was 5 months old.I only showed it to her for a couple of times-the songs,the movement ,the lights.We never really played with it ,because she was too young.Now when she started crawling the toy just broke!It won't move (only couple inches),and it will sing only one song .It won't sing at all when you press the bottom.I'm very disappointed in Fisher Price!I was really hoping to enjoy my daughter chasing the moving train,crawling along with it-but I don't think it's going to happen", 5.0
"I was very excited to purchase this toy for my 1 year old daughter. She loves the toy and all the animal extras. However, I was disappointed that the train only actually moved on its own for the first week. It doesn't seem to "catch" anymore. That doesn't seem to bother my daughter who makes it go on her own, but I was disappointed not to have that feature", 5.0
"This animal train is an adorable toy.  My 2 year old has this and she loves it.  2 or 3 is definitely not too old for this.  It's really cute and not so babyish that it seems inappropriate to give to this age.", 5.0
"It's nice that this train goes so well on carpet, unlike some other toys.  There is no problem with that.", 5.0
"My daughter especially likes the sturdy, colorful animals that came with this.  Her set came with a giraffe, an elephant, and a monkey.  The giraffe's & elephant's joints make cool clicking noises when you move them around.  This is very appealing to little kids.  Our monkey is not jointed and makes no sounds.  A previous reviewer said something about the monkey making sounds.  That person must have been referring to a monkey that came in a separate set because the one pictured here doesn't do anything.", 5.0
"One thing my husband and I don't like about this train is the singing.  Singing is good, don't get me wrong. It's just that the woman's voice on this thing is LOUD and annoying and she isn't singing known songs.  There are 2 volume choices- loud and louder.  We ended up putting a few layers of tape over the speaker holes & it's still loud.  As for the songs on this, I'd think "I've been working on the railroad" or something like that would have been nice rather than the made up nonsense that this train has.  It would also be nice if the train would run without the music turned on, but it doesn't.", 5.0
"Overall, great toy but horrible music.", 5.0
"My little boy who was 7 months old at the time received this as a Christmas gift.  He is totally captivated with the music and the animals.  He absolutely loves it. And, with several different tunes, you don't have to listen to the same song over and over again.  Great toy!", 5.0
"My daughter, who just turned 1, received the amazing animals sing and go choo-choo.  My 2 1/2 year old son and my daughter both enjoy this toy.  It has a catchy song and the animal sounds are great.  We also bought the zebra and lion with their cars.  The only problem is the wheels don't seem to work well on our carpet or ceramic tile.  The wheels tend to spin and not make the train go anywhere most of the time, but both my kids still enjoy it", 5.0
"My 1-year old son loves this toy. It is very colorful and plays children's music. He likes to make the train move", 4.0
"I find it annoying that preschoolers are so limited in what they are "supposed" to learn and know. Of course, this is because parents are encouraged to teach their toddlers the skills required for entrance to public kindergarten. At pre-K screenings across the country, 3-4 year olds are quizzed on basic shapes, colors, whether they recognize their first name, and a variety of other skills deemed "necessary" by their local or state board of education. While it's okay, and even necessary to a point, it also limits the free wheeling learning that a young child's mind is capable of. This puzzle allows a little child to enquire about shapes beyond just the Square, Triangle, Rectangle, and Circle. My little Claire loved them for tracing. They served as race cars. Do the contacts work 100% of the time? To be honest, I can't even tell you! I was not paying attention to that, as I was usually there saying the shape's name, if that's what we were doing, or if they were race cars, saying "vroom" or if we doing colors, saying the color name.", 4.0
"So--great puzzle with lots of shapes, and multiple colors. Enjoy", 4.0
"I got this puzzle for my  1 1/2 yr old.  The sound does not work so I'm basically considering this toy as defective.  I likely won't return it b/c I don't want to deal with the hassle", 5.0
"The sound adds an extra element of stimulation. A good product at a good price", 4.0
"This is a great puzzle!  The voice speaking the names of each shape is very clear, and my 2 year old is learning his shapes using it!  The puzzle says the shape name, and then he repeats it.  Teaches beyond the circle, square, triangle!  Very good learning tool!  Seems durable, and batteries are lasting quite a while.", 5.0
"Excellent product. Shaves hours off the battery charging process so our kids can play with their trucks rather than wait for the batteries to charge. This charger really should come with all of the Power Wheels vehicles", 5.0
"My son has a few of the DVDs that go with this system but he absolutely LOVES this one.  And so do I!.  It's a wonderful story with a great lesson for kids to learn.  Great animation and the voice of the character fits the character so well.  My son is memorizing the story and loves to read along.  He also loves the DVD about the little blue train, but this is still his favorite.  This DVD is meant to be played with the READ with ME DVD system and the previous reviewer gave this DVD a negative rating but it appears that they don't even own this system to be able to play it back.", 5.0
"This Figure is amazing! It is from one of the best scenes in the new Texas Chainsaw Massacre film. If your a person who collects horror movie action figures, this is one you cant pass up", 5.0
"I'm disappointed to discover that this game is too junior for myself and my friends.  The question cards and experiments are way too easy.  This game would only be interesting to somebody in the third grade or younger.", 2.0
"I was really hoping that somebody had invented a truly creative game involving science, but this is basically something like chutes and ladders with some very elementary mechanics questions thrown in.", 1.0
"On the plus side, the game is very nicely made with cute drawings and good artwork.  I wish they would make an adult version that is truly creative and challenging", 5.0
"This is a fun game, but to play at the more challenging levels you have to build some machines (like a scale, race car, ramp)that are used over and over in the game.  Unfortunately, the materials provided are not very sturdy.  The dowels were too big to fit into some of the required pieces and consequently,my husband broke one of the dowels trying to force it into the discs necessary to build the scale.  Then we couldn't use the scale, which was really disappointing because it is central to the game.  Also, my ten year old found an error in one of the question cards - the answer provided was incorrect.  Having said all that, we still enjoy the game and play it alot even though we can't use the scale.  It is very interesting, especially if your child has an inclination towards logic, mechanics, or physical sciences.  My son loves it, and because he is mechanical minded (and I'm not!), he gets a kick out of getting answers right that Mom gets wrong", 5.0
"I think that its a nice thing to play with when you get bored..even though i dont have one i saw it on commercial so much times", 5.0
"My almost 3 yr old loves this set. It's a great quiet activity. There are a ton of beads and several laces allowing you to make several necklaces. Everything fits nicely into the storage case.", 5.0
"My son loves his tractor.  He rides on it several times a day.  It is definitely his favorite toy", 5.0
"The tractor was a hit as it can be pushed around the floor.", 1.0
"If you are looking for a good John Deere toy tractor, this is not it.  If you are looking for a nice green toy tractor, this may do.  The stickers on this model will peel off on their own within an hour of adhering them to the tractor.  Manufacturer says to ship back to place purchased and ask for refund, but no parts are available even if you have missing parts.  I have spoken with others that own the same toy and same thing happened to their stickers too.  So if you buy it, don't waste your time placing the stickers on it", 1.0
"It sings songs which my son loves and makes cute animal noises. I love the cat sound", 1.0
"my 3 year old daughter loves this puzzle!  The pieces are sturdy and the picture is just complicated enough for her to put together.  I think this is a great puzzle for preschoolers.", 5.0
"This puzzle was a disappointment.  The pieces are poorly made and don't stay connected.  I thought the picture would be the same on the tin and have the circus animals.  On the upside, the tin is very nice and my son loves to use it to carry his trains around.  The Giant Thomas floor puzzle (24 pieces) was much better", 4.0
"Very nice colorful puzzle. My son loves Thomas and this puzzle with 24 pieces was perfectly sized to get him started doing puzzles. He does it three times a day (we bought him two other Melissa and Doug puzzles that I recommend) and he doesn't tire of it.", 5.0
"My 3 year old son received this puzzle as a gift from a friend and he was very excited to carry it around in the Thomas tin, and look at the picture while he was putting it together.  Great Fun", 5.0
"My son loves this bench.The only thing is that it is smaller than expected,but still worth it", 5.0
"This bench is really cute and my two year old son just loves it. He likes to sit on it, lay on it, hide toys in it's bins, and try to name the different colors.", 4.0
"It was rather easy to put together and it pretty sturdy considering it's size. I would only suggest that you leave one side off during assembly and attach it last. This will avoid having to unscrew parts to fit in the pieces that attach with a dowel, etc.", 5.0
"I give it four stars because it is a bit small. I would say it's about 2ft tall and 2 1/2 feet wide. I was hoping for more storage space and a bigger seat but for $30 I think it was worth it. And most important - my son loves it", 5.0
"We haven't put it up on our wall yet, but my son thinks it is great.", 5.0
"Good desig", 4.0
"The Moon in My Room is a really neat light.  My son is 7 years old and just thinks its great.  Every night he puts the CD it comes with in his player and turns on his moon.  I also bought glow in the dark planets and stars so now he feels like he is out of this world", 5.0
"I purchased this product for my 18 month old son because he just loves to point out moons and stars.  He just loves it.  He is finally going to sleep with out a fuss.  My 5 year old daughter wants one now.", 4.0
"This was a Christmas gift for my 8 year old daughter who is into absolutely nothing but animals.  She absolutely loves it.  She turns it on every night and her and our other children go and watch it.  I even watch it.  It has two settings.  1.  Is where it goes through the phases of the moon.  I was mistaken about how this works, I thought that it went through the phases along with the moon, however, it blinks through them pretty quick.  2.  The moon is just set on a single phase of the moon.  I have seen them go through both of the settings, there is a small remote control that the child can set themselves.  The only problem with the remote is that because of its size it can get easily misplaced, especially if your kids are like mine and would lose just about anything. My suggestion for this would be to put some velcro on the back of the remote and stick it somewhere.  Also it has a sensor and turns off when the sun comes up and back on when the sun goes out.  It also runs off batteries.  Ours came with a cd, which I thought would be something that they could watch on the computer, but it isn't it is just talking about the moon.  Overall it was a good purchase, and I would definitely recommend it for a child who is very hard to shop for", 5.0
"My son loves the moon in his room. We turn it on as part of his good night routine. It shuts off automatically and has no cords.  Really a cool decoration for a kid's room, I would have loved it in my room, too", 5.0
"Very cool. This is science and fantasy together. The light is remote controlled and comes with an informative cd. You can take the moon through all it's phases and it looks real. The best part is if you want to howl at the moon, you don't have to brave the cold night air!", 5.0
"Got this for my 4 yo for Christmas, and it's way cool.  Looks even more awesome against his blue walls.  Having trouble finding the remote, but that's user error.  Great product", 4.0
"This was a great idea for my 2 kids for Christmas, I thought.  Unfortunately the Giga was a hassle to inflate with about 15 air chambers took close to an hour to fill.  Then our first time pushing the kids around with 2 friends (only one child in at a time.  Each kids weight was under 80lbs.  It is rated up to 150lbs.) the one air chamber ripped at the seams.  I now have a giga ball that was used 1 time with duct tape holding one panel together.  It ripped on 3 of the four sides holding it together.  Most of the chambers are held by 5 seams.  This chamber was right by one of the two openings.  So my Giga Ball experience was pretty flat", 4.0
"I see that one reviewer's gigaball came with instructions.  How nice - mind didn't.  It took four hours to fill up with a pretty good air compressor because the air leaked out faster than it would fill up.  I kept patching holes and new ones kept appearing.  It was like the twilight zone.  The worst part about it was how disappointed my children were.  I will not be purchasing another product from this company.  Quality is obviously an alien concept to them", 5.0
"My daughter has been wanting this item for quite some time, but every time I try to order it, it's never in stock.  She completely forgot she even asked for it, because I told her it was impossible to get. At any rate, when she saw what was in the box on Christmas, she was totally surprised and very happy.  They've had the ball outside once, and had a fantastic time in it.  Due to lots of rain lately they haven't been out again, but love hanging out inside the ball when in the house.  So far, indoor or out, this really seems like a great toy.  And, since it holds up to 150 lbs, I plan to get in it ASAP", 4.0
"My daughter was so excited to use this toy with her friend on the first warm day of spring, but was sorely disappointed.  It took nearly three hours to fill each individual chamber with air, and by the time I was done, her friend had to go home.  If you leave it outside, it gets very grungy and it is a pain to clean all of the grass and dirt and bug carcasses out of the crevices.  And since you can't fit in through a regular door without deflating it a bit, ours wound up mostly outdoors.  Some chambers leaked and went flat.", 4.0
"It was somewhat fun, although I was worried that the kids would roll over too hard and break an arm.  It's hard for the younger kids to push around.  My older daughter did have fun in it during a raging hurricane, sitting inside with a hose running.", 5.0
"Too labor intensive.  Looked like a good idea, but in reality was a pain in the neck", 5.0
"My kids loved this toy!  They can sit in it, roll around in it, climb on it...it's great! I even find them occasionally sitting inside the Giga ball with a book. The only drawback is that it seems to attract a lot of insects (the bright yellow color perhaps???)", 5.0
"This is a very cute, fun toy that not only can be for toddler boys but can be for toddler girls. It is adjustable to different heights to toddler and so much fun for the little child. There is a fun loud "announcer" that makes this toy fun for the child. "Play Ball!!" & other fun announcements.", 4.0
"I fully recommand this toy. You will smile and laugh as your child haves fun", 5.0
"It was just as expected - it was a Christmas gift, and was well liked", 5.0
"My son received this as a gift last Christmas.  At the time he was too young (6 mos) but he started playing with it around 9 mos of age.  It is one of his favorites.  We rotate his toys every month and when the closet door opens and he sees this toy waiting inside, it is the first one he grabs", 5.0
"I got this toy for my son when he had just mastered sitting up (at about 8 months old) and it gave him an activity that would let him hone that skill. He swings at the ball (and anything else) with the little bat and loves the announcers voice--"It's outta here!" just cracks him up. I recommend it highly. Mommy in C", 5.0
"This toy has provided hours of enjoyment for my son who is 18 months old. I love the fact that it's only two pieces and it even has a place to store the bat! He loves the sound effects and he even has older friends who play with it trying to hit a home run", 5.0
"Not a perfect set, some cars are dmaaged while some are badly painted, but since there are 25 cars, it's O", 5.0
"I homeschool my three girls and this is a fun and easy way to learn the locations of the states.  You can also learn a few fun facts.  The game says for 3rd grade and up, but we are using it in 2nd grade with no trouble. It is easy to set up and there are only a few simple rules.  Within minutes of opening the box you will be learning.", 4.0
"FYI: The more you need to learn about the states the more fun you will have.", 5.0
"I had a copy of the original game before it was changed after four years to its present format.  It was simple, got the job done, was fast-paced, and cost less", 5.0
"Too many citizens of the U.S. can't tell the difference between Colorado and Wyoming. Play this fun game and learn about the 50 states. My husband and I play this with our children to help them learn. To make it more  challenging, the adults have to name the capital cities as well the the  states. Sometimes the spinner seems to land on the same numbers, so we've  altered the game so that a new number must be spun each turn", 5.0
"This game is so much fun, your children won't think they are learning and they'll want to play it all the time. Because it's repetitive and easy, children learn fast. I would recomend this game to all parent", 4.0
"this version added quite a few dimensions to a game that we in our house have been playing non-stop for over a year now.  While the original monopoly is a staple, and we all know its subtilties (sp?), this game had all the flavors of the original and added a lot to the game.  I dare say we might be playing a lot more of it in upcoming months.  Highly recommended, however we have adjusted the rules a bit; the game seems to unfairly make the boardwalk property (usually not a great property) the single most important property.  Look at the discussion section of this listing for rule changes that we have come up with to fix this problem.  I'd like other opinions.  - JL", 4.0
"it's fun.  something different for adult children who had played cut-throat monopoly thru their childhood.  my son couldn't wait to buy a sky scraper.  but the game has some flaws - chance and cc cards need to be updated, some rules need clarification, cash flow problems need handling, etc.  not for children who have not played the original.", 2.0
"I grew up loving monopoly, and still enjoy it occassionally, but as an adult the strategy has become painfully obvious.  Land on a property, buy it.  Build houses as soon as possible.  Pray the dice land right.", 4.0
"This edition adds a few minor changes that completely change the stategy for winning, while keeping the heart of the game the same.  If you enjoy board games, this one is a MUST have", 4.0
"The floating blocks are a great tub toy.  There is a nice mesh storage bag that you can hang them in and they are virtually wet proof.  My son Kevin who is 15 months old, enjoys stacking the blocks in the tub and sometimes eating them too (but they are safe).  I would recommend these blocks for babies who are at the stage where they are able to stack blocks", 5.0
"My daughter loves to take baths, and when I bought this item, it made her love the bath even more.  She loves to build "towers" with blocks, and these blocks are great for that.  I sit on the edge of the tub and build them with her, and we have lots of fun.  This is a great, inexpensive toy for toddlers.  The blocks are lightweight and easy to stack, and they make a great addition to bathtub fun for your little one. Highly recommended!", 5.0
"~K in North Carolin", 4.0
"I bought this for my 15 year old for Christmas.  He didn't want any toys, only $.  I had to put some gifts under the tree, so I chose this figure with a few others.  He really liked it.  He set it up immediately for display in his room.  Good quality, detailed", 5.0
"Great 2 pack of two NFLers. Brooks looks like he is chasing Gannon down. while Gannon is running for his life just like in Super Bowl 37. Which Brooks's Bucs won", 5.0
"This toy is a big disappointment!  It wasn't easy to put together and is certainly NOT durable!  Hard to see how others can make such a claim - don't their kids actually touch the toy?  My son is pretty easy on toys and this set hasn't lasted at all!  He is extremely frustrated at the way it constantly falls apart and is difficult to put back together.  He has no trouble at all with complicated Lego sets - a much better way to spend your money!!", 5.0
"This is a horrible product.  The pieces won't stay together. It would be very difficult for a child to put this together without constant adult supervision. The product has VERY poor engineering and quality control.", 5.0
"I bought the Mega Bloks Dragon Mountain set for myself a few months ago and had yet to put it together.  The only things that I did put together were the dragons.  The instructions for putting it together are well done.  They tell you exactly what you need for each step.  An improvement would be some views from above to make the building process a little easier.  The completed structure is actually two separate structures joined by the bridge for the mine car.  As impressive as this set is, it holds together quite well.  The key is to build, as with any other Mega Bloks set, on a good hard and level surface.  I've moved it a couple times and one of the smaller base sections will fall off, but that's no big deal since there's nothing underneath to hold it in place.  It'll take two trips to move it so don't move it all at once.  Just make sure you carry the larger structure by holding onto the floor of the second level and take your time while moving it.  One other nice improvement would be the addition of a second cannon.  I love the idea of mounting the cannon onto the dragon, but it would be nice to have either second cannon mounted on the smaller structure as it shows in the instructions or even better yet, a harpoon lancher.  Other than that, I feel that the Dragon Mountain is a great addition to the Mega Bloks Dragons series", 4.0
"I have heard so much about this ship. I can't wait till i get it in july 2005 for my birthday. I hope this ship is really over 30 in. long. This ship should lead all of your dragon toys. A must have. I highly recommend it", 5.0
"Not for small kids, the paint is messy.  The goop has good consistency, it would serve for a science project or so, but not as a toy", 5.0
"I was very pleased with the Bead Kit.  The children loved it", 5.0
"Specific items as promised on site however are NOT able to specify size as indicated.  My son loves it although the robe and glasses are huge for him.  Would recommend for Harry potter fans", 5.0
"I think the deck is a great stragie. I also put my 2 best cards ,THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA and BLUE-EYES ULTIMATE DRAGON in there", 5.0
"This deck is better than Kaiba's. People usually only buy Kaiba's deck for the Blue Eyes.. but if you want it so bad, buy it seperate. Yugi's deck actually has a strategy set in in. It's got an assorted variety off all types of cards, and no, I'm not only saying this because it's got a stupid axe of despair and a Black Luster Soldier, but because it's a strategic deck that's been put together for us to buy. But don't try using this in tournaments because most people know this deck like the back of their head. Wait, do people know what the back of their head looks like? Hang on, wait a moment while I try andd see the back of my head.. =", 5.0
"This deck is not like the original yugi deck.ITS MUCH BETTER.you get cards like black luster soldier,swords of revealing light,and MUCH MORE. (i also put my egyptain god card the winged dragon of ra in this deck, sold with the game dawn of destiny)", 5.0
"This is a great product. If you are into Yu-Gi-Oh than you shoud buy this. I got GREAT cards like Dark Magician, Black Luster Soldier, Pot of Greed and much, much more that where all in mint condition. This is AWESOME!!!", 5.0
"This was worth buying to go along with the baby alive doll. My daughter loves not only the doll, but the accessories I have purchased", 5.0
"My son loves it. I love it. We have 3 of these. I bought one here that was defective, contacted Amazon, they shipped a replacement out that same day by overnight. Stuff happens, Amazon fixes the issue. I love the lightsaber. Always wanted something like this as a kid, now I have a kid that wants one...I am still a total geek or what? The lightsaber rules! The old extend yourself that we have seem so plain now...", 5.0
"It is not bad for the price. The only thing is, the saber part does not glow solid. It only glows where the lights are placed in side. Not a bad product for the price", 4.0
"My brother purchased this item at a magic convention, showed it to me and I had to have one for a friend of mind who has that kind of sense of humor. Since buying it and giving it to her, she has called saying they are having a ball with it. It is the greatest entertainment there is. Grown people are crazy about it. It creates a lot of laughter. Other people are wanting to borrow it to take to gatherings/meetings they are going to for the entertainment value. You can't keep your hands off of it and the laughter abounds. Great, great toy!!!  Now I think I am going to order one for myself like my sister did. She couldn't resist either", 5.0
"I purchased one of these for work, I'm a Recreation Therapist, the guys laughed so hard they almost fell out.  I used it in a hangman game and when the chicken chokes and walks off doing the chicken dance you have to laugh", 4.0
"I don't know why this is, but when I put on the Dale Sr. shell for this car it started to understeer on left turns and would always crash into walls", 5.0
"This car is extremely fast. The steering on the car is very responsive. The kid's love it, actually ordered another one so the kid's can race each other. Battery only runs for about 20 minutes, Order Extra Battery Packs. This IS the HOBBY GRADE car, not the BASE VERSION.", 5.0
"This is a great R/C model...and you need to have wide open space to drive this....parking lot, basketball court, etc.  Not for the driveway or the house...it packs a lot of speed and you need wide open space to run.  It is very responsive, and very good proportional controls.  No need for hop-ups.  Battery goes about 20 minutes on a full charge.  Recommend an additional battery.  I bought 3, so the family and I can resolve it on the track and not worry bout no point battle!!", 5.0
"This production description IS wrong. You are confusing the two versions of these cars and options-items into one description. You cant have two different transmitter ranges! Hobby Grade is 50 yard range NOT 100, digital proportional steering is DIFFERENT from full function. CHECK YOUR STOCK", 1.0
"Product Description", 5.0
"About 35", it's 1/6 scale!..... Scale speed is over 120MPH!... .. Live speed is over 20MPH!..... This is NOT A TOY! It is for ages 16 and up...... NEW in Box!...... complete and ready to race...... complete with batteries, battery pack and charger....... 100+ yard range..... Impact wrench transmitter.... 12V NI-CD Battery Pack and Charger..... 6 AA Batteries..... Body shell removable..... Full Function Features..... Forward, reverse, left and right turn..... Adjustable front wheel alignment..... On/Off switch is on bottom of car..... Officially licensed...... Authentic Team Graphics....... four wheel independent spring suspension.... high performance motor..... impact absorbing rear and front bumper... impact wrench type transmitter..... race up to 5 cars.... 50 yard signal range .... hobby grade features..... digital proportional steering.... multiple frequencies..... variable speed..... 120 scale mph (to scale 20+mph)....", 5.0
"This product is engaging and safe.  It is far better than the other walk along toys I have purchased", 5.0
"We bought our son this at age 28 months. He'd never had a lovey or a blankie or a pacifier or any other of those typical comfort things. Weird, huh?? We thought so too. But as soon as this Elmo was out of the box... he became a part of the family. He ever wants him in the bath. Easy on batteries and a truly adorable toy. It has sensors or something so it actually interacts w/ the child... seems like Elmo is literally talking right to you. Reasonably priced and well worth i", 5.0
"Mattel made such a great idea by making this doll. I just bought her and love her.Most pollys` i dont like because they dont have real hair, but this one does!I love the little turtle.Also, you should buy the polly and pia pack because they go really well with this doll. Most of the time I take her out with me...everywhere!Also, the clothes are more durable, they dont fall off, and theyre prettier too.She is also educational because she can encourage us to help animals. buy this doll", 4.0
"I just got this toy, and it's really fun! Lila has cute outfits, and the pets are really sweet! I have a lot of different Polly Pocket dolls that came with pets, but I really like this one. The style is really sweet, and the outfits are totally adorable!! I definately recomend this to anyone who likes Polly Pocket or pets", 4.0
"I got the blond one and her leg broke but I put string           on her leg and other than that it is pretty cool", 5.0
"Received these cars in pristine condition. Fash shipper.  Would recommend", 4.0
"I played this with my 9 year old daughter, 7 year old son (who was reluctant because it was a "girly" game, he LOVED it though and wanted to play more, but I did have to help him because it requires reading cards to play), and 16 year old son (who was also reluctant--he won't admit it, but he DID have fun, and I'm sure I can "force" him to play again!)  It is a great way to get your kids to talk to each other, laugh and joke around, very family oriented.  I would highly recommend this as a family game or a game for a slumber party with preteen girls", 5.0
"I don't remember the age range for this game, but I would recommend 10 and up.  I played this with my daughter and her friend.  Some of the wishes had to be explained, because the girls had never heard of some of the things.  Like, "Hosting a Charity Ball."  But over all this is a good game, you learn a lot about your friends in a short amount of time.  I think she will be able to play it for years to come.  A really good sleep over game", 5.0
"I really like this game too.  The other reviews tell how the game works so I'll focus on why I liked it.  My 12 year old daughter received it as a Christmas gift.  We played the game for an hour and my daughter wanted to keep playing and asked when we could play it again so I know she liked it.  I found the comments each of us made about some of the wishes helped us get to know each other better - we get so wrapped up in everyday life it's difficult to really communicate.  There are 4 categories of wish cards (Experiences, Treats and Treasures, Accomplishments and Family Fun).  Some of the wishes are very "girly girl" and ironically her Dad seemed to end up with a lot of those wishes.  So, after we played it the first time by daughter separated those wishes out so the rest of the wishes would be more appropriate for her Dad.  My daughter plans to use the girly girl wish cards when she plays it with her girlfriends.", 4.0
"We absolutely LOVE this game at our house.  We all play it, even the boys.  We've had it for a year & it's still one of our favorites.  It's simply a game where you get to see how others see you.  You are given wish cards that might say "Would go snorkling with dolphins".  You give it to the person you think would most likely do that.  Then after all the cards are passed out into the individual "diaries".  You rate each of your wishes from hightest to lowest.  The person who gave you the highest wish gets more points than the lowest.  Easy to keep score with a little "key" in your diary.  The name on this game is American Girl 300 Wishes.  It has NOTHING to do with American Girl.  Just a marketing ploy I suspect.  Doesn't take long to play.  I'm buying several to give as gifts this year.  Probably best it all players know how to read, however my son plays with our help", 5.0
"My niece got this game for her 7th birthday.  It is all we have played since.  It is a really cute game.  Each player gets their own diary with a key.  Then the wishes are distributed face down to each player.  Each player then distributes the wishes to the player they think would most like that wish.  A lot of the wishes are really cute; she gets a kick out of her dad and her grandad read the wishes out loud.   This game is cute, sweet, and apparently tons of fun to a seven-year-old little girl", 4.0
"I love playmobile...even though you have to put everything together just for your 4 year old son to destroy it within minutes.  However I have learned to gorilla glue all the peices together while you build it.  They last longer that way.  Now that my son can't destroy it he plays with it more and more every day.  We also have the dragon fortress that he plays with too.  Invest in Gorilla Glue..its a beautiful thing", 5.0
"We bought this castle for our 4-year old who liked to play "war" with his sister's dollhouse - something she didn't particularly appreciate.  He loves the toy and spent an entire afternoon creating battles the first day he got it.", 2.0
"HOWEVER...this requires a long assembly process, although the box doesn't even say "some assembly required".  The assembly is very simple, but it just takes awhile.  Pre-assembly is highly recommended unless your child is incredibly patient.  Beware of the huge number of tiny pieces, too.  Don't let your child open the plastic bags before you're ready to use the parts.", 5.0
"Based on our son's enjoyment, however, the assembly time is worth it.  The toy is sturdy and fun", 2.0
"Just what we were looking for. More durable and colorful than the "disposable" stuff from the drugstore. This beach set is perfect for anytime play at the playground", 5.0
"My nephew is a little over 1 year and he absolutly loved this toy.  It seems like it would be pretty stupid, but for some reason the balls popping out of one end and rolling to the other really captivated them.", 5.0
"My daughter she is almost 4 months and she loves this pool. We put in 175 balls inside it and she just loves kicking the balls", 5.0
"The mat is entertaining and age appropriate.  It has provided hours of pleasure for my 21 month old granddaughter and her older sister too.  It is travel-friendly and wipes clean.  I feel it is a good value for the cost and an item that can be saved for other children as well.", 5.0
"I would definitely purchase this item again as a gift for others", 5.0
"It has numerous sound feature. The music tune it fairly entertaining. However, the touch sensor aren't that sensitive. You have to press it numerous times to make it work. It didn't entertain my child at all.", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughters birthday and when we got it, it was a piece of junk the buttons worked for one day then the next day when you tried to push a cerain button it would give you a different noise or it would not work at all, the things are hard to push you have to really push hard on them, this toy is not worth it not even the amount they are asking for to be honest I think it is worth fifty cents, I am very disapointed in it.", 5.0
"This was given to my 18 month old son last Christmas. He enjoyed playing with it daily for awhile. I recommend not putting this in the toy box. Now a year later it has some problems - it only plays when IT wants to. I do like this toy, but it needs to be well taken care of to last", 5.0
"i bought this for my 2 year old son.  the sounds are tinny and overly loud.  and it's confusing to use for any child under age 3.  he only played with it for about 15 minutes, then that was it.  so not worth the...price tag in my opinion", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter and she absolutely loves it!  It arrived as promised.  She plays with it 24/7 and it is still running!  Wish the Purple had been a little more purple and not so hot pinkish, but all in all...love this item!!!  Would recommend to anyone", 4.0
"My 8 year old was bored in 5 minutes.  Don't waste your money.  The screens are hard to see.  Has volume control but have to reset every time it is restarted. Overall this game is very dissapointing", 2.0
"The item was exactly as described and what my son was looking for. However it was about 1 1/2 times the cost of it's retail price in stores. The product itself arrived in a timely manner and was fine. However the one click order on Amazon.com is not a good thing as my son ordered it when I was not aware", 4.0
"Planets are made of sturdy plactic but they do not glow long after the light are turned out - less than 15 minutes.  Does not include the Sun like some other sets. Easy to hang", 4.0
"My daughter received this doll for Christmas along with Erica two years ago and both dolls are still going strong.  They both have voice tracks which are still working, they are both in great shape, even though their hair and gowns have taken a beating.  Unfortunately after two years of changing and exchanging gowns, the bodices are now ripping apart (They have already been sewn once).  The loss of the gowns are the reason the rating is 4 stars instead of five. Aside from that, it is one of the nicest, if not THE nicest of their video tie-in products.", 5.0
"Princess Anneliese Doll is lovely...such a beautiful dress!", 5.0
"My 6 year old granddaughter will love adding it to her collection.   We play Barbies often", 5.0
"This is a fun doll that sings the first line of I'm just like you which my toddler loves. It is for her birthday so I havent given it to her yet but I know she will love it", 2.0
"My girls loved this doll. It is nice and her voice is sweet and not as loud as others. They try to sing together with Annelise!", 5.0
"The barbie was beautiful and the price couldn't be beaten. I bought 2. One for my daughter and one for my niece for Christmas. The dress is beautiful and the fact that it sings is just an extra bonus. Plus I got free shipping on it with as one of the deals of the day.", 5.0
"Nice product. Moreover I got this in a good deal. I would like to get one more. But its not available in Amazon now", 5.0
"My daughter recevied this for her birthday after I purchased it from Amazon, and I can't tell you how excited she was to receive it. She plays with it constantly, especially when she's playing dress-up as a princess anyhow. I recommend this toy highly. For the record, she turned 3 on her birthday, and there were NO small parts for me to worry over her choking on. To most parents, that's very important. And I know it eases my mind to know that there really are toys like this out there.", 5.0
"This doll is very pretty and my daughter loved it", 1.0
"she is such a pretty doll, and my grandaughter really loves this barbie.  My grandaughter loves the movie, and I love it too.  I believe it teaches little girls good values, and that it is ok to be intelligent, and to use your head.  All in all this a very good doll for little girls", 5.0
"I got this item after reading a lot of peoples reviews on multiple sites.  For the most part they all said that it didn't work on one computer but did on another.  Well I own a Mac and know that Pooh wasn't compatible with that but I have access to multiple PC's at work.  Well I brought the item to work followed the instructions on installing the program disc and choosing my setting and then I go to plug Pooh in and it doesn't upload.  So I go to trouble shoot the item and go to Fisher-Prices web site and trouble shoot my bear and they tell me that there is nothing they can do but to send it back.  Well I am stubborn and I read some more reviews and decided that I should try other computers.  I went to four other computer and tried all of their available USB ports and still nothing.  5 computers and 12 USB ports later it looks like Pooh doesn't know my childes name and is getting sent back to Fisher-Price heaven.  Fisher-Price acknowledges this problem and yet they don't have a patch to fix it.  Oh well, just know that buying this product could potentially cause you to kill Pooh", 5.0
"I didn't have any trouble with software, and my son's name was on the list.  Someone else claimed it doesn't have an on/off switch, but that's not true, it's on the internal box that you plug into the computer.", 5.0
"The main problem with this toy is the same problem with a lot of electronic toys.  It doesn't really do much, and nags your child constantly to play with it.  It will tell your child when it's time for lunch or a nap or something, but it's not like they're going to be carrying around 24/7 so they're around to hear it.  Mostly what it does is say "let's keep playing, shall we? Squeeze my hand."  Then when you do, it proclaims it likes the same food or animal that your child likes.  Then it asks to have it's hand squeezed again.", 5.0
"My son is probably a little young for it, but I can't see him getting all that much fun out of squeezing a teddy bears hand over and over and listening to it be an electronic yes-man.", 5.0
"It's not a terrible toy but you're probably better off with toys that engage your child's imagination", 4.0
"Don't waste your money on this Pooh. My son got him for Christmas and didn't really care anything about him. I know that you can change the songs but our Pooh says Happy Birthday to my son every day. I probably can change that, though. He doesn't keep the time. Every day he got more and more off until he was singing and talking in the MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT and AT NAP TIME! Well, needless to say, he he is no longer with us! He lives in the garage. My husband put him out there after he woke my son up, AGAIN! I will be storing him in the attic soon. I wouldn't recommend for anyone to purchase him. He says my son's name really funny too. I was extremely disappointed with this", 5.0
"I absolutely loved it!!!  Very easy to personalize and even changed the message without a problem. (for those who had a problem, it probably was the demo batteries, replace them and everything should be fine) My niece LOVED it... was fascinated because Pooh knew her name, her favorite people, color, food, etc... much nicer than the pre-programmed electronic sing-a-long plush.", 1.0
"One suggestion, give this to your child a few days before their birthday... Pooh countdowns to their birth date (and plays a birthday song as one of the options)!", 5.0
"Very cool product", 1.0
"This was shipped to my grandson for his first birthday and the package that the Pooh came in was all riped and torned like it was opened up and return. I wrote to you and you took cared of it. It was nice to know that you took the time to fix the situtation and make it better.", 5.0
"I bought this toy on clearance at a local store for around $12, got it home and after reading the box, realized that I didn't even have to take it out to program it.  The box has a flap in the back that lifts up for easy access to the toy, the software that you use with your computer and the usb cable!  It came equipped with everything you need to download it!  I pulled the cable out, hooked it up to the toy, turned the toy to the "on" position, hooked the other end of the cable up to one of my PC's USB ports, and inserted the CD ROM into the drive.  The software downloaded and the onscreen directions were so easy to follow.  It took only about 15 minutes in all to get it ready for my daughter to play with.  This is a Christmas present, so after I got him programmed, I had to remember to turn him "off" on his box so that once he was wrapped and under the tree, he wouldn't be "talking", etc.  The only downfall I can mention with this toy is that he can only be programed for 3 songs/stories.  You get to select up to 3 songs/stories from the software.  I wanted 3 songs and 3 stories, but had to choose at total of 3 alltogether.  So I chose two songs, and 1 story.  But it was easy to do, and he is ready to go...it was a bargain for me to catch him on clearance, and be able to program him so easily", 5.0
"I hear you, guys!", 5.0
"After choosing all my son's "favorites" I finally get it just how I want and the **** thing keeps giving me the "Not Connected. Try Again." message! I unplugged it, plugged it in, unplugged it... My computer (OS: XP) was doing that "I'm connected to something" bong-sound, but alas, nothing!  I was about to give up, but tried another USB port and IT WORKED! :-)", 5.0
"I too was SO excited about this toy.  How cool that Pooh can say "Ryan" and sings on cue... Well, almost... He says everyting in a random order (okay, I understand it's a TOY) and pressing his hotspots won't change what he is already saying... It's a primative talking toy to say the least.", 5.0
"Who doesn't like Pooh though?  He is adorable.  The battery box sticks out a little too far in the back, which causes a hard spot, and his shirt doesn't fully cover the opening, so I see that as a future problem...", 5.0
"I eagerly await future software updates as well.  It would be nice if Pooh WOULD eat meat since my son's favorite dinner is chicken and NOT CHERRY PIE!  What are "haycorns" anyway? :-)", 5.0
"Go ahead, buy it.  Give it a whirl, but keep your receipt.  My son has yet to see it... :-", 5.0
"I purchased both the Pooh and Dora dolls for my daughter.  Both dolls had her name, but Dora was the only one that had options for pronounciation.  Her name is Avery, pronounced "Av-ree"  Pooh will only say "A-ver-ee"  Also when he says her name, his voice drops in tone and sounds very out of place.  I have also had trouble with the dolls losing time.  When I bought the dolls, I was under the impression that they were able to do many games, songs, and stories all at once. (the box says over 100).  In auctuality, the doll only does three activities at once and so you have to choose from the song, story, and game lists.  Currently I have been choosing one activity from each list which means that I have to get on my computer every week or so and change the settings so my daughter can have a different thing to listen to. The box should say that they do over 100 games, stories, games, and phrases, just not all at once. My daughter enjoys the dolls, but to me they are very aggrevating.  My last thought is that if you purchase the doll, be sure to set the daily schedule a little ahead of your child.  I had her breakfast schedule set at 8am, but on mornings when she was sleeping in a little, Pooh and Dora woke her up announcing breakfast.  I now have it set at 9am even though she's already up and running by then", 5.0
"We got this for our son for Christmas and love it.  Lucky enough it did have his name and his sisters name to program.  However, the daily schedule looses about 30 seconds everyday, and before you know it, it's telling him it's time to eat dinner at 4:30 rather than the 5:00 I had it set for. So I have to re-sync it with the computer every few days.  Also, Pooh has yet to mention my son's birthday or do the 'countdown', and that was a feature we were really excited about. All in all, it's a fun toy, and we're glad we got it for our son to play with", 4.0
"This one has over 30 phonics games for little one to play. Put it in front of any child 8 or younger and they will play with it. The lessons are geared toward the 6 and younger crowd but it's great fun for anyone. When my son has nothing to do I'll get out one of the leapfrog books and we'll play the sound game. This book is especially great for that with its letter sounds and music.", 5.0
"Learning last a lifetime, so get them started with fun friends from Leap Frog.", 5.0
"I have always praised the LeapPad products and this is just another to add to it.  These are the only things that I can get my 4 year old interested in", 5.0
"My children are just learning to read.This program is great! It really holds their attention.I found a complete set of book from #1 to # 10 packaged together. After we do one book they look forward to doing the next.It has fun games and music for them,it really makes learning fun.I would also like to recommend the Leap frog Fridge Phonics, it has some of the same catchy songs in it", 5.0
"My son is 4 and finally learned the sounds of letters with this book. The characters are funny and the songs are so catchy, my son sings the letter sound song all the time. Getting him from knowing the alphabet song to the actual sounds of letters was a big LEAP, but this book really really worked! I've already bought the next 3 phonics books and so far, he love them too. He also can't get enough of the book by Bob the Builder, teaching reading comprehension in a truly fun way that he can relate to. Great stuff!", 1.0
"My grandson likes to sleep with Tigger.  It's holding up to his abuse.", 5.0
"I bought this for my son and he loves using these as pillows when he goes to bed. He loves it. Thank yo", 4.0
"The toy was in perfect condition and was what I needed.  Shipping was also very fast", 5.0
"It's a pretty toy and very good price", 4.0
"I have had this for my daughter since she was about 3 months old.  It has become her best friend, and we had to get another one, so she could have one at school to nap with.  I think everyone with little ones should have one", 5.0
"This toy is very well designed to look at, and has great potential for imagination.  But it just does not stay together well.  At the slightest touch, it can and does fall apart.  But is has a lot of pieces and is very modular to put it in many different designs.  My son and husband love playing with i", 4.0
"Harr, landlubbers!  Raise the mainsail!  Hoist the mizzen mast!  We're off to Treasure Island with the Mega Bloks Pyrates!  Harrgh!  When I discovered that Mega Bloks was producing a pirate line, I was excited.  This is definitely something to look forward to, and given Mega Bloks's usual quality and attention to detail, their pirate islands and crews would no doubt be absolutely fabulous.", 4.0
"Well, the wait is over, the Pyrates have been subjected to my scrutiny, and here's the result.", 2.0
"Good news first.  Check out these minifigs!  This set comes with one of each type of pirate--Sea Marauder, Privateer, and Skeleton Crew.  The articulation on these guys is awesome!  Ball joints at the shoulders and hips for super posability.  Legs bend at the knees, arms bend at the elbows.  Head is on a ball joint as well.  These are the best minifigs I've ever seen.  You can pose these guys in ways that you could only dream of posing Lego figures.  This is how all minifigs should be.  But our good news doesn't end here.  The detail and paint jobs on these guys is beyond fantastic.  Detailed outfits, pirate scowls, adventurous facial expressions, texture detail on the outfits, hats, faces.  They're like mini action figures.  Accessories for our three guys include a cutlass, pistol, spyglass, ghostly harpoon for the skeleton, a lantern, a couple barrels, and treasure chest with gold.", 5.0
"That's the good news.  The bad news is that the smugglers fort is a challenge to assemble.  There are a good number of large rocky cliff pieces here.  I had difficulty getting them to stick to each other.  The pieces refused to grab onto each other.  I had a look at the underside of a cliff piece (where it's supposed to click onto another) and discovered some excess plastic on a couple of the little pegs (which are supposed to grab onto the surface pegs of another piece).  The excess plastic prevents the underside of the cliff from grabbing onto another piece.  With some scissors and effort, I was able to shave just a bit of this extra plastic off and get the cliff pieces to stick together.  However, there just isn't much connecting each piece to the other to begin with, so they easily fall apart.  It's mostly a single, flimsy line of pegs holding the cliffs together.", 4.0
"This is a minimalist building set.  Assemble some rocky cliff pieces, place a few plates and trap door across the middle, add in a few stock building blocks for good measure, put two walls with roofs on there to give it a remote semblance of being a "fort", slap some ladders on there, a couple rocks, a couple pieces of foliage, a palm tree, and we've got ourselves a very mediocre pirate island.  Behind the fort (and I use that term loosely) is a tall lookout tower.  Working features include the aforementioned trap door, a spring-loaded cannon, and...  That's about it.  Also included is a rowboat with oars and a shark.", 4.0
"Durability is less than questionable.  Presuming you're able to get this thing built to begin with, don't expect to be moving it around much.  I had the lookout tower and the cliff it's built on go crashing to the floor while trying to move mine.  Aside from the design of the island being rather lackluster (it could use more foliage, at the very least), the design of the cliff base pieces leaves much to be desired.", 1.0
"Let's hope Mega Bloks's next attempt at a pirate island is easier to get up and running and better designed.  My verdict:  one thumb up for the minifigs, one thumb down for the smugglers fort.  And my advice:  stick with Captain Cutlass's Stormstalker, Dreadeye's Phantom, and the smaller island sets.  Put together, they have enough of those cool minifigs to keep any pirate captain happy", 1.0
"For an avid music fan, this is a real cool toy to play along with your favorite tunes.  I am a big audiophile, but I couldn't complain too much about the sound quality of the drum sounds.  They sound pretty good considering there really isn't much competition in the market for electronic drumsticks.  If i had my way I would design a pair of sticks that simulated a real "hi-hat" sound instead of a ride cymbal sound, and I would also make the hi-hat sound the default sound on the right drumstick and make the ride cymbal and bass drum the two buttons on the right stick.", 1.0
"I would also like to be able to do a snare drumroll with both sticks, but currently due to the design, you can only make a snare sound with the left stick.  I would probably add another button onto the right stick to be able to hit both sticks with the same snare sound.  What would also be real nice is for the sticks to adjust volume based on how hard you hit the sticks.   A lot of keyboards nowadays have that ability and it can really make a difference with drums, especially when doing a crescendo in a song or when drums are played quietly.", 5.0
"It takes some getting used to, but i feel like i'm a pro at drumming along with these sticks.  I recommend this to anyone who listens to music while tapping on anything they can find.  It is good for practicing rhythm as well and really can add a lot to your songs if you choose to record your work", 1.0
"I got these for my boyfriend along with the iPod for Christmas and he absolutely loved them. He is a drummer by profession and he said that they were actually really fun to play with. Of course it doesn't sound like a real drum set, but the novelty of it is great! A fun product for the novice, a pro, or someone just wanting to have so fun", 4.0
"I bought these for a 13 year-old for Christmas.  The package was impossible to open.  I forgot batteries.  When we got the batteries, we learned that you can only play drum with one stick, you have to play cymbals with the other.  So you cannot use them to simply drum!  They do not work at all if you use them to tap on a surface, so you must air drum.  Also, one of the two sticks missed every third or fourth beat.  This product is as disappointing as it could possibly be", 4.0
"my friend brought it over he got it for christmas. He likes to play drums so do I. it was cool.", 5.0
"     From,", 5.0
"       unknow", 5.0
"Poorly designed.. Cannot replace battereis without removing screw; Volume is very, very low; cannot be activated other that swift and sharp movement in the air.. cannot activate by hitting any surface.  None of the possible sounds are programmable.  If your any kind of drummer, stay away from these", 4.0
"When i opened this present,i was like "oh great, a useless present that i will never wnat to play with"  well, i opened it up, read the simple directions, and began making music within the next couple minutes. you can plug headphones right into it or even plug it into your standard amplifier. I think that if you just like playing with music toys, then get this. If your actually serious about thinking of playing the drums or whatever, i think you would be happy with this. even though there are only about 6 drum sounds, you can actually make some serouis music with this thing. instead of buying a $500 electonic drum set, just get these!!!", 5.0
"Also, since it is just classified as a toy, you would think that when you wave the stick, a sound would come out 10 seconds later or something - well you wrong! this is very very accurate, and the sound is heard as soon as you wave the stick", 5.0
"i just think everyone should no that these drumsticks are amazing, and i cant stop playing with them", 2.0
"now, stop reading this, scroll up, and click "Add to Cart", 5.0
"We gave these to our daughter for Christmas.  She has not put them down!  They sound awesome and she has so much fun with them.  Her only issue is that when she lets someone else try them, they won't give them back!", 5.0
"She is fourteen, loves music, and dabbles with our real drumset, but the beauty of these are that no one else has to hear them.", 4.0
"We have not tried them on any other mp3 player, just her ipod, but we love them.  Definitely worth the $30", 4.0
"It is a nice sleeping bag bed, easy to fill up. My kids are using them right now and sleep comfortably. Just remember it's not for kids that are too tall like over 45" nor weigh over 60 or 70 lbs. Less than that wil definately take advantage of it.", 5.0
"I bought this for my cousin who is 3 years old.  He loves how it talks to him.  He needs some assistance on changing the pages, and can't figure out the games yet, but he is learning new words with it. I love LeapPad products and have used them for my children for years", 5.0
"My daughter was 2 1/2 when she got this and loved it! My son was 5 1/2 and usually doesnt play with his sister leap pad but loved this book.", 5.0
"My kids love and enjoy My first leap frog books. This book is great for learning numbers and number recognition.", 4.0
"My daughter has 6 leappad books - this is the only one she doesn't like.  I am not sure why, but it just isn't as good as the rest", 5.0
"Our 3 year old does not like this book very much.  Colors and shapes are too small.  And there is too much other information around those items to make it clear that that is what they are supposed to be learning.  It says it is supposed to teach numbers, but it only goes up to 5.  If I had to do it over again I would have purchased another Leappad book instead of this one", 4.0
"I bought this thinking it would be great for travel.  We do a lot of car and plane travel.  However, the unit is not that well designed and not very robust.  The volume for plane &quot;white noise&quot; is just not high enough.  A headphone adapter would be a good addition.  Also, the ON/OFF button is at a location that a child (or adult) can easily turn the unit off again while  it is being used.  Because of this, it would be nice to have a light to know if the unit is on, idle, or off.  I have had numerous problems with cartridges not being recognized....&quot;This is not a Leap pad cartridge....)  And, the sensitivity for the &quot;new page button...the green dot&quot; is frustrating.  You can push and push and it won't recognize a new page.  It also eats through batteries (this also may be the ON/OFF problem...you don't know if it is ON when you pack it away, or if it gets turned ON in backpack/carry-on, etc.)  All, in all...disappointed.  It could be a great toy for quiet time on trips, but I won't take it with me any more...I'm too frustrated trying to get it work and then my son becomes upset too", 5.0
"ok it is a kids sleeping bag, you have got to be kidding to think anyone is going to pay that", 1.0
"Bought this item for my granddaughter. Sure she will love it...she loves all princess stuff and had a hard time finding this is stores.", 5.0
"We bought this for our 4 year old and she loves it!  The inside is very soft and the outside has her favorite Disney Princesses on it.  It's great for sleepovers indoors.  I would not recommend this as an outdoor,camping sleeping bag.", 5.0
"I bought this and another new cartridge for a long plane trip.  My almost 4 year old played this one over and over and over again.  She LOVES it.  She played it all the way across the country, most of the week while we traveled, and all the way back.  And she's still playing it.  HINT: I only allow the Leapster for travel, never in the house.  It's the one toy that she never tires of after over a year", 5.0
"And it is hard to hold his attention. But he loves this cartridge. he will watch it for 45 minutes straight. That, to me is amazing", 5.0
"My son received this video for his 4th birthday from his aunt. After watching it over and over for 2 days straight, not only did our son know the sound of every letter, but had also learned to create words. I only wish there was another video to continue after this one, however, it taught my son to start creating words on his own, and within a few short months, he was reading on a 1st grade level. He is not yet 5 and is reading 2nd grade books with little to no help. Definitely worth the price", 5.0
"My son has been in speach therapy for 1 1/2 years.  He did not start talking till he was 2 1/2.  Now a 4 year old, he is as stubborn as I am and wouldn't sing the alphabet song with me, nothing I did could encourage him to learn his letters or his numbers.  I stumbled onto this at our base exchange and he loved it.  I would let him play with the sample one when we came into the store.  I brought my husband to show him how interested he was in the system.  So we made the investment.  I am amazed.  He got this system from Santa for Christmas with the letter factory cartridge and by the beginning of February, he knew all his letters of the alphabet and what sounds they make!  He learned the proper way to make the L sound (hard for him)and when I correct him he starts singing the leapster song.  He loves this game.  I have since (March) purchased the Word factory and he is trying to READ!!  He loves the "sticky letters" concept.  I can't believe how well these games are made as to hold the attention of a very busy 4 year old! Who is no longer in speach therapy :", 4.0
"My 3 year old is starting to sound out words and spell them - all thanks to this cartridge.  I take the lessons he's learned and use them in every day life - this is amazing, I believe my son will be an early reader, and this is giving him an amazing boost", 5.0
"My 4 year old and 5 1/2 year old both LOVE this cartridge!!  My 4 yr old is already learning to read and it is partly due to this cartridge and the Letter Factory cartridge.", 4.0
"Our kids take their leapsters in the car on trips and we don't hear a peep out of them except as they are winning or figuring out words", 5.0
"This is absolutely the best leapster cartridge! It includes a video about putting words together that my 4 year old son watches over and over and sings along with. There are also many word games that are easy enough for my son but will also challenge him as he learns more! Great product", 5.0
"The whole thing is ALOT smaller than you think it's going to be.  The base is smaller than the palm of your hand.  The Butterflies don't stick to it like the picture.... the first ones stick to the base well enough, but you can't build it like you see in the picture.  My 4 yr old lost interest quickly and I'm sure the butterflies are all scattered around her room by now.  I'm disapointed in this toy... you don't get what you pay for, that's for sure!!", 2.0
"It doesn't work as it states that it should.  My 6 year old doesn't even try to get it to work right anymore. At Christmas we followed the directions closely.  It doesn't really tell you when you are warmer, and even when we stood right in front of it, it didn't say we had found it.   This was a waste of $30.00.  If your child really wants it, try to steer her elsewhere.  This is not a good toy.", 1.0
"I suggest the game Hide & Seek Safari as an alternative.  It works great and is fun for all ages.", 2.0
"this was terrible...first they had the control box wired into the box it came in, so we literally had to RIP it out of the box to get it out...", 5.0
"it will not tell you that you are warm or close unless you are about 1-2 inches from the bear...do not buy!", 5.0
"The product more or less randomly tells your child she's getting warmer, and occasionally colder.  This is a useless toy that should never have been sent to market.  Even worse, you have to reach into the bear to get to the "off" switch, which makes me wonder whether I'll have to put new batteries in every time my kids use it.  Save your money", 1.0
"Our 6-year-old daughter just got this bear for her birthday - unfortunatley, it doesn't work the way they claim.  I hid it at one end of the house, my daughter began searching in the opposite end of the house and the transmitter said "You're getting warmer... (which obviously she wasn't...)".  Half the time she just found the bear accidentally without it giving any hints at all - it just kept saying comments like "You're fun to play with" and other such statements, but nothing to help direct her to the bears location.  She just ended up wandering around the house and the comments coming from the transmitter were mostly haphazard and had nothing to do with where the bear was located.  So the "fun" lasted for barely 10 minutes.  I would love to return it, but we already threw away the box... If your child wants this toy, I would highly suggest you try to guide her toward something else", 2.0
"I bought this for my daughter's 14 month birthday. She immediately loved Cookie and Elmo (I bought the matching pair).", 4.0
"They were softer and more beautiful than I expected and they have proven more durable than I'd hoped. She feeds them every time she eats but by some miracle they still look great.", 5.0
"When they arrived, they were packed in polka dotted tissue paper and the eyes were carefully wrapped. It was fun to open such a treasure! These are definitely my daughter's favorite stuffed animals and she'll have them for years", 5.0
"When the item arrived it was much better than anticipated.  It is super soft and very cuddly.  I bought it as a gift and almost didn't want to give it up", 5.0
"My 2 year old daughter is a huge cookie monster fan and her eyes absolutely lit up when she saw this little guy.  He looks just the same as in the picture, very soft fur and just the right size for her to carry around.  Shipping was very quick too.", 5.0
"Nice, cuddlely stuff toy.  great for toddlers.  AND it doesn't talk - a plus in my book", 4.0
"My son loves Cookie Monster...and now he has one of his own to hug and cuddle", 4.0
"This is so cute.  Same idea as Mr. Potato Head but is more "current" with the times and what the kids like.  I will always love Mr. Potato Head but since my kids enjoy Spongebob so much, this was perfect!  Keep those little pieces together, though", 5.0
"Pretty boring. Body is squishy and rubbery and any lint, fuzz or dog hair sticks to it. Only a few different ways to position him with the little accessories. After a few minutes, the kids are done. Has to lie down because it won't stand up. We gave it away because my kids didn't play with it and wanted somebody else to have it. They had a friend who always took it off our shelf when he came over to play so we sent him home with it.", 5.0
"My two year old seems to dig it.  It is similar to Mr. Potatohead, thought it is made out of a squishier material that does collect dust rather quickly.  As for the reviewer that mentioned it making an obscene gesture, Spongebob is not making an obscene gesture he is pointing.  Spongebob, like a lot of other cartoon characters, lacks a pinky finger.", 4.0
"I just bought this for my birthday and i play with it a lot i like how you can change his expresions and put Gary anywhere.If you like spongebob you'll like this but beware of the small parts and keep them away from small children like my brother he almost got hold of one", 4.0
"I am glad that this was a birthday gift and not something I had to spend my own money on. SpongeBob collects alot of dirt quickly and the pieces do NOT stay in very well. As far as the obscene gesture...I can understand why some people may be turned off by it. My 2 year old who LOVES SpongeBob pays no attention to it", 4.0
"This got dirty quick and Mr. Spongebob bathed in my sink quick a bit. Very cute idea, it's cheap enough but be advised it get's gross....quick", 5.0
"I agree with the person who said it needs a cardboard backing or border. Since the puzzle is so large and it doesn't interlock, the pieces move when my son adds a state which makes him angry--he is not yet 3. I have to hold down the pieces when he adds the states and if I'm not available to help he gets frustrated. In addition, because some of the pieces are so large (oceans and texas) they tend to warp more than Doug and Melissa's other floor puzzles.", 4.0
"The puzzle's saving grace is my son has learned all states in a week", 5.0
"The puzzle needs a cardboard backing to insert the pieces.  The pieces are warped and they do not stay together.  This puzzle is very difficult to put together with out a backing", 5.0
"My husband and I bought this puzzle for my 2.5 year old for Christmas. After a few times of helping her put the puzzle together she now can do it by herself. I agree with other reviews about having them cut on state lines, it's a great learning tool! My daughter ( who is not even three yet) knows all the states and it working on learning the capitals. We point out where all our family lives and what states we have to go through to visit them. She can put it together and take it apart time after time, and after many times of doing this it still is in great shape. I would recommend this toy to anyone who wants a fun way to teach their little ones about the U.S.", 5.0
"I bought this puzzle for my 4 year old twin girls. They absolutely LOVE it. The pieces are cut along state lines, which makes this puzzle a great learning tool for geography. They currently know at least a dozen state names and where they are located within the continental US. After half a dozen times putting this puzzle together using the box as a guide, my daughters were able to put it together from memory. We have great conversations about each of the states and learn a little about each one. For example, the Washington state piece has a picture of an apple on it, so my kids now know that Washington is known for its apples. They also understand when I travel where I am going and how far I am going relative to where we live. I highly recommend this puzzle", 5.0
"I have to disagree with the review that says that this puzzle is not good for little kids.  I have a daughter who just turned 4 a couple of  weeks ago and is also autistic.  She loves this puzzle and has learned how to use the box cover to properly place the states.  I am glad that they are in the individual shapes of the states.  It's not a jigsaw puzzle.  It teaches kids where the states are located and is terrific for little ones and older ones.    Even I have a good time with this.", 4.0
"I bought this puzzle for my son a few months ago and left it in the closet for a while, I thought that at 4 1/2 he might be a bit young for it.  I brought it out a few weeks ago and was thrilled!  My son absolutely loves it and begs to play with it!  He does not have any problem with the fact that it is not a jigsaw puzzle.  In fact, this puzzle for the most part divides pieces on state lines and is a great tool for learning geography.  My son likes to find Florida where his grandma lives.  We often discuss people we know who live in other states as well.  We love this puzzle and recommend for the over 4 crowd, although my 2 year old daughter can't wait to get her hands on it too", 5.0
"I'm going to get this for my nieces.  I think the comment about the puzzle not fitting together was not the proper comment.  Jigsaw puzzles are those in which you are speaking of, because they have the irregular shapes that fit nicely together in most cases.  Puzzles are not all jigsaw.  Just a little reminder", 5.0
"I bought this puzzle for my father who has Alzheimer's Disease.  He's now living in a care facility where the caregivers work to keep the residents alert and engaged in activities.  Some of the residents don't track well enough to do even this level of puzzle but Dad and several others enjoy it greatly.  Today 4 residents (including Dad) and I worked the puzzle and they were thrilled to be successful in placing the states where they belonged.  While doing the puzzle each participant would add bits of their personal history when a state name was familiar to them.  Once the puzzle was complete each participant stated (and located) the state in which they were born...the state where they attended university...and other states they'd lived in or visited.  To get this level of interaction required my assistance but they all had a great time!  A plus is that the next time we do the puzzle most of them will have forgotten they've already done this and so will experience the success of using it all over again.  (Family members of AD victims look for the small victories.)", 1.0
"I'm going to take them the solar system one next", 1.0
"I ordered one for my first grandson and he just loved it so i got one for another grandson and he was very happy to play with it.", 1.0
"I'm sad to see this toy getting such poor reviews.  Yes, it does say "get out of the way" and "slow down little fella", but my DAUGHTER still loves it.  The volume control on the bottom is loud and louder, and that's definitely a negative for me - of course it doesn't bother my toddler.  But all in all, this toy has been great.  It's been well-loved and still works like new.  My toddler loves to drive, and this toy has kept her interest for over a year.  Just because it's not specifically designed for education doesn't mean there's nothing to be gained.  We make it educational by naming the animals, shapes, numbers, letters and colors on the toy.  We also sing the songs on the "radio" - my child has gotten so good at it, that she can hit the button in rapid succession to get to the song she wants.  Fun toy", 5.0
"My 1 year old was given this for his birthday.  Some of the phrases are rude.  The songs are sung off key.  The rollers don't always play the special song when there are 3 of a kind lined up.  The car sounds are enough to make me batty.  I don't see where it is teaching the child anything since it might say any one of three things for each picture.  Is it the number?  Is it the shape?  Maybe this time it's going to be the animal.  The low volume setting is still too loud.  The only reason I've given it 2 stars instead of 1 is because my son likes this toy despite the fact that the loses interest after a few minutes..", 5.0
"This toy is really rude! It says "Outta the way" and other very rude phrases. I can't believe anyone would produce a toy like this and think it was okay. This toy got a home at the bottom of a garbage can", 5.0
"Terrible. If I'd have heard what it said in the annoying tone it always speaks in, I never would have bought it. It is high quality, it won't break. I've tried. Nothing like teaching your kid to honk the horn and have an obnoxious voice yell "get out of the way!".  And that "slow down little fella...." Why did the makers assume that only boys would play with this toy? Don't waste your money.", 5.0
"At first glance it seemed to be the perfect gift for a baby with a thing for all things wheels and musical.  AND normally I really trust the Vtech name - so I didn't look at the item too closely prior to buying it.  But it didn't take long for me to realize what a mistake I made.  Yes, he likes it very much and uses it well, and it performs well etc.  However, I will agree that there is NOTHING nice about how the voices speak or what they say - and I would never think that I would have such a 'prudish' view on a baby toy!  But it is rude, it is obnoxious and I don't like the message - if you can say that there is one - I mean - they could have had much more endearing snippets.  There is little education in it really - and the songs are short the lyrics to the ABC song is half cut out?!?!?  I could do without having education in a toy - but that coupled with the bad attitude - I have one thing to say "Outta' my house"", 5.0
"The older version of this toy is MUCH better with friendlier voices and helpful 'neighbors'.  Vtech should go back to the old version", 5.0
"I wish I had seen these reviews before buying this obnoxious toy for my 10 month old for Christmas.  I agree with what other reviewers are saying; this toy barks rude orders like "Outta the way!" and demands that you "Fill 'er up!!" in an extremely snotty voice.  It does sing a couple of traditional tunes, such as the alphabet song, but even the singing voice has attitude.", 5.0
"So unless you want your little guy or gal to learn poor driving manners, steer clear of this toy (no pun intended)!", 4.0
"I guess some of these other reviewers got this toy for an 18 or 19 month old child... Well my mother bought this for my 8 month old daughter and she has loved it from day one! Out of all the christmas presents she received a few weeks after getting this toy she ONLY plays with THIS toy. We take it in the car, we take it when we're visiting and of course we play with it at home. She absolutely loves it! I guess I can see where the "rudeness" comments come in but for a child this young it still doesn't really matter so maybe you should buy this toy if it is for a younger baby rather than an 18 month old.", 1.0
"I brought this for my eight year old for Christmas,she began to play with it around Feb.she was having great fun with it until it began to freeze up.I took it back to the store in which I had to wait 1month till one came back in stock,took that one home did great for two weeks,same thing happened again.save your moneybuy something that will actually work for that kind of money", 5.0
"Now that's what I'm talking about!  This X-Wing, the second of (so far) three that Lego has produced in minifigure scale, is by far the superior one.  It represents that moment mid-Episode V when Luke's on the swamp planet learning to be a Jedi from that master of all Jedi, Yoda.  You get a Yoda figure, which is somewhat rare, an exclusive Dagobah Luke, and an R2.  Sweet!", 5.0
"The Luke figure is pretty neat, as you can choose to top him off with his flight helmet or hair.  There's a lightsaber included, which I can only assume is Yoda's, because it's green.  (Luke's saber was blue at this point in the saga.)  For some reason you don't get a blue Luke saber, and I have no idea why, but the green one has a near little storage compartment underneath Yoda's bed!  And that bed is contained within a neato Yoda's Hut, which was not included in the latest X-Wing set, thus making this one far superior.  You even get a backback for Luke to carry Yoda around on while he's training, just like in the film.", 5.0
"Yoda's hut is composed of quite a few tan, brown, and green pieces.  It is completely hinged, so you can open it up, roof and all, to get inside.  Building it was a bit of a chore, as it kept falling apart until it was made more stable in later steps.  However, I think a patient child will be able to handle it.  Inside the house, there's a bed, a stove, and some other trinkets.  Totally cool.  It really increases the parts count for this set.", 5.0
"The X-Wing fighter itself is one of the finest that Lego have made.  I guess that's why it is completely unchanged in the recent reissue.  If it ain't broke...", 5.0
"The mechanism used to raise and lower the wings is controlled by a dial on the back of the ship.  It's effective and doesn't slip around.  The wings will nicely hold in an "open" or "closed" position quite easily, and two of the newer white elastic bands keep tension on it.", 5.0
"The rest of the ship is nicely detailed, with lots of red markings, some headlights, guns, and even a few green vines to simulate that moment when Luke crashes it in the swamp!  How cool is that?  There's a storage compartment for Luke's helmet underneath, a control stick in the cockpit, and a slot for R2.  I found this one to be a fun build.  A lot of the design was repeated in the later ARC-170 starfighter model, so if you haven't built one of those yet, this one will be a total treat.", 5.0
"Lock S-foils in attack position, and have fun", 5.0
" This is a great toy. It comes with R2-D2, Luke and Yoda. It comes with Yodas house. Lukes x-wing fighter is awsome.", 5.0
" Gosh,I dont no what to say. This is a great toy. I think it is the most fun to play with. I like how yoda lookes in lego form. R2-D2 and Luke is a great cobanation. This is the best toy ever except the Republic Gunship. By", 5.0
"This is my fourth Lego Star Wars set, and I must say, I enjoyed it very much.  Not only was it fascinating to piece together, but I even had fun playing with it after it was assembled.", 4.0
"I started with the X-wing.  An intricate set of gears and rubberbands work the mechanism that slowly opens and closes the wing formation.  It was so interesting to watch a pile of plastic come together into a working, simple machine.  I did find it a bit repetative to assemble all four parts of the wings, however.  The details on the ship include a variety of appropriate colors and textures.  I was pleased with the final look.  However, anyone wishing to do any excessive play with this toy should expect some of the less secure pieces to pop off occasionally.", 5.0
"I then moved on to Yoda's hut.  This was my favorite toy of the set.  It opens and closes, and in either formation looks like an appropriate home for Yoda.  It includes a little fire with a pot, a mug and pitcher, a barrel, and even a small bed.  My favorite thing about the hut is that the bed top swings away to reveal Yoda's hidden light saber.  Even Yoda himself has a highly detailed head and an appropriate shortened body. As I pieced together the hut, I had issues with pieces falling off, but the completely finished model was perfectly stable.", 5.0
"This set is very enjoyable to put together.  It has a variety of moving parts for play.  The details in the pieces make it seem right out of the Star Wars universe.  It is a perfect Lego set for either display or playtime.", 5.0
"I don't actuelly have this set,but I want to point out some of the options and possiblities that this set has.", 4.0
"1.You could take of the leaves (there are only 3 of them)and have a realy good if not exellent  replica of a clean X-wing.", 4.0
"2.with the leaves of and TIE fighters,bombers or Darth Vaders TIE fighter you could recreate scenes from the battels in both Star Wars 4 and 6.", 2.0
"I also want to say how much an improvment this set is over the original.", 5.0
"First: the color it's much better.", 5.0
"Secound: the "nose" is swept in.That was really missing from the original.", 4.0
"Third:It's more proportional than the original", 1.0
"I got this lego set for my birthday.  It only took me a short time to put it together, but I enjoyed doing it.  It really looks good", 1.0
"This was my favorite game growing up in the 70's - It was then called"Run yourself ragged." The game is the same and I enjoy it just as much as I was when I was a child. ( My 4 year old also loves the challenge", 1.0
"I bought this game for my 10 year old daughter.  I knew she would love it because I actually had it as a child.  My theory was right she loves it.  She always has it out, It is a good game for her to play alone and it teaches her how to be patient and take her time", 1.0
"bought as a gift for son -- its as I remember it when I was littl", 5.0
"This game sure brings back memories. Not mine, though. They bring back my friend Manny's memories. My memories are of fights and loud music, of smoke and blood and feral electricity. All of that and more is captured here in this simple game. Wait, no it isn't", 5.0
"not as cool as my son (10)thought it would be but he still liked i", 5.0
"Toy was a gift for a 10 year old. It got more use from the adults. It is rare to see a toy that works as well at home as it does on the commercials. This thing is fun! We even let a ball float and use a nerf", 4.0
"gun to hit it out of mid-air", 4.0
"I bought this for my son for Christmas, he had seen it on TV and wanted it.  Couldn't find it anywhere so I purchased it from the manufacturer.  This thing is a piece of junk.  The little "balls", or whatever they are suppose to be do not get as high up in the air as they show on TV and the package.  My son doesn't play with it.  I was totally disappointed with it.  I truely recommend not buying this toy, you will be throwing your money away", 5.0
"I is a nice item, but it is just NOT LONG enough, not is it deep enough for the baby doll chou chou.  It needed to have been at least 3-4 inches deeper so the doll won't fall out and about 2 inches wider.  THE MAIN PROBLEM IS THAT THE STRAP IS NOT LONG ENOUGH to go around the body as pictured.  It is great for a girl about 3-4 yrs old. The colors are vivid and vibrant.  the side bottle pocket is extremently small, the bottle won't even fit and stay.", 4.0
"please fix this problem", 5.0
"GOT IT FOR MY GRAND DAUGHTER, SHE'S 6, SLING WOULD NOT HANG ON HER W/O TRYING TO DIG INTO HER THROAT, VERY UNCOMFORTABLE, DOLL DID INTERACT WITH IT, IN RETROSPECT WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN.", 4.0
"I dont think that this should cost 14.99 and the doll cannot fit it properly plus u might want to buy all the pieces for your child i thing they should be a little less expensive cause its so much pieces the doll have and all kids would love the", 5.0
"My daughter is learning to do puzzles.  This 3-d farm animal toy teaches her to match and insert pieces and receive the reward of the song or animal noise.  She loves this item and uses it daily!  Great buy", 5.0
"I got this for my daughter's first birthday and she loved it. She was entertained by the music and removing the pieces. Her older cousins also enjoyed the puzzle. She is still too young to fully interact and follow the instructions, but I hope she is learning", 4.0
"The songs are a bit tinny and can be annoying (that's why I'm giving it 4 stars) but my 14 month-old really likes this toy. We bought it as he loves the Old MacDonald song and he enjoys playing with the toy, we are hoping that he will pick on the shape-sorting bit soon. Also, there is a surprising variety of songs/activities built into this toy and its great value", 2.0
"11 month old likes this toy . It is something to do together. Only thing is adult has to keep up with pieces. Animals remove to reveal baby animal", 1.0
"This stuff is amazing.", 4.0
"It's as advertised and what a price!  You get 10 times as much of this stuff as you do ONE tub of floam for about the same price.  I will NEVER buy floam again!  I would buy more of this stuff and give it as gifts!", 5.0
"Even older kids grab this stuff and start sculpting away.", 1.0
"It claims to never dry out.  We've had it for about 2-3 weeks now and it isn't any different than the day it came from Amazon. Shipping was only a few days, even at standard price.  We have really enjoyed this product.", 5.0
"Drawbacks?  You can't quite make a 'detailed' sculpture' with it.. The texture is kind of like rice crispie treats.. the colors will eventually end up mixed, no matter how hard you try.  Although if you wanted to give your teenager a challenge, have them separate the colours, it can be done.. !!", 5.0
"I would highly recommend this product.  Even kids with sensory issues may be able to handle this.  You can't beat the price, buy a few sets and give it as gifts.  It will be a favourite.  It doesn't stick to anything but itself! No stains, no mess! No real clean up!", 5.0
"Two thumbs up", 5.0
"This is a great product as long as your child will not put it in their mouth. It is a choking hazard. That said, it does not stick to anything even the carpet. If your kids can keep the colors separate it will work even better. But like playdough once the colors combined you have a multicolored ball that you cannot separate. Unlike play dough though it never hardens. I have a clump of foam just sitting on my coffee table waiting for my son to finish what he started when he comes home from school. I find that if you make little skinny peices, like a snake, you can bend them into letters and numbers. Which turned out to be good practice. My 4 yr old made his name. My five year old makes space ships and flies them around. We also play guess that shape with it.", 4.0
"And like another reviewer said, this product is great for long car rides and for when they are waiting in a restaurant for their food. This year all the kids in the family will be getting this product for Easter", 5.0
"This stuff is great! My kids (2 & 5) had so much fun playing with the different colors. It didn't stick to or stain my furniture or carpet. It also doesn't dry out. Very easy clean up. Unfortunately my kids mixed all of the colors the first day and now we just have a giant multicolored ball of the stuff. They still like to play with it", 5.0
"I bought this for my grandchildren (2 of them) as one of their Christmas presents.  They got so many many gifts dolls, guitar, video games, you name it I think it was under the tree and PlayFloam was the first thing they wanted to play with.  They played with that stuff so much and had such a good time I was amazed.  They youngest one who is 5 says it is better than playdough.  The oldest guy is 10 and he thinks it rocks! So yes I would recommend PlayFoam to you a Fun Fun Fun for the kids", 4.0
"I bought this for my niece and she absolutely loves it!  She can play with it over and over, since it doesn't stick to surfaces.  And if the colors all get mixed together it's like a big ball of candy sprinkles.  Looks very pretty, instead of looking like some ugly mess that you get with play dough or other playing compounds.  She wanted Floam, but that is a gooey sticky mess so her mom said no.  I found this and it was even better!  It kind of reminds me of rice crispy treats, how the marshmallows kind of string away as you break them into pieces, only not so sticky.  If you are considering this for your child, they will love it!  Not recommended for little ones, my daughter is 2 and she just wants to eat it", 4.0
"I love this stuff! It's really fun to just hold in your hands while you watch TV or ride in a car. My children (7 and 4yrs. old) also enjoy it. It's a bunch of tiny styrofoam balls that stick to each other and feel sticky but your hands are perfectly clean and comfortable once you put the foam down. Not appropriate for toddlers who put everything in their mouth", 5.0
"I bought this for my son since I am not a big fan of Playdough (it sticks to everything). Granted the playfoam doesn't stick to other surfaces like playdough, it isn't as pliable either. It doesn't sculpt as easily as they say it does. I will not purchase again", 1.0
"I purchased this as a Christmas gift for a family member who spends a lot of time with an autistic child, he likes the feel of different textures and is enjoying immensely the difference the FLOAM makes, when compared to the simpler texture of regular play clay. He and his grandmother are getting tons of enjoyment out of the floam", 5.0
"This was fun for the kids, although they tired of it quickly.  No bad scent, sticks pretty good - stays together enough to hold a shape, although I wish it were a bit stickier.   Not messy", 4.0
"Play foam is much better than floam.  There's no mess, easy clean up.  The only problem is that the packaging says that you can combine the different colors...if you do, it's pretty much like play-doh...you can't separate them.  Overall, great product", 5.0
"Go aheead and buy one or two extra packs of game cards for Rush Hour.  You child (or you) will want them quickly", 4.0
"brought the shock duel to thanksgiving with my family.  we all had a great time with it.  even my grammom got into the action!  was a good time!", 5.0
"mar", 4.0
"This was given to my daughter in the third grade, and at first she was intimidated by the questions. It starts out challenging you to easy questions, but as they get harder, I can see her try harder too. It gives you several answers to choose from, and praises you when you pick the right one. It gets harder and harder, but kids seem to love it. It's great for long car rides, and isn't very loud and annoying. Has a shut off switch to save battery life. Very fun toy, and extremely educational! I even bought the one that teaches addition for my first grader", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my son to learn his multiplication and when i received it , it did not work.So i replaced the batteries, but once i popped them in, it begain malfunctioning and i couldnt shut it off unless i popped the batteries out. I returned it for an exchange and when i received the second one..it was the same thing with that one. Both times i received DUDs...toy sounds great, if it worked properly and didnt malfunction", 5.0
"This toy helped my third grader be one of the top in his class with the multiplication facts. I would have him bring it in the car all the time ...he had a ball. He especially enjoys the race against the clock", 5.0
"I bought this for my son who was having a lot of trouble remembering his multiplication facts. He is typically a good student. When he was in fifth grade he was getting poor marks in math due to not knowing his facts. We tried flash cards, games, nothing helped. When he first got this he would want to play with it on his own, which was great. After he got bored with it I would encourage him use it, which he did. After just a few months he learned his facts by heart! What a painless and fun way to learn something so dull, yet vital. I think this is a great learning toy", 5.0
"My 8 year old found it rather boring, even after I showed her the faster games.  She only used it three times, and it sits in the closet.  She loves all the other LeapFrog, but found this drab.  I would get one of the others with more than just multiplication", 4.0
"gave the game as a family do-together game to go with an I Spy quilt I made for 4 yr old in the family. have heard family enjoys the game", 5.0
"My grandchildren loved this game from the first time we", 5.0
"brought it out of the "game closet".  Ages 6 and 9 and", 1.0
"Grandpa and Grandma had a wonderful time !", 2.0
"It's a little difficult at first, as all really good games are,", 5.0
"but well worth the time spent.  The children were very quick", 5.0
"to find the various "things".  It is a good mental focus style", 5.0
"of game and one that makes a child look and really "see".", 4.0
"We recommended this to another family whose children couldn't", 5.0
"seem to settle down and focus.  They enjoyed the game as well.", 4.0
"Definitely worth the [...]!!", 4.0
"Hi! My name is Martine Redman and I'm the inventor of the I Spy Memory  Game by Briarpatch. I've given this game to a lot of kids, and it's great  to hear parents report back to me that the kids play it over and over.   We've won a number of awards for it, including Parents Choice Gold Seal,   the Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Platinum Seal, Teacher's Choice, and many more.   Best of all is the fun I have playing I Spy Memory Game with kids, who give   the game the ultimate compliment, &quot;Let's play it again!&quot; Other   award-winning Briarpatch games include the Goodnight Moon Game for ages 2   1/2 to 6, and the Maisy Game for ages 3-6.  EN", 4.0
" This horse is named Paciica. She has a dark peachish color skin with a brown muzzle and brown stockings.She comes with 20 red beads,10 shell beads, and 10 rubber stoppers that keep the beads from falling out. Her saddle bag is a pinkish reddish color. It makes a great space to store the beads and holds a rolled up beach towel that is green with orange flowers. The saddle blanket is a light, washed-out yellow with different orange flowers than the saddle bag's beach towel. The saddle is red-brown with some silver and dark brown parts and a white seat. Her stable has a see through beach scene in the back, and drawn hay on the stable's floor. The stable is small enough top fit under most beds.If you get this horse you should be satisfied, and you will get your money's worth. I recommend the cali girl horseback riding Barbie to go with this because she has items for the horse, and because she fits perfectly ontop of Pacifica. Thank you for reading my review", 5.0
"If you love horses this is the toy for you. This horse toy is the best toy horse you could every buy! They can bend there legs and they even have Saddle Bags.", 2.0
"this toy is so cool i think horse lovers will mostly love this toy or just barbie fans too this toy is a good toy for anyon", 2.0
"My daughter wanted Easy-bake oven and this is a great alternative.  They learn to make the cupcakes and frosting from scratch, no pre-mixed stuff here.  The recipes makes 18-24 minicupcakes, a nice small snack!", 5.0
"They are", 5.0
"-Super Stuffed Cupcakes", 4.0
"-Peanut Butter Cup-cakes", 5.0
"-Colorful cupcake Boguet", 4.0
"-Cream-Filled Cupcake", 5.0
"It's great for them to learn fractions(cups) and to measure tea/tablespoons. In addition, we had lots of fun decorating them with the frosting", 4.0
"Even though I have tinted windows, that late afternoon and early morning sun was beaming straight into my sons eyes.  These are perfect.  I followed the directions, kept the other reviewers comments in mind and even though there are a few bubbles, I really don't care.", 5.0
"The only tiny complaint I have is that NO WHERE on AMAZON in the product description does it say you are not supposed to roll your windows down; as it states in the product instructions.  However, since they are pretty inexpensive if they come off I can buy new ones or just get limo tint on my SUV", 4.0
"I was so excited to try out this product.  My son would always pull the roll up shades off the windows while I was driving, and they just didn't block out enough sun.  These shades are pretty dark.  So be extra careful when driving at night to look behind you.  Before installing them on your windows make sure your car is cool inside and clean the windows really good with window cleaner.  Have some patience.  If your windows have any curve to them you'll have some bubbles to work out.  But once they are on they stay put.  I've had my shades for a few months now in my car and they have not peeled off yet.  And my son doesn't pay any attention to them", 5.0
"It's too bad that the previous reviewer had such a negative experience. These work great for us! Maybe the clean windows on our new mini-van was a factor in successful installation?", 5.0
"Pros:", 5.0
"1) Setup was super quick. I was even able to peel and reapply in order to reposition/straighten the shade.  The shades have never fallen off or started peeling at the edges, though we've only had them up maybe 4+ months.", 5.0
"2) Fabulous at keeping out sunlight, better than the roller shades that suction to the windows because it actually shades or dims the light rather than diffusing the brightness through tiny holes like the suction kind.", 4.0
"3) Since they're static clings, we can put up 2 shades side-by-side in our mini-van and not have any gaps like we had when we had 2 suction roller shades next to each other.", 5.0
"4) We can actually roll down the window with these on, without wrinkling the shade (or worrying about suction cups popping off.  Btw, one of our suction shades won't even stick to the window anymore).  But we don't really roll down those windows, anyway, so I can't speak to its durability after frequent opening/closing.", 4.0
"Cons:", 4.0
"1) Can only think of one; as it is quite effective in keeping out light, it can be a bit dark to see out of, particularly at night, (or on gray, rainy days) and with a mini-van, I need to be extra careful about checking my blindspot.  (Thus, 4 stars).", 5.0
"** EDIT/UPDATE **", 5.0
"After such a great experience with the first set, we purchased another set back in January.  However, they didn't seem to have as much "cling", and didn't last 12 hours before they fell right off.", 5.0
"As suspected, it turns out that the cold Chicago weather was the culprit! After waiting for the weather to warm up, I'm happy to report success!  My husband cleaned the windows (just as a precaution), and was able to re-install the shades despite the fact that they were practically crumpled on the floor of our mini-van for a number of weeks before we rolled them up again to store for the remainder of the winter.", 4.0
"LESSON: Don't install these in the dead of Chicago winter!  Btw, we've never had any problems with the first set, even throughout the winter (they were installed in Aug/Sept).  This second set is looking pretty good so far (it's been about a month).  If anything changes, I'll update", 5.0
"I am not happy with this item.  I managed to get the first shade to stick on one of my car windows with some difficulty but by the next morning it had fallen off and I could not get it to restick on the window.  I had even less luck with the other shade.  No matter what I did it would not stick to the window.  It was a total waste of money and I would recommend everyone buy something else or not bother.  I think I would have had better luck with plastic wrap on my window", 5.0
"It took my son (age 10) most of the day to assemble the fort, but boy was it worth it!!  He loves it and wants to get the other sets in the series", 5.0
"i enjoy this set because i feel that it is much different than anything lego has ever put into being. i like how they fused the technic peices, and the regular legos. i do wish that they put more detail on the inside", 5.0
"This set is composed of five main sub assemblies and the dragon, and should take 4 hours (or more) to complete. It comes with six mini-figures and has a number of operational catapults, an inner keep, and a main gate.", 4.0
"LEGO's integration of Technic parts has never been better than in the last few years, and like all of their recent sets, the number one feeling one gets is one of extreme cleverness. (At one point building this set I said aloud "this is exactly what the Vikings would have done if they had had Technic parts back then.")", 4.0
"As concerns the rest of this series, the ship is similarly awe inspiring and the boat, catapult, and wolf sets make excellent additions to the battlefield.", 1.0
"The only thing one could wish for is an enemy series to pit the Vikings against.  Though all of the mythical creatures are well designed and look impressive, it would be nice to array the Viking sets (boats especially) against a competing force, and none of the current sets are a good match", 5.0
"DRAGON ATTACK!!!!!!!!! Run away and buy this set! Legos are a waiting for ye. But all the English kids are the lucky ones...", 4.0
"My 10 yr old daughter and her friends have a blast with this game.  Tho, sometimes, there should be a reward for knowing the answer without using the choices.  Sometimes they get it by a lucky guess.", 5.0
"This is a great version of the game. We got this for our 11 year old son and it is fun to play. It is easier than the regular edition (no surprise). The really nice thing is that it has multiple choice -- each question has three options to choose between. The instructions are simple and the questions are good, with a wide range of interests. Definitely recommended for children and families", 5.0
"This is a very fun game.  No offense to anyone, but the person that said that these questions are for five-year-olds is definetely wrong, unless that person is a genious.  Most of the questions are NOT very easy.  OK, some are kind of simple, but most are pretty hard.  There are all kinds of different questions, that some people who are watch football and baseball all day would probably know.  I highly reccomend this game.  It's a fun way to get smart", 4.0
"This game is really nice for families. We play on teams, and even my little four year old can help out. When I answer, I don't get the multiple choices, to make it fair. It's a blast!", 5.0
"I love playing Trivial Pursuit Junior. The questions are made for kids, so just from going to school for 7 years I can figure out many of the answers. I don't reccommend getting this for kids of different ages to play together, though, because the older person almost always wins. Like other people said, once you play the game about 10 times you end up memorizing most of the answers, and it would be much appreciated if Trivial Pursit made a booster pack of cards. The only other bad thing about the game is that the cardboard wedges get bent from handling them", 5.0
"it is very nice quality. much better than the broom we ordered which started loosing it's bristles immediatly upon reciept. and the wands that look like cheap panted plastic junk", 5.0
"The display only stayed bright enough to read clearly for about 3 weeks.  I had to turn the sound off so the writing would "appear".  Otherwise, it's wonderful!  The second set of batteries are already going out now.  I recommend playing without sound so that they last longer", 5.0
"Purchased both the hand held and table version of this game. Both were intended to be party "grab bag gifts" but turned out to be the hit of the party. They were so much fun that I am buying 3 more of the table version, one to keep, two as additional gifts for friends that are addicted to the TV game show. You'll love this game even if you are not a fan of the TV game show.", 5.0
"The game was a Christmas gift.  It was shipped right on schedule and arrived in A1 condition.  You couldn't ask for better service", 5.0
"Although a more expensive table top electronic version is available, the game lends itself to solitary play. This handheld is just the ticket and at a reasonable price.", 5.0
"I purchased this as a gift for my husband.  He took it to a family function and it was passed around and played by several people.  Two thumbs up!!!  My husband's only question is:  "Where are the models?"  :-", 5.0
"Got this for my 11 & 13 yr old daughters that like the show. We also got the DVD version of the game. The handheld version is actually more fun then the DVD game because selecting the cases is painfully slow in the DVD game.", 4.0
"The display is a little hard to see if it's not bright in the room, but it's simple fun. The game shuts itself off if you put it down and don't turn it off. The only delay is when it calculates the bankers offer after each round, but otherwise it moves along at a good pace.", 4.0
"A good game for some mindless fun you can take anywhere with you", 1.0
"The only thing that my daughter really liked was the microphone.  The rest of it just sits there.  It doesn't really do anything and I would not recommend this to anyone else.  If I had to do it again, I would have just bought her a sing-a-long microphone.", 5.0
"This recording studio is  perfect for the Bratz Rock Angeklz collection. It is awsome. I totally want it.", 5.0
"P.S. Bratz rule, and My Scene drule", 5.0
"This traditional, wood-only (no plastic roofs) set of Lincoln Logs will bring back fond memories to parents and grandparents as they play with their child or grandchild.  It is a nice quality set with plenty of logs to build with.  It spurs imagination, creativity, and logical thinking in kids as they figure out how to build structures.  Our daughter has had her Lincoln Logs for 3 years (she's 7.5 now) and she still enjoys using them to create the buildings for whatever game she's playing with her little people and animals", 4.0
"My children, ages 3, 4, and 10, loved playing with these puzzles at our pediatrician's office so much, it was difficult to get them to leave.  When we found this set on Amazon.com, we purchased them immediately.", 5.0
"Each puzzle comes with a plastic tray, a full-size black and white photo with the outlines of each shape, and a one-piece foam frame for the outside edges.  Smaller children can put the puzzle together right over top of the black and white photo, making the puzzles simple enough for toddlers to assemble on their own.  Older children can put the puzzles together without using the photo as a backdrop, making the puzzles a little more challenging as they grow.", 5.0
"Hi there yugioh fans!!.... Well...To tell the truth yugioh is always fun and full of surprises. I never really got really really rare cards that i wanted in the boosters but i still get them because u never now a miracle may happen. I'd have to say magicians force is my favourite booster. My favourite dragon is the luster dragon #1. I reckon that card is a very hard and rare card to get. Anyways i got no time left, by", 4.0
"this booster is the best ever he is my favorite booster pack and it includes almost all of the powerful card in the yu-gi-oh game like Dark paladin dark magician it also comes with the paladin of white dragon or is your deck a spellcaster or a buster blader deck this pack brings a lot of good card to improve both buster blader and dark magician deck dont waste time buy this pack or wait until ancient sanctuary comes ou", 4.0
"Cool! I bought 5 Magician's Force packs last week and I got some really good ones! I got 3 Ultra Rares, 1 Super Rare and 1 Crappy Rare. These are the Ultra Rares: Luster Dragon (MFC-058), Chaos Command Magician, and XYZ-Dragon Cannon. The Super Rare I got is Z-Metal Tank, and the Crappy Rare in Ante. You Gotta get this set", 5.0
"i liked this toy because it is very fun to play.  I like collectables so this fit perfectyl", 1.0
"i love it my brother got it last year and we played it alot", 4.0
"This bear changed my daughter's attitude towards bedtime. She no longer protests lights out now that she has Glo-e to keep her company.", 5.0
"The wand is a neat addition which can be used to turn it on from a distance but is sturdy and safe enough to allow your child to play with.", 5.0
"The bear is very soft and cuddly. The battery pack is hard but unless your child uses it as a weapon it's not an issue. The battery is buried deep enough not to impact play.", 5.0
"The bear is very bright. The colors are brilliant and lovely to watch. The batteries last a good long time. The wand emits a soft blue glow very briefly as it activates the bear. It never seems to need new batteries.", 5.0
"The various light shows go on for about 15 minutes which is about how long it takes my little girl to go to sleep. She sees it as a special bedtime toy and never uses it elsewhere. The fur is a bright white and easy to keep clean, it doesn't attract dirt at all.", 1.0
"I recommend this toy highly. It is worth it for us and I'm buying my niece one as well", 1.0
"Adorable item.  My son loves this.  It is our special teddy bear we use only at night.  In the morning he tells me to "put it away" until nap time or bed time.  Very soft.  After my son stayed at my sister's house, her son wants one now too!  After I bought this, I realized that you can purchase the wand for it to turn on the light show from another location.  I wish I would have known that before.  Yes, as the others have said, the battery pack is a bit hard.  It is adorable.  I just bought this a month or so ago, and the price has almost doubled.  I don't know if I would have purchased it for this price - can it be that much better", 5.0
"I got the bear and the wand for my son.  The bear has a button in it's hand, and each time you press it, you get a different light show.  The colors fade in and out and change.  The bear will turn off after 15 mintues, so it's great for a kid to take to bed at night.  I wish the bear had more uniform lighting, and that you could stop the light show so it would just glow one solid color.  The way the lights are positioned inside the bear, when it's on, his cheeks, hands, feet and tummy glow.  I think it's a bit over priced for what it does", 1.0
"Awww...he's so darn cute. How can you not love him?", 4.0
"My kids love the glowing bear especially before bed. The bear will glow on it's own for 15 minutes & then turn itself off, so it's great for a smaller child who likes the light before sleeping. Not too bright to irritate eyes. Just glows perfectly.", 1.0
"I don't know why the stars say I only gave it a 2! Glitch on the site or something, but I truly think the product is a 4 :", 2.0
"Our 3 year old loves this bear. She carries it around and it reassures her at night. It's so bright that she can carry it when the power goes out and gives off a reassuring sphere of light around her. I didn't give it a 5 stars because it's battery pack in the back is kind of hard. It would have gotten 5 stars if they had done a better job cushioning this apparatus", 4.0
"My 3 year old daughter loves this bear.  The bear is so soft and the light show can be controlled by the child, even a small child.  It is greatto play with before going to sleep", 5.0
"This was the best gift that I could have ever gotten my kids! It was an instant hit! My two young children were afriad of the dark and feared going to bed on their own. This little bear has made going to bed and falling alseep without mommy and daddy possible! We all love it! It has a great light show AND it is soft and cuddly", 5.0
"My son loves his Glo E Bear.  He is 3 and had just started having some trouble getting to sleep, strangly enough not due to being afraid of the dark.  But still this bear did the trick.  The 5 different lights fading slowly into one another just seemed to relax him into sleep. I'll be getting my niece who is afraid of the dark this great little friend.", 5.0
"I purchased all 3 GLO E plushies and the puppy is my favorite. The bear's pretty cool too. This was a gift. Overall, the stuffed animal is really soft, but the area where they put the battery unit (for the glow light) and the Velcro area for the opening was a bit hard.", 4.0
"I wasn't too fond of the glow lights as they don't really appear to me. The sad puppy face is why I wanted it", 5.0
"This  bear is awesome for 2-3 yr olds who are a bit afraid of the dark. I tell my daughter when Glo-E bear goes off, that means he is asleep & it is time for her to go to sleep. He lights up for 15 min's each time you touch his paw...& she gets sleepy waiting for him to go off.", 4.0
"Also she knows she  can light him up if she wakes in the night. He is very soft & furry. Only complaint is you can feel the mechanism inside that does  the lighting up...wish they could of made that smaller but he's still pretty cuddly", 5.0
"We bought this for our 7 months old and she did not like it at all. There was really nothing to amuse her. We had placed some toy's in it, but that still did nothing for her.If you are looking for somewhere to place your child and listen to them scream of boredom ... then here are your two stars. As far as bouncing, this was not a good idea. There was really no support to the walls of this item. Bouncing for a 18-20 pounder was not a good idea. The bouncer never sat straight, it always had a tilt to it. Maybe from the packaging. Also,the toy's hung wrong overhead as well. We are now 4 months later (of not that much use) throwing it out!!! Somewhere, it has sprung a leak and we cannot seem to find it either. So, overall ... this was not one of our better choices", 5.0
"For once a fun item for babies that they won't outgrow soon. This little My first Gym is a great alternitive to a playpin. Easy to set up, fun for babies and peace of mind for parents. My customers love it, and my granddaughter has a blast in it. I would strongly recomend this item to parents of little ones under 18 months", 5.0
"I want this for my nicece and nphew and I could play on i", 5.0
"This is the worst children's game I've ever seen -- bar none.  I am a few months away from completing a PhD and I can't understand/remember the confusing directions... Can you imagine how frustrating it is for my 4 year-old and her friends?  The game is so complicated and so devoid of fun that we have never finished it, and whenever we play it, everyone ends up unhappy.  And ditto what everyone writes about the cheapness of construction and the pain-in-the-butt set-up.  I hope Disney pulls this from the market -- it's so awful I am not even going to give it to Goodwill, I'm just going to trash it", 1.0
"My daughter likes this game a lot. The spinner is not that great. But its okay and easy to play", 5.0
"My daughter received this as a gift when she turned five. Do not buy this game unless you are willing to spend an hour putting it together and figuring out how to play it. And while you're doing that, your child(ren) will be whining about it taking so long. I was doing okay until it came time to put the two stickers on the spinning wheel. The directions for this part were incredibly confusing, and the directions for how to play the game were about the same. I also couldn't believe that I had to put stickers on the die (first time for everything!). That said, once we FINALLY figured it all out, my daughter loves it. I think it's the "secret" aspect of the game she enjoys -- pick three things out of the box without peeking and look for your match to your princess w/o showing anyone else the card to win the game. Still, I had to rate this 2 stars for the poor construction of the game", 1.0
"My daughter likes it, but only because she has an unusually high level of patience.  Her friends refuse to play it after they tried unsuccesfullly to finish a game.  30 minutes into it and they were nowhere near even the middle of the game and that was with a set of friends who are quiet and calm.  I would never pull this game out for some of her other more rambunctious friends.", 5.0
"Please DO NOT by this game", 5.0
"The whole game is very poor quality. The spinner is made of cheap plastic and comes apart when spun. You have to apply number stickers to the die. Instructions too confusing for the age group.", 5.0
"Very Disappointed", 2.0
"My husband and I are both college educated and can't figure this game out for the life of us.  Not only are the directions confusing but the game itself is cheap and flimsy. The only time we play it (which is very rare) is when we "make up" our own rules.  Please don't waste your money", 5.0
"I received this game as a present from my wife.  However, after a few games, one of the buttons stopped responding, making the game difficult to play.  It will be returned to Amazon for an exchange.", 5.0
"One note with the game, the make-it-you-take-it style for 24 seconds is odd, but the addition of the 3-point shot is awesome!  The game is as good as I remember especially on PRO2.  When quiet time is necessary, the sound ON/OFF is terrific.  I gave it four stars because the durability seems weak (fifteen minutes of Christmas morning action results in bad button) and the instructions are written poorly.", 5.0
"Just a followup, Amazon shipped me a new game even before I had a chance to send the defective one back.  Kudos to the Amazon customer service staff for a job well done!  I'd give the game five stars, but cannot seem to figure out how to change the rating", 5.0
"This is an excellent toy. All parts are made of a heavy-duty soft rubber. Vibrant colors. Very realistic looking.  Same can be said of the shape sorting cupcake sister product made by the same company. My two year old daughter and 4 y.o. son both love playing with this in their pretend kitchen", 5.0
"This is  a goody. this is good for color learning and pretend food play. Under each ice cream scoop is the color in bold black lettering. The quality is amazing, the icecream looks so realistic. the scoops have a nice weight and texture to it and it fits snuggly on the cone. And you get 2 cones. Its also great for stacking.... very cool. My kids love it", 5.0
"I Purchased this toy along with all the other Toys that belong to the Laugh and Learn House. My Grandchildren loved all the Laugh and Learn toys.You can purchase all or some, seperately. The lights, sounds, and action keeps them entertained for hours. It's a great learning toy", 5.0
"I bought this for my daughter when she was 9 months old, and she loves it!  She plays with this toy over and over again.  It does so much to keep her attention!  She is now 16 months and STILL plays with it over and over again each day.  It is just a great toy to have! I am glad I bought it!  I love the Laugh and Learn line of toys from Fisher Price...we have just about ALL of them as they are just a great line of toys to teach your child things and yet fun to play with for the child...they are defintely not boring toys", 4.0
"This toy is Amazing my 7 month old daughter loves it but it was very hard to track down.  I called all of the toystores in my area and finally ended up calling Fisher Price who gave me the number to the Burlington coat factory.  After about an hour on the phone with a very nice employee called Liz we discovered that several of their stores have the birdbaths.  However, if your local store like mine does not have any you simply must pay a five dollar transfer fee and within days it's yours for the price of 19.99.  Good Luck.", 4.0
"My daughter got this toy when she was 6 months old.  At that time she could pull out the shapes, bounce the birdies and push the big counting button.  Now she is 16 months old and can match the shapes into the correct spots and still enjoyings the bouncing birds and counting pond.  Great toy!!  One of few that she has enjoyed for nearly a year!  That is rare!  Not worth paying $60 here though...go to BRU or Walmart", 4.0
"I purchased this item at babies r us this week for $20.  There is no need to pay almost $60 for this that are listed.  This is a great item, my son loves it", 2.0
"I purchased this toy for my son when he was 5 months and sitting up.  He loved it!  He's now 2 and STILL lovees it!  I swear this toy single-handedly taught him his colors.  It's very durable and sturdy and lots of fun!  I'm anxious for my 4-month old to enjoy it as much as his older brother!  BUY THIS TOY AND YOU WON'T BE SORRY! :", 2.0
"I have a 7 month old and he really enjoys playing with this toy.  It's great for babies just mastering sitting as everything they need to enjoy themselves is within reach!  The sound effects are easy on parent's ears, too:)  This purchase was well worth it!", 5.0
"Both my handicapped 8 year old son and my 15 month old absolutely love this toy!! It Taught my 15 month old to sort and now he uses his block box for sorting instead of throwing!! Even the older kids I take care of enjoy playing with this toy. The music is warm and the nature sounds are very clear. The only problem I have had is the tips of the sorting blocks break when stepped on...*LOL* other than that this is a wonderful addition to our toy collection!", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my daughter when she was about six months old.  She's 18 months old now and still loves this toy.  I like the different options you have with this toy and the differnet music that it plays.  It has several activities that still keep my daughter engaged.", 4.0
"I love this toy.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who asked me about it", 5.0
"This game is my new favorite board game. We love "Scene It" TV edition, and one of our favorite categories ask questions about commercials and ad jingles. So, of course we were thrilled when we found this game. Basically how to play: you are given an ad slogan or jingle, or mascot and you have to name the product. The object is to climb the "ladder" in an ad agency. Some of the cards are very easy, and some are hard. There are very new ad campaigns and "classic" ones. There are even super bowl ads. We have played it so much since Christmas, that we know alot of the answers, so we need them to come out with sequel cards, like the "Scene It" company did.", 5.0
"I think this game would be especially fun when entertaining guests. We've played twice with guests, and both groups enjoyed it", 4.0
"My kids and I absolutely love this product--obviously, be careful re the pieces if you have small kids in the household, but it's wonderfully addictive to play with", 5.0
"I have a toddler who is VERY picky about toys, and I have been hard-pressed to find one that keeps his attention.  He received this little tool set for Christmas and loves it.  He is into more mechanically oriented toys, naturally, so it's up his alley.  But the set is well-crafted and easy for him to use.  The drill actually drills in screws and has interchangeable bits.  Our little guy pretends he's Bob the Builder in the yellow hard-hat.  I can't vouch for the longevity of this toy, since we've only had it a month or so, but it's a neat little tool-set and has held up to a lot of abuse so far", 5.0
"The Littlest Pet Shop pets are the greatest! This egg has 4 very cute pets in it for Easter. The Butterfly is one of the "hot" item Pets in the bunch! Makes a wonderful Easter gift for kids", 1.0
"I just wanted to share with everyone that this is one of the best educational toys that you can purchase for a little one.  I got this for my son Cameron  last year for Christmas.  We just love this toy. He can play alone.  He can listen and watch the story on tv or after listening to the story he can go back and it will ask him about the story line on a certain page or asks him about objects and he has to pick the correct answer...very entertaining.  I am hoping they come out with more stories besides the first  8 that were introduced.  I am surprised that this toy has been reduced on sale.  I think they need to remarket the product and have more stories to offer in the future as long it still works on this original player.  This is a great toy to buy for a child that loves stories or reading.A++++++++++++++++++++++++", 4.0
"I gave this to my grandson Ethan, age 4 and a genius.  We shared the reading. It is a great and useful item. Thank you.  Yona Cohen  (Joe has the credit card", 5.0
"My daughter received this system for her third birthday.  She LOVES it!  We play with it everyday.", 5.0
"The set up was easy.  I watched the instructional DVD before I got started and then it literally took me 12 minutes to set up (SIMPLE!!!).", 5.0
"The stories are great and the art in the stories is amazing.  I highly recommend this to encourage a love of reading.", 5.0
"My three and a half year old son enjoys it! The concept is wonderful. It was a very easy setup and we were using it within 2-5 minutes. This is however not a toy for the child just by themselves as there are times when the controller doesn't work properly and the screen has to be cleared. It's a great concept which is why I'm still giving it 5 stars but it needs to function better.", 5.0
"The Read With Me DVD is a wonderful tool to add to a list of many items that will help children learn to love reading.  Programming the remote is not too difficult.  My son got this for Christmas when he was almost 3 (January Birthday) and we waited to program it until he was taking a nap so he was not frustrated while trying to set it up.  It only took about 10-20 minutes to program, but I would still recommend waiting until the child is asleep or busy.", 5.0
"My son figured out how to work it very quickly and at first it was more about reading comprehension.  The questions are about the story and the children select the correct answer.  We also got him a couple other stories like Green Eggs and Ham and The Little Engine That Could (we now have all but one story).  Although the words are highlighted quickly, they are at about the same pace as if you were reading the story, he was still able to pick up many words.  My son is fascinated with words and within a few weeks of using this he was able to read the book Green Eggs and Ham by himself.  We thought he had memorized it, but he actually corrected mistakes and knew words if I pointed to them individually.", 5.0
"He is now 3 years 5 months and has had the DVD system for 6 months and is now reading at a level 1 or 2 (My First Reader Books) and is reading at the same level as his 5 year old sister.  He loves to play his "video game" and I have to say that I am happy to let him play it.", 5.0
"Recently he has even started asking to have the words on when watching a movie (closed caption subtitles) and as he's watching a movie he will listen and point to the words at the bottom of the screen.", 5.0
"I would recommend this toy to anyone with children 3 and up.  Again it is just one tool that should be used to help a child learn to read, comprehend what they are reading and begin to enjoy reading.  It is not by itself necessarily going to teach a child to read but used with other items can help.  I would recommend that you buy the actual books to go with the DVD's, we already had most of them but that way they can have the story read to them slower, or be able to work on learning the words with the parent's help.  My son always takes his books to bed with him and reads using the light from his nightlight.", 5.0
"For learning how to sound out words and basic reading concepts check out the website starfall.com it is another wonderful tool.", 5.0
"We purchased the read with me DVD system for our 3 year old son for Christmas.Ok, so first, setting up the remote took all of mabey 10 minutes. Then you simply pop in one of the DVD's and your good to go! This system is so much fun, it really brings these familiar stories to life. My son had previously been familiar with the titles offered as we have them in the traditional book form (nothing should replace reading aloud with your children), I hope they come out with more titles soon. The illustrations are the same as the ones you will find in the books but they are animated, that is reallly entertaining. The narrators voice is very clear and nice to hear. The words along the bottom of the page light up to correspond to what the narrator is saying. The $15 dollars you will spen on each DVD is a bargain considering each dvd comes with 4 different play modes and tons of questions you and your little one can answer . My son will play with the system often and it will usually have his attention anywhere from a half hour to an hour.As someone who is studying to be a teacher I like some of the other educational aspects of the system other than just the reading benefits. When you answer a question that is wrong it will prompt you to give another answer , rather than immeadiately give the right answer. When you answer the question correctly it goes further and explains why the answer is right. This a good tool to use in conjunction with daily reading to your children. Fisher price definitely got it right", 1.0
"My daughters (turned 5 & 6) received this toy as a gift for their birthdays from our best friends and they LOVE it.  We homeschool and we love educational toys that do not get played with a few times and then put in a pile that clutters the bedroom. This is well worth the money especially [...].  WE ALL LOVE IT!", 4.0
"They said this is for ages 3+, but I bought this for my grandaughter who is 16 months and she had it mastered within 5 minutes.  Great teaching tool, since so many toys don't teach but kids get to watch.  This teaches pumping the arm up and down, how to stick it to the floor and watch it and then start it up again - one of her favorites", 4.0
"I purchased this top for my granddaughter, who is 2, for Christmas.  She has a brother who is 5-1/2 and a cousin who is 6.  They all loved it and played with it most of the day.  The only drawback, as told to me by my daughter, is that it sounds a bit like a train while it is spinning, which I am sure the kids love, but after a while got on the adults nerves and they had to turn the kids attention to other toys.  Other than that, I would have given it 5 stars.  My grandchildren love it, and of course now that it is now Christmas day, they don't play with it constantly, so the train noise is not such an issue", 1.0
"This is a similar version of the top I had when I was a child in the 50's.  Lot's of fun, low hum and changing colors.", 5.0
"The Ultra-Pro Baseball Card Notebook is a very nice quality notebook. Our son likes the logo and uses his for his favorite cards. He said that he needs more of the 'nice card holder books'! Based on that, I am sure we will be ordering more.", 5.0
"This game is like Yahtzee, but different! It was a fun change for a favorite game of mine.  I enjoyed it as much as I like Yahtzee", 5.0
"I've been playing Kismet at my friend's house since childhood, what a great game!  They recently taught me an an easy way to spice up the game... and add to the strategy required to WIN! Here it is:", 5.0
"Each game sheet has columns for six games.  Instead of playing one game at a time, you can play 3X or 6X.  Obviously, each is a longer time commitment that the other.", 5.0
"Say you're playing Kismet 3X - you play three games all at once.  When you're finished, the Game 1 column score remains as is (x 1); multiply the game 2 column score by 2 (x2); and multiply the game 3 column score by 3 (x3).  THEN, add those three totals together - this is your Final Score (could be in the range from 1500 - 3000 points or so).", 4.0
"The key here is choosing which column to input your different rolls.  Obviously, good rolls w/ high scores should fill up your Game 3 column, b/c it's going to end up multiplied by 3.  You want to put your poor rolls in the Game 1 column.", 5.0
"Try it, it's fun!", 4.0
"I used to play this game years ago and my family and friends always had alot of fun. This game is suspenseful because of the different color combinations you have to roll. I was glad to see it came back out for sell because my old game got destroyed. Now I can have alot of fun again with my family and friends and create new fun memories of playing this game", 5.0
"My family has enjoyed this game for many years.  Like the other reviews, we made copies of the sheets and continue to play.  We've written high scores and even low scores on the box since the early '70's.  Our box has a price of $2.29!.  This is a great game and for those that think the cup is noisy....my Dad put felt on the bottom and sides of the cup and it doesn't make a sound!  Buy and enjoy!!", 4.0
"My husband and I have enjoyed the simplicity of this game for years.  Alot to do with the luck of the roll. and the  competition of who scores higher.  Simple fun", 5.0
"My sister and I played this game every night for about two months. It's almost exactly like the game Yhatzee, but it has colors thrown in. There is a list of sets to get like: three of a kind, all the same color, two pair. After you roll, you pick which dice you want to roll again. You roll a total of 3 times to see if you can get any of the sets. It's so fun because it's so basic. Not a lot of rules to remember. We usually play about 3 games a night. Also good for travel since you really only need the dice and the score cards (maybe the rolling cup). Not good to play when your parents are trying to sleep though! Dice are really loud when rolling them in the cup. Really fun game", 5.0
"A fabulous game I've played since 1978!  I've never understood why it was so hard to find in stores.  It is so much more fun and challenging than Yahtzee.  Once you've played Kismet you'll never play Yahtzee again.  There is just no comparison", 5.0
"This is a great game for the whole family.  My husband got me to buy it and I am soooo glad that he did!  It brings us together, while helping my boys with their math", 1.0
"This game was around long before Yahtzee ever came out.  Loads of good clean fun that no one will tire of", 5.0
"My 5.5 year old granddaughter needed some help with this puzzle", 5.0
"I GOT THIS FOR MY NEPHEW FOR HIS 6TH BIRTHDAY.  HE LOVE IT!  PLAYED WITH IT ALL THE TIME SO I BOUGHT ONE FOR MY SON ON HIS 4TH BIRTHDAY.  HE LOVES IT AS WELL!  HE WILL PLAY WITH IT FOR HOURS!  IT ECOURAGES HIM TO USE HIS IMAGINATION!  MY 2 YEARS OLD LIKES TO PLAY AS WELL BUT THIS INVOLVES MOM AS WELL.  WONT BE LONG AND HE WILL BE PLAYING W/ IT ON HIS OWN", 5.0
"I bought this for my nephew for Christmas and it was one of those toys he opened right away and by the end of the night there were dominoe trains all over the kitchen. He kept us entertained", 5.0
"dominoes were smaller than we initially thought and our son does not play with this...now I understand why we bought it on such a discounted sale...pass on this toy..", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my 4 year old nephew and since I only have two daughters, I wasn't sure what to buy for a boy.  I went on the recommendations from Amazon and they were correct.  My nephew LOVES this toy.  He sets it up all over to watch it go.  His father even decided to join the fun.", 5.0
"Fun toy for kids 4 and up but wish it had come with a few spare parts. Some of the dominoes clip on in a special way and if you lose those, it no longer will do all it is supposed to. But it works better than you would think and can still be used even when a piece or two disappears", 5.0
"My boys got this for Christmas and it is such a fun toy!  As a matter of fact older kids find it irresistable too.  My nephews who are in their twenties layed right down on the floor and REALLY got into it too.  A+ for this toy", 5.0
"My 5-yr-old loves this toy.  I was surprised that it really works.  I feared that the dominos wouldn't stay up or would get caught in the truck, but it works great.  A great introduction into cause & effect without all the work setting up regular dominos.  Definately a fun toy to get or give. I'd say the target age group would be 3-6 yr-old Boys", 5.0
"This little cars are the best. Our 2 1/2 year old grandson loves to shake the cars and watch them go. I certainly recommend these racers for toddlers. They are very sturdy. Love the "vroom" sound, too.", 5.0
"These cars are so much fun! Just as the name says, you just shake it up and it goes. My son has several of these and they all have slightly different reactions. Some are faster than others.", 5.0
"They work best on a hard surface - Cement, hardwood floors, tile. They go pretty slow on carpet.", 5.0
"The cars are very durable. One of my son's favorite games is to launch them off the deck and see if he can get it to land on the grass below. If the weather isn't nice, he likes to send them racing down the stairs. So far, nothing has broken and its been over six months.", 5.0
"These cars are easy for my daughter (who is only two) to play with too. The kids love shaking with the cars and racing to see who's car goes the farthest.", 5.0
"We bought this for our 4 Y.O. neice last Christmas, a young lady who thinks she's THE princess! I have to agree that the box can be a bit hard to open. More so for little kid hands. The idea and the sounds are too cute for your little princess. We filled it up with a bunch of Lip Smacker chapsticks because she loves them. Most little girls do! It's a great gift! :", 5.0
"There is only one problem like someone else said, the jewelry box is hard to open!! It is hard for me to open at times, and my 4 year old daughter has never been able to open it. We got it for her as part of her Christmas. Other than that, she loves it. It plays Bippity Boppity Boo.", 5.0
"I do agree with the first review, it can be tough to open. My daughter puts all her hair ties and things like that inside, so when we're getting ready for school,it's a pain to get open. The music is adorable, and the design itself as well. The necklace that comes with it, of course is cheap and fell apart quickly. Overall, if your daughter loves Cinderella, she will love this toy", 5.0
"This box is very pretty but is extremely hard to open, especially for a three year old!  It makes my little one frustrated because you really have to push hard to get the top to flip open.  She loves it, though, because it plays music and she can put her little figurine dolls inside", 5.0
"My daughter loves this lil' quad.  However I don't think the age range is correct on it (1-3).  I don't see how a 1 year old could ride this. My daughter is 2 yrs old and she really enjoys riding this around the house.  The great thing about it is it is very small so it is no problem having it in the house rather than having to only use it out side.  That is what I like most about it.  I am happy with the purchase!", 4.0
"The car is a fun toy for our 22 month old. SHe has a little trouble steering it but she's getting the hang of it. It moves just fine on our berber carpet and also works fine outside- even in grass. Overall it's a great little car perfect for young toddlers because it doesn't go too fast and is very simple to operate. CONS: the back tires spin and have zero traction. Also, the stickers are already peeling off and it's 3 weeks old", 5.0
"We gave this to our niece who turned three and she loves it!  It is perfect for a little timid girl.  The only problem we have is she has a sister who is 18 months younger and we should of bought two", 5.0
"My daugher recieved this as a gift this Christmas.  So far we haven't experienced any problems.  The stickers seemed to wrinkle a little while being put on, probably my fault though.  Easy to charge.  Doesn't go super fast for my daugher.  Spins a little on hard wood surfaces, but after a few seconds keeps on truckin.  My daugher loves it", 5.0
"I brought this last Christmas for my daughter, and I also recommended a co-worker of mine to do the same since her daughter was also two years old. Two days after Christmas the two front wheels fell off while she was riding it and they continued to fall off every time she would drive off the sidewalk into a grassy area or bush. There's a plastic round piece that holds the two wheels in place, but this piece doesn't fit properly to prevent the wheels from coming off. Two weeks later I went to visit my co-worker at home and she was experiencing the same problem. I got so sick and tired of putting the wheels back on while my daughter was outdoors riding it that I don't let her ride it anymore. Not worth the money or the time! Buy the Dora Explorer Big Wheel instead, my daughter loves it and it's very durable", 5.0
"My daughter enjoys the Lil' Quad (and anything Dora).  She's 2 years old and my only complaint is that the place for her feet is small--so her feet are never flat on the quad.  But she loves pushing the button and "driving" herself around", 5.0
"This is a real fun product both for yourself and the child. The enjoyment they have and it is great to see that it is easy to work and see the child having a good time. I would highly reccomend this 4 wheeler for a little girl", 4.0
"This game is for two to four players, and the more the better.  There are not too many games you can play with six players.  This keeps all ages interested, even my seven year old.  We thought he was too young, but HE WON!  He seemed to think having the most money was the way to go, and not buying as much with it.  It was total pokerface, he was bluffing the whole time making us think he really didn't get the game and he felt the most money would win, but he ended up tricking us and winning.  We were all stunned.  We had so much fun we actually continued the game with whoever was left in the game.  Even as a parent it was challenging to play against the kids.  Some games you do for the sake of interaction with your kids, but this one can hold your interest", 4.0
"I got this game when I was on vacation with my friend. We pulled it out and we were so confused with how to win and all the different cards and stuff on the board. So we immediatly put it away and said oh, what a waste of money, but then we tried one last time, read all the directions and have been playing ever since. My friends and I call each other "frnchie" and the characters names like "boris." It's fun and it gets a lot of laughs. I would recommend this to anyone. I can't wait to get simply suspects!", 1.0
"We bought this game for our 10yr old cousin for Christmas and it was a big hit !!  We were so thrilled to hear from his mother who thanked us over and over again and told us how much he loved it. He had recieved Apples to Apples from Santa and had played it everyday until this arrived in the mail. It is now his new "favorite" game.  It is so hard to shop for kids in this age range, and this, in my opinion, makes a great gift for older kids. It beats video games, and toys that are tired of easily and promotes quality time spent with family and friends", 5.0
"Spy Alley is a suspenseful family game for two to six players ages 8 to adult.  Each player is given a secret spy identity (French, Spanish, Italian, Russian, German or American) which they must protect while accumulating four things: their password, disguise, codebook and embassy key, and then hustle back to their embassy before the other players discover who they are.  In order to accumulate all of these things, they must make their way around the board, bluffing and counter-bluffing.", 4.0
"Anyone who loves Clue but wants a little something different should not hesitate to pick up this great game", 4.0
"This game is one of my all-time favorites. I could play it over and over again and never get bored! Fun to play with the whole family, this guessing game rocks", 1.0
"Study what your opponents purchase to deduce thier identity, and collect your country's spy materials and land on your embassy to win.  Earn money, buy tickets, get gifts... a cross between Monopoly and Clue, that's sure to be played again and again.", 5.0
"Better with 3-6 players, but can be played with 2 in a pinch (quick game).", 5.0
"Carolyn K., webmistress, Hoagies' Gifted Education Page, and my 9- and 13-year-old reviewers du jour..", 4.0
"My 7 year old and 10 year old regularly beat my husband and I on this game. They're good at being spies! It's fun for everyone every time. This game and Cranium Cadoo are the top 2 picks for us when it comes time to play a family game", 5.0
"My husband and I enjoyed this game. Even though it was just the two of us playing, there was enough suspense and variety to keep us interested. I'm looking forward to the next family gathering, because playing with a group would provide even more variation and fun. It's also easy to play the first time yet offers strategic advantages to veteran players", 5.0
"I'm only writing this to say that my young children love these things and have a great time with them and that they are very child friendly.  Before buying them, I had read in a few places that these are too difficult for children and are more appropriate for adults with musical experience.  IT IS A TOY!  If adults can do fun cool stuff with them, great, but they are made, sold and used as a toy.  Why not a 5 star rating?  No reason other than it's not their favorite toy.  :)", 1.0
"I bought these for my music lover when he was 4 years old.  He loved them so much that he wanted to take them to preschool to share with his friends.  His teacher loved them so much she wanted to order some for the class.  The kids had a blast playing with them all morning.  My boys are now nearly 6 and 3 and these are always guaranteed fun when we play with them.  I really like how each person can hold a tube and you can whack them on the floor to play songs together.  Yeah, they are a plastic tube, but they are a fun plastic tube that teaches them about music and entertains them", 5.0
"We all love these in my house. My daughter is 2.5 right now, and thinks it's pretty cool to run around banging on the walls and floors with the boomwhackers.", 5.0
"These markers are great.  My grandaughter loves them and I like them because they don't make too much of a mess", 4.0
"This is a great Barbie. I bought two of these, one for my daughter and one for a friend's daughter. The bear is a little difficult to get dressed because the clothes are so tiny (HINT: Use tweezers). It's a great doll though.", 5.0
"Our toddler loves serving her family!  She chops and serves!  Great product", 5.0
"Not the best of tracks but my son did love playing with it.  Not many cars (other than the one that came with it) can actually make it all the way around the track.  Only one track layout option.  But this was still the best track i've seen from hot wheels in a long time", 4.0
"What happened to hot wheels tracks?   Does anyone else remember when you could buy a box with a whole bunch of track and connectors and create your own layouts?", 4.0
"The sets available come with a paltry 2 or 3 yards of track and maybe a bunch of hard plastic pieces.  Only a limited number of configurations are possible.", 5.0
"This is a pretty neat race track. You can't make it bigger by adding more track because the booster won't carry the car further, but it is alot of fun, and the cars go very fast. My 20 month has mastered it pretty well and likes it too", 5.0
"Bought this for my son for X-mas. Works fantastic.  You can even get multiple cars going at once.  My only problem is that it says it's a "starter set" but there don't appear to be any add-ons for it from Hot Wheels", 5.0
"this is an awesome toy....this is my son's very 1st hot wheels toy and he loves it. My husband likes it as well. :)", 5.0
"It is a very sturdy toy and the cars are fine on the track. The only problem I have with it is that where the booster is and the batteries, it is very light. when the cars come around to go thru the booster, it really shakes and moves around a lot and lifts off the ground. It does not effect the track, but they could make that heavier so it does not move around on the floor....", 4.0
"My 5 year old really enjoys this track...we've had it for about 2 weeks now and so far no problems and considering hot wheels recent products I'm keeping my fingers crossed. Anyways its a fun basic track that you can expand on and easy to put together", 5.0
"I really wanted to like this game, but there are serious problems with the version that comes in the blue box.", 5.0
"1. The pegs fall out of the vertical board. This is a serious game play issue because you cannot tell where you have fired or scanned.", 5.0
"2. The voice is VERY difficult to understand.", 4.0
"I cannot emphasize this enough...DO NOT buy the version in the blue box. It stinks. I was able to contact Hasbro (not an easy feat because their phone line is CONSTANTLY busy, you have to wait on hold for about ten minutes and their operators hung up on me twice [accidentally I hope] before I got to speak to them), and they sent me an entirely new unit in the green box. BUY the version in the green box; it is great (just don't use it in the elevated mode; keep it flat on the table)", 4.0
"I just came back from buying the Electronic Battleship Advanced Mission game. First, I bought the one that comes in the BLUE BOX. After five minutes into the game, I could see how badly this game was done. Especially the annoying voice of the announcer that lets you know if you hit or miss a target because not only does he sounds awful but also you just cannot understand what he says. Therefore, if you are playing with the advanced weapons and use the tomahawk missile, when the game announces the spaces that you hit and missed you will not be able to tell the difference between the two no matter how many times you press the repeat button. It was so frustrating that I immediately packed the game and went back for a refund.", 4.0
"Then I saw the Electronic Battleship Advanced Mission that comes in the GREEN BOX and I exchanged it for that one. Wow, what a difference! The voices, the sounds, the design, everything is just excellent. Here is what you get in this new and revised game. Remember, it's the one in the GREEN BOX.", 5.0
"1. The original game play in a bigger grid (10 x 14), Salvo mission (You fire one shot for each one of your ships still afloat) and Target Plus One Mission, or Bonus Mission (You earn and extra turn for every hit or successful scan until you miss).", 5.0
"2. Advanced Weapons can now be used in Salvo and Bonus Missions.", 5.0
"3. The voice of the announcer is understandable. You will have NO problem whatsoever in understanding hits and misses.", 4.0
"4. The Attack Squadron Planes now move AND scan on the same turn, and the Planes now scan the space immediately underneath them. Beware of the Anti-Aircraft Missile Battery, the only defense against these pesty little creatures.", 5.0
"5. The Aircraft Carrier missiles were eliminated. Now the Attack Squadron Planes are equipped with a one-time use only missile that automatically hits every space where it detects an enemy target. It does that on the first target found only, and then it only scans.", 5.0
"6. The Battleship has one Tomahawk missile that hits everything in the 3 x 3 square where it lands. The now called Light Missile Cruiser has two Harpoon Missiles that covers three vertical or horizontal spaces. The Fast-Attack Sub has two torpedoes that travel from one side to the other of the grid unless it hits a target first. The Sub also has a scanner that will tell you that an enemy ship is in the vicinity but will not tell you the precise location unlike the Attack Squadron Planes.", 5.0
"7. The new design brings the game to eye level but if you must you can place it the conventional way. The ships are redesigned and the place where you store the pegs actually works (you know, it will not open after storage). Plus the pegs will NOT fall of the grid easily.", 5.0
"8. The new sound effects are cool and necessary. Before the sound of a missile launching and a hit were too confusing. Now not only can you distinguish between the two but also there are different colored lights to indicated launches, scans, hits and misses.", 5.0
"In my opinion, this is a great upgrade to a classic game.  A small screen that will record your latest moves is still necessary. I mean, more than once we have found ourselves forgetting what pattern we choose our planes to scan and the repeat button repeats only the last sentence said. But until then, enjoy this beautiful and impressive Electronic Battleship. It actually made me remember how I felt around twenty years ago when I got the first Electronic Battleship made. I hope you have as much fun as I did then and are having now. Bye.", 5.0
"I played this game with my kids and it was way fun.  the game is set up with red and blue "teams" but it can be just two people...the answers were not as obscure as i thought they would be but varied enough to be fun for a child OR grown up.  I even got another one as a gift for my friend who is a total music BUFF", 5.0
"This DVD contains six rounds. The questions are the same everytime you play that round. So once you've played one of the rounds, you know all the answers. For the price, that sux. I expected different random questions every game, not so. I bought this game because it's packaged like it's a rock based game. (Guy with the Les Paul guitar on the front of the box, Lollapalooza sample question on back, and it comes with a Hard Rock Cafe poster which the box for the game has their logo all over it) so I bite. Then the game has questions about country artist Clay Aiken and the rapper 50 Cents. What's up with that? Plus the game's main theme music is C+C Music Factory's "Gonna Make You Sweat". It was still rather enjoyable, except the DVD kept freezing up. So overall, avoid it unless you can find it for five bucks or less!!", 5.0
"I really enjoyed this game at first and loved playing it with our friends.  BUT,  after playing the 6 games you're done.  What a waste for the money.  You basically get 6 hours of playtime total and you might as well throw the game out.  Big Bummer.  Wish I bought the Scene It Music edition instead..", 5.0
"This game is a lot of fun.  And, the most impressive thing for me was that everyone can get involved and enjoy it.  It's challenging enough for music lovers, but simple enough for casual music fans.", 5.0
"The Battle of the Bands portion was probably the most fun and got everyone involved.  Everyone is given one topic... like 'Bands that start with the letter S.'  Then, you go back and forth naming bands until one team can't think of any more.", 5.0
"It's good fun for the money.", 5.0
"We hadn't played any of the new DVD games until this past weekend.  At one party we played Shout About Movies and RIFF.", 5.0
"We hated Shout About (and I am posting our review of that!)  and we LOVED Riff.", 4.0
"Riff is completely on the DVD.  You play in teams and use the DVD remote.  The best part was the Battle of the Bands questions which went on and on with people screaming and laughing.  The High or Lower and Fact or Wack parts of the game are the most original stuff we have seen.  LOVED THIS.  Then there are music videos, picture questions, music.", 5.0
"What was really great was how much stuff about current music was in this game.  And how much stuff we managed to actually remember.", 5.0
"There was other stuff too.  A look inside the Hard Rock collection was very cool.  So was the poster that is included.  But the star was the game.  We went out and bought our own copy the next day.  We can't wait to play it again (this weekend.)", 1.0
"Riff is amazing!!!", 1.0
"We really enjoyed playing RIFF.  This is a REAL music trivia game, great challenging questions on a broad range of music topics.  We played for hours, plus we could check inside the Hard Rock vault and see some rock n roll memorabilia.  Highly recommend this game (it's also great value for money).  The others are just Riff-offs", 4.0
"This game is not as high quality as it could be, all be it it's a simple game.  The pieces consist of little blocks and chips, which are like the really old thin plastic poker chips.  All you do is roll the die and try to get the most chips by landing on them, with the other people placing blockers hear and there to get you from reaching your goal.  I guess the game is somewhat unpredictable, because anyone can land on you and take all your chips away, but it gets monotonous after a while, and the game just isn't as high quality as most.  Overall it's an alright game, but if you have a lot of other high-quality games (Cranium, Monopoly, etc.) I doubt this is for you", 4.0
"I played this game with my 13 year old daughter and my wife and a friend. This is a wonderful addition to our boardgame collection. It's really a game of pursuit - reminiscent of Packman in a way. Great fun chasing everyone around and trying to escape the traps you've set for others - and gotten caught in yourself. Easy to learn and great fun. Perfect for adults, and for the entire family", 4.0
"I saw this game advertised as winning a 'Major Fun Award' and you can bet your bottom dollar, this game is major fun.  You cannot help but have fun playing Catch 22.  As the name suggests, you need to catch 22 chips and exit the game board to win.  But, also as the name suggests, you might find yourself in a 'Catch 22' situation.  For example, once you win alot of chips, everybody else is going to try and catch you to steal your chips.  Or, a player might land on a switch places square and when you thought you were home free, you are forced to switch places with an opponent.  The strategy part is that you have 'Blocker Cubes' to try and clear a path for yourself or indeed block an opponents path.  But be careful, you only have five cubes and once you use them up, you must land on a square which allows you to collect a blocker cube from the board.   This is simply a fantastic game.  It is fast moving and heart stopping.  I cannot tell you how many times someone was on the verge of winning and in a heart beat, all their chips were stolen. Really, you should definitely try this game, I highly recommend it if you are into having fun", 4.0
"I bought this game to play with family and friends over the holidays, and at the cottage. What a great game!!! Easy to learn, lots of social interaction, great competitive aspects. This is a classic", 5.0
"I bought this game in order to spend some quality time with my family - at the cottage, and on Sunday evenings. What a great investment. The best aspects of this game are that it is interactive (players chase each other), it is very quick to learn (great with kids), and the outcome is in doubt right up until the end. Adults can certainly substitute money for tokens and have a ball, and kids are just happy to be clobbering their parents or siblings. I highly, HIGHLY, recommend this game!!", 4.0
"Having twice played Catch 22 at a friend's house during this past week, I can happily say that it is not  a  strategy game in the dull, two-years-to-learn-the rules way. It's fun.  A blurb on the back of the box describes the premise - accurately in my opinion - as "take the money and run". The board you're moving around is labyrinth-like, with token-filled jackpots seemingly positioned on every corner. What are called `blocker cubes' have the effect of empowering the players (not to mention that they are fun to hold!), and they provide the real twist to the play - these are the devices used by players to trap/thwart each other. When we played, we avoided the temptation of using quarters and other forms of 'real money' as substitutes for the play tokens (largely because there were children playing along with us), although I can easily see why others might not be able to resist. I also appreciate that, unlike most other games I've played of this genre, which are only designed for two players, this game can be played by up to 6 people (our first game involved 4 players, the second involved 6). Last but not least, you're always using your brain to figure out your next move. This gets my recommendation", 5.0
"We bought this for our 6 year old son but even our 12 year old daughter enjoys this game.  It makes us laugh and is an enjoyable way to play together.  Product works perfectly.  However, the ball has been ruined by the dog.  Anyone know where we can get another ball", 5.0
"Major fun! This pitching game attaches to a door for interactive play. We hung ours on a door at the end of a hallway. The backdrop is nicely padded and, so far with all the heavy pitching, there has been no damage to the door. The LED display that keeps track of strikes and balls needs three AAA batteries. The game does come with them but you will want to have extras on hand. Our son enjoys playing this  by himself, with his dad, grandfather, and sisters. I hear a lot of laughter whenever he's playing with the big boys. Seems they like to argue the umpire's calls. Great family fun for baseball fans.", 4.0
"My 6 year old boy is obsessed with baseball and this item is perfect for him.  He absolutely loves it and plays with it all of the time.  It is a great toy.  The only complaint I have is that the things you secure it to the top of the door with are a little flimsy but it comes with velcro for added stability.  With the velcro, it is very secure and has not moved.  I highly reccommend this toy.", 5.0
"Son bought these for himself and very disapointing. Can't see good at all under the water.  Waste of money.", 5.0
"I have only got this toy this summer but we have enjoyed it. We live on the river and swim in it constantly, my son (8 1/2) and I. It is so cool to see fish and the lights give enough light to see betewwn the rocks. It has been fun. It so far has held up well and the strap is pretty durable but seems ealy to replace if it does break", 5.0
"I bought 2 of these for my kids. They love them. They can swim at night and see where there going. So far these work great. They dont fog up as bad as some of the other goggles out there. A friend of my kids was here and seen the goggles and loved them so I turned around a bought a 3rd pair of them. As I said, so far there great. We have had them almost a month now. They do take 4 AAA batteries but otherwise there great. The plastic is not the really soft kind that moves and lets water in. They kinda mold to your face to keep water out. I have even tried them and like them better than alot of others. They are shaped as to slightly impair your vision on the sides since they do stick out some on the sides. Overall, they are great so far. The only reason I gave it 3 stars on education is it just depends if you take your child to the beach or some place like that", 4.0
"wonderful! we took them camping and saw all sorts of night creatures in the lake- eels, turtles and fish.  great in the pool too!!  I am buying a second set for one reason -  very durable by kid standard,  but--the dog took them out of service!", 5.0
"this swimming toy is great fun and is also durable but it is not educational at all but again its fun for summer swimm's or night swimm'", 4.0
"My almost-3-year old daughter loves this toy. She also has the Maid Marian set and loves having 2 princesses to ride in the carriage. She likes putting the knight from another set into the horse, and she can tell they all "go" together, versus her FP house. Because my daughter is a princess fantatic, this set was a huge hit: especially since Cinderella was re-released and *this* set has a carriage. Who knew a 3 year old would know what a carriage for a ball was? I think it's delightful she actually pretends to go to a ball and carries on conversations between the princesses.", 4.0
"For imaginative play, I gave this toy a 5 star rating. Our princess is a bit well-loved (some paint missing), but who wouldn't be after continual living in a little girl's pocket?", 1.0
"Definitely a recommended toy", 4.0
"This is an additional set for the Lil Kingdom. It includes a pink carriage, Princess Sonya Lee, Prince Michael and a horse that can either be connected to the carriage or the horse can be ridden all by itself. Also included is a dance area so that your Little People can dance and spin the morning away!", 2.0
"I've said it before and I'll say it again, imagination and play are so important for your child! Any Little People set or additional set can create hours of fun for both you and your child!", 4.0
"The reason we got this set vs the Maid Marrion set (that comes with two unicorns, one big & 1 little) is that you can ride the horse!  A great addition to our Little People toys, my daughter nows asks us to get ther the casstle (but we already have the house, garden accessories, airport and farm accessories).", 5.0
"Since we have so many people already, two can ride the coach while one rides the horse and the prince and princess can dance.", 4.0
"Great fun for your horse/princess/Renn Faire/little people fan", 4.0
"It's a good camera for little ones, and it taught my 20 month old to say "Cheese" when the camera comes out.  My 4 year old is enjoying it, too...he likes watching the gears inside.", 5.0
"Louis", 5.0
"This is a fun toy.  Our 2-year-old son does like it, but it doesn't get played with very often.  Fun camera though - when it gets played with.  ;", 5.0
"My daughter recieved the camera as a gift when she was 3. We only had to replace the batteries once in two years of regular play.", 5.0
"She lost interest in it at age 5 when the novelty of using a "grownup" digital camera with supervision won out over the fun sound effects and red LED flash of the Smile For The Camera. It still looked like new after that time, so we happily passed it on to a younger relative", 5.0
"Each year I buy my daughter a Barbie holiday edition and it sits in her room, boxed until the next one replaces it.  This one she so badly wanted to play with and I should have bought one for that purpose at the 14.99 price tag, but...hindsight, etc.  The thought of that beautiful gown in her playroom along with all the other naked Barbies, well...", 5.0
"This doll is so beautiful and elegant, although I liked the 2005 doll better because it looked more like a Holiday doll dressed in the reds.  But this is definitely my second favorite since 2001...and I think it's my daughter's favorite.  It's an incredible Barbie and any little girl would absolutely love this if she likes Barbies!!!", 5.0
"So, 5 stars all around if she were to come out of the box.  5 stars for my daughter who is starting to understand the idea of collecting, even if I'm not sure I understand why I'm doing it!", 5.0
"As for Amazon, great shipping, fast, well-packaged, arrived in A+++ condition...as my usual experience with Amazon has been", 4.0
"Gorgeous doll. Simply stunning. She is so beautiful I decided not to give it to my daughter last Christmas and instead wait until she is older. Since she is 3, I decided to collect these signature dolls for a few years and present them all to her when she is 10-12 years old", 5.0
"My 4 year old granddaughter thought this Barbie was so beautiful and wanted this one to play with, along with her many other dolls.  I wanted to get it for her but could not see paying the retail price just for her to play with.  I went on line after Christmas looking for the Erika Doll and found this one for [...].  I was shocked and ordered it right away.  It was brand new in mint condition.  I got the item within a few days and my granddaughter was delighted.  I have ordered several items from Amazon.com and will continue doing so.  I shop for bargains and this was the best one by far.  Thanks to Amazon.com", 5.0
"I have given dolls to my own daughter for almost 30 years now every christmas.  This one is put away for her to get this year.  I bought it after christmas and it is gorgeous and will make a beautiful addition to her collection.  Great buy for $14.99", 4.0
"I have ordered many things on line and this I'd have to say was the best and fastest service yet. Prior to shipping I recieved two E-mails and then another when shipped. I was surprised at how fast I recieved it, never excepted it that fast. Thank you so muc", 5.0
"We collect Barbies for our youngest daughter.  We saw this advertised a few weeks before Christmas for $14.99 then didn't see it again until 2 weeks after for the same price.", 1.0
"Gorgeous Doll, great price and quick shipping", 5.0
"I was totaly satisfied with my purchase and the promptness of the delivery.  Thanks!", 4.0
"I was looking for a gift for my 7 year old neice. I am a Barbie girl myself, but the quality of the Holiday Barbies hasn't been up to snuff until this year. I bought one for her and one for me! She's beautiful in a Bob Mackie gown and a long, flowing braid. I was very pleased with the quality this year-hope Mattel keeps it up", 4.0
"This is a beautiful collectors doll for an incredible price.  I wish I had bought more than one", 4.0
"I WAS VERY IMPRESSED WITH THE DELIVERY TIME OF MY ORDER AND HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT. THE COST WAS BETTER THEN OTHER PLACES AND MOST STORES WERE SOLD OU", 5.0
"We've had ours for maybe three months, and like the earlier reviewer, I found that the plastic ring broke. I got to it before the baby and slipped the keys onto a metal key ring and may not let her have them... not sure. But I am reporting this product as unsafe to the CPSC. It is a pity. The idea of real metal keys on a baby key ring seemed perfect to distract my baby from my own key chain. But even that wasn't enough... turns out she was after my rubber chicken key fob", 5.0
"My child is always trying to get my keys from me as I strap him into his car seat and try and get on the road and he cries when I have to take them away to actually start the car.  I took to giving him the house keys a few times, but then lost them for a while only to find them a month later deep within the inside of the car seat..okay so I'm not a genius. When I saw this product I thought- great!  It looks close enough to the real thing, it just might fool him ionto thinking he's getting his hands on the real thing!  Its a pretty good product overall, he is certainly interested in it and accepts them as a replacement for the actual car keys during the strapping in routine.  One thing, I wish the body of the key chain were a bit more true to life size, as well as the actual keys.  He IS a baby, but he also knows the difference. As all moms know, as with the fake cell phones, even as they get more and more sophisticated, your baby can always sniff out a fake..", 5.0
"My daughter loved these. My only negative was that the battery is hard to change since the screw stripped so easily", 5.0
"I thought this was very cute and my daughter loved playing with it.  Then, when she was in her carseat she threw up, which is very unusual for her. Then I figured out what happened:  Right after, I noticed that she was sticking the keys all the way into her throat.  I'm sure she gagged on it and that is why she threw up.  I now let her play with it a little, but only if I am watching her closely to make sure she doesn't do that.  I wouldn't recommend it.", 4.0
"If you love crosswords you will love this handheld.Buy the case for easier handling.The touchscreen option is a lot easier than the button type crosswords", 2.0
"This is a pretty nice little game. It can keep you busy and help to pass the time. There are a lot of different puzzles, so you never play the same one twice. I only draw back that I have found to date is that depending on lighting the screen can be a little hard to see. Overall this is a fantastic little game", 4.0
"My Dad just loves his new birthday present.  We were up visiting him over the holidays and I saw him use his game every day without fail.  Good Job Amazon", 5.0
"This product was only good for about 1 week.  The inner light went out and that makes it very difficult to see. I have written to the company I purchased from, asking them to exchange it and I have yet to receive a response. I'm out the $59.95 I paid for it, plus tax and shipping. It was a birthday present for my fiancee and I am extremey dissappointed and thinking about filing charges against Fine Things II for stealing my money.", 5.0
"I've wanted this for a while, but thought the price a bit high.  I recently found it on sale and purchased it and I have to say, even at regular price, this is a fun item.  I wasn't disappointed.", 5.0
"Even the easy puzzles can be a little bit of a challenge (it is definitely the NY Times).  The mediums ones are great brainteasers.  I haven't tried the Difficult ones yet!", 5.0
"Two warnings:", 5.0
"First, the system itself is very small.  Great for travel (fits nicely into a small purse), but I imagine this would be very hard on older eyes.  My father had a little difficulty seeing it and he's just middle-aged.  I can't imagine how difficult this might be for the elderly!", 5.0
"Second, it doesn't mark which puzzles you've already done (or if it does, I haven't figured out how to do it).  Each time you choose a puzzle, you choose from a numbered list.  Would be nice if it either marked the ones you've done or had a random generator. (With 1,000 puzzles to choose from, I think choosing from the numbered list will eventually be a chore.)", 4.0
"Other than those two things, it's a great little machine.  I'm taking it with me on my next vacation", 1.0
"A really fun pastime, well presented with all sorts of concessions for people who are excellent at this sort of thing and for people who need lots of help", 5.0
"This toy is very cute, but very cheaply made. My daughter recieved this as a x-mas present and within 20 minutes it was broken! (And she does not play very rough). Although she loves dora this toy will go back, not worth the money", 5.0
"Most of the reviews have a similar theme, great product but not exactly intuitive to fold up and put away. This should help:", 4.0
"How to fold - http://playhut.com/fold_instructions.php", 5.0
"The Dora hut is similar to the Screen Room 200-500 series for written directions but the video only shows how to put it up. For taking it down watch the "Hideaway Adventure" video and watch closely a few times. It's much smaller but folds the exact same way.", 5.0
"Here's the link to that video - http://playhut.com/images/fold/0bf7634b04a5fb7763f45c10fb847973hideaway-folding.wmv", 5.0
"Worst case scenario -", 1.0
"Toll Free: 888-PLAYHUT", 1.0
"I asked my sister to get this for my daughter's birthday. In hindsight, I think there were better tents for the money. It's not made to be outside at all, and I'm not talking about camping over night; it does not play outside well. It tips over real easy. Also, when I folded it up for storage, it really warped the frame. It's taken forever to straighten it out.", 5.0
"I think a more squared tent would be a better buy. Keep looking", 5.0
"I would not recommend this toy to anybody.  My daughter loves Dora so that's why I got it for her but it's not very durable at all.  The least little pressure on the bottom edges and it just bends in that direction.  She's had it for a couple weeks now and it won't even stand up by itself anymore.  It is not worth the money.", 5.0
"I bought this for my child's outdoor birthday party. It is unstable. It falls over when kids play inside. It is too hot, air does not circulate inside. The three short horizontal poles which you insert to give it structure warped when it was outside in the garden. It's hot here but no excuse for such poor quality. I am plannng to give it away. Maybe someone can find a use for it", 5.0
"This is an awesome, quick thinking, problem solving game.  We have played many times each week since we opened it.  Pirate talk is great to add into play, also.   ARGH", 5.0
"I bought this game to play with my nephews. It's a fun game that utilizes strategy and a bit of luck. The instructions for the game are a bit confusing and the adults had to read them multiple times before beginning to play. After a few games, the concept clicked.  My 9 year old nephew loves the game.  It was too challenging for his 7 year old brother at first, but after a few games, he too was able to play.", 5.0
"Friends from out of town introduced us to this game, and the time passes so quickly with this game.  The instuctions are a little laborious, but once you start playing everyone catches on.  It's a strategy game at several levels.  The cards have 1) pictures of merchant ships with differing levels of loot (gold pieces) 2) pirate ships at various 'power' levels and 3) pirate admirals (trump card, effectively.)   As the game progresses players attempt to capture other players' merchies and maximize gold pieces while trying to prevent their own merchies from being captured.", 5.0
"Trust me, it's fun for the family.  And of course, everyone can talk like a pirate.", 5.0
"This doll was a special production of limited quantity. We looked in vain at several local stores to find it. It was, however, available on Amazon.com. I was relieved and grateful. Because of Amazon.com, I was able to make my little girl very happy indeed. Thank you", 4.0
"How weird, the photo doesn't show the fabric book holders! This is a terrific hybrid... toy shelf bins meet book case. Presto. Ultimate storage solution. We've had one for months and are soon to buy another. No more books everywhere and more accessible for our toddler to get at in the fabric holders... they're spread out nice to we can see all the books lined up. Nicely made... highly reccomen", 1.0
"This line of figures from McFarlane is quite a different take on the classic fairy tales. Little Red Riding Hood is possibly the best of the bunch. It's a great looking figure of a S&M style Red. She's scantily clad and dons spike studded boots; the sliced open wolf accessory is pretty grusome but all-in-all this is one fantastic looking display piece. That's the point, it's a display and not really a toy. Red is the stellar stand-out piece in this sadistic set", 5.0
"Owoooooooo!", 5.0
"Who's that I see walkin' in these woods?", 5.0
"Why, it's Little Red Riding Hood.", 5.0
"Hey there Little Red Riding Hood,", 5.0
"You sure are looking good.", 4.0
"You're everything a big bad wolf could want.", 5.0
"Listen to me.", 5.0
"Little Red Riding Hood", 5.0
"I don't think little big girls should", 4.0
"Go walking in these spooky old woods alone.", 2.0
"Owoooooooo!", 5.0
"Okay, so there is a not a specific nursery rhyme for Little Red Riding Hood the way there is for Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater or Little Miss Muffett, but one look at McFarlane Toy's Twisted Fairy Tales version of the fairy tale figure and the song by Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs will be going through your head as well.  I think this is the best looking figure in the set.  The ivory white of her skin contrasts nicely with the deep crimson and black of her outfit, and there is some nice silver trim on the cape, with accents all the silver spikes and snaps on her outfit.  So we are pretty much talking about Little Red Riding Hood as a Mistress of Bondage or something alone those lines (which certainly fits the requirement for being twisted).  I just think the mask is an unnecessary touch.  Meanwhile, that song is still going through my brain.", 4.0
"What big eyes you have,", 5.0
"The kind of eyes that drive wolves mad.", 4.0
"So just to see that you don't get chased", 5.0
"I think I ought to walk with you for a ways.", 4.0
"What full lips you have.", 5.0
"They're sure to lure someone bad.", 1.0
"So until you get to grandma's place", 1.0
"I think you ought to walk with me and be safe.", 5.0
"I'm gonna keep my sheep suit on", 5.0
"Until I'm sure that you've been shown", 5.0
"That I can be trusted walking with you alone.", 2.0
"Owoooooooo!", 5.0
"Red comes with a long knife, which fits into her right hand, and a sliced and diced wolf sitting in a pool of blood on a base.  Red stands alone without a base, but the clear intent here is that you position her so that while she can continue her assault on the wolf with the knife in her right hand she can use her left so it looks like she is holding up the wolf to continue the fun (my, my, how much was inside the stomach of that wolf).  Accordingly the figure offers limited articulation: her neck (although that is limited by the hood), the left shoulder, the right bicep, and both thighs.  You are only going to find a couple of poses in which she looks good, so be sure to scope out the results from various angles before you decide what you want to go with here.  Plus you can play the song while you pose the figure the same way I am playing it over and over again while writing this review.", 5.0
"Little Red Riding Hood", 5.0
"I'd like to hold you if I could", 5.0
"But you might think I'm a big bad wolf so I won't.", 5.0
"Owoooooooo!", 4.0
"What a big heart I have-the better to love you with.", 5.0
"Little Red Riding Hood", 5.0
"Even bad wolves can be good.", 5.0
"I'll try to be satisfied just to walk close by your side.", 4.0
"Maybe you'll see things my way before we get to grandma's place.", 5.0
"The story of Little Red Riding Hood remains one of the best examples for explainig such characters and narratives in terms of their archetypal significance.  The symbolism of the woods is apparent to all, especially when Red has to make her journey into it, which makes it easier to explain the wolf as an archetypal embodiment of the wild.  Once upon a time wolves were sacred animals, but now they are demonized by a society that is trying to clean up its brutal past.  Now the wolf is identified with the Trickster, as well as being an obvious metaphor for sexually predatory men, which makes his eviseration symbolic of something else as well (but let us not go there), so this figure might have an appeal to some customers on another level as well.", 4.0
"The fourth series of McFarlane's Monsters, the Twisted Fairy Tales menagerie consists of not only Little Red Riding Hood but also Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater, Little Miss Muffett, Humpty Dumpty, and the famous tage team of Hansel and Gretel (sold separately).   Given the origins of most classic fairy tales providing twisted versions is not really off point, although these figures certainly takes being twisted to the next level. Even if you do not want the entire set, there should be one of these figures that captures the Jungian dark side of the tales that we were all raised on once upon a time that most appeals to you.", 5.0
"Little Red Riding Hood", 5.0
"You sure are looking good", 5.0
"You're everything that a big bad wolf could want.", 4.0
"Owoooooooo! I mean baaaaaa! Baaa?", 5.0
"I bought this toy for my son for Christmas and he loves it. It can be turned into so many different things His cousin loved it so much I bought one for his birthday in July.", 5.0
"My boys got this for Christmas (ages 2 & 6).  The price at stores was $40+ ..Amazon was much more affordable.  The set is durable, the boys love being creative with all the different pieces and attachment.  Great fun", 5.0
"Bought this for my grandsons for Christmas. They are 6, and they love this toy. It is a well made toy with numerous parts that can be put together in many different ways. They love all the Mega Rig toys and spend many enjoyable hours playing with them", 5.0
"My 9 year old son received this for Christmas and has been having a blast!  He can make so many different types of vehicles, the set is sturdy, the characters are fun to play with.  He absolutely loves it! Very versatile and imaginative set", 1.0
"I can't stand it that I fell for another one of these hotwheels/matchbox sets.  They always look so cool on the comercial and they are always cheap plastic out of the box", 5.0
"My 5 year old son got this from Santa this year and he is thrilled with it.  He has been asking for this for months and of course, we were scared that it would not live up to the commercials.  We were plesantly surprised that the toy is sturdy, easily assembled and is easy for younger kids to manipulate.", 4.0
"This toy breaks apart into 25 separate pieces so that you can do several different variations on the theme- it is great to see my son's creativity come out!  Plus the pieces are basically big and colorful enough that you won't constantly worry that the pieces will be lost.", 5.0
"I highly recommend this, especially now that I see the price is $[...] less then what we paid", 5.0
"Gave this to my 4-year-old niece for Christmas and she played with it for a while then moved on.  It's small; really just big enough for her and a few toys.  Easy pop-up and break down; great for small places and small people", 5.0
"The barn is really cute and tall for older kids.  However, it does not "pop" up, there are three rods you have to put in and out when putting it up and down.  Also, once put together, it stood crooked, so it would not stay up.  If you got it just right, it would remain standing, until one of the kids went into it.  I am talking a 19 month old, not a 12 year old crashing it.  Needless to say, we sent it back and will look for something better.  OH, send it back via Amazon.  The company called me back after a full week, and wanted $15 included with the returned tent (shipping on you).  Things that make you say hmmmmmm", 4.0
"This game was given to us as a gift and my 5 and 3 year old love it!!!!  I do have to help them, but we have tons of fun.", 5.0
"Tinkerbell Uno is the best game ever!!!  I played this last year at Thanksgiving and had the best time!!  Gotta love the Pixie Dust Protection Card.  Come on now, with a name like that, how could this game not be great?!?!?!?", 4.0
"Being a family of Uno players, we decided to get yet another Uno variety.  This game makes it fun because Tinker Bell calls the colors on some.  Its really frustrating when you have saved your draw 4 until the end and the fairy calls a color you dont have, but again when she tells you to discard all green, and thats all you have I admit that I yelled out loud!  Great new rules on a classic game", 5.0
"We LOVE this game.  We have played regular UNO, but the added Disney touches and rules make the game way more interesting.  Our family, from age 11 to 45 have a fun time having Disney UNO marathons", 5.0
"We are a card playing family.  The adults in my family always play Uno....knowing this, my in-laws bought Disney Uno for my children.  They love it and we love playing it with them!  It puts a new twist on the game.  Highly recommended!", 1.0
"We use this timer for clean up. It's great b/c my kids love to race against time they can see. We also use it to make them brush their teeth for more than 30 seconds. I think it's a little expensive for what it is thoug", 5.0
"My son came home from his first week of kindergarten speaking about this great timer that his teacher had -- if the timer went off, snack time was over.  Period.  He seemed so intrigued that I decided I needed to get one.  IT IS AWESOME - at least for my two boys (ages 3 & 5).  I give them 20 minutes to get out of bed & dressed in the morning and another 20 to eat breakfast.  The timer shows GREEN, then turns to YELLOW when time is almost up; then turns RED.  You can customize the sound effects for each color; and the amount of time to allow during each color.  My kids have responded fabulously to the timer -- and we are always on time for school.  I also use it as a sharing timer (if they fight over a toy, I set the timer and they take turns); and use it for play-time (you have X# of minutes to play before dinner, bedtime, etc.)", 5.0
"Great item. I have a 7 year old and a 5 year old.  We use this for cleaning up their room.  Because it has audible and visual clues they know that the time is getting close to the end.  Most of the time their room gets cleaned up.  I didn't have any trouble with setting it up, once you figure it out it isn't very hard", 5.0
"The time tracker is a great idea, however, we've found it works best if you program it manually.  It works well for keeping the kids on task while eating their breakfast in the mornings before school and for timing video game play.   I also bought the ac adapter, but without the batteries it's sort of flimsy, and if you unplug it (which is easy to do, esp. if the kids pick it up) you have to reprogram everything. (and it's not as if it's in constant use except as a clock) We've found that that since our kids are 6 & 4 the concept of time is foreign, this way it warns them when they have a minute or so left to play and it seems to cure the disappointment of turning off the t.v. etc..", 4.0
"The time tracker is good, once you know how to program it. You can program a standard setting, say you always give the child 15 minutes to play, you can set 12 minutes green and three minutes yellow and then red. You can have sounds between each segment or slience.", 4.0
"If you change times frequently, you will either be frustrated by having to set it every time, or will become really good at doing it without the instructions.", 5.0
"My kids never pay attention when I give them warnings about getting ready to leave.  I had hoped that this timer with the visual and audio cues would help us a little bit.  When it first arrived the girls wanted to play with it, my 6 year old figured out how to use it without the directions (before my husband did).  The novelty quickly wore off and it now sits unused on my desk.  I'm going to try it again, but it would be more useful if you could preprogram a number of different situations, not just 2", 1.0
"I purchased this toy for my son this afternoon and he hasn't kept his hands off it all night.  He is 3 1/2 and loves puzzles and computer games.  He especially loves that it has a handle and looks like a briefcase.  He has been trying to read the directions on the inside cover and has tried almost all the puzzles so far. I will be looking to purchase the extra card sets very soon.", 5.0
"My kids love this!  They are 6 and 3. My husband and I play it all the time and race to see how long it takes to finish a puzzle.", 5.0
"I just bought another one for a gift.", 5.0
"Great game", 5.0
"We got this and our 3 year old and 5 year old love it.  There are two different levels of play- one with the shapes and another without (so you place the shapes on your own to make the larger shape).  Both boys feel challenged and enjoy both levels.  I think level 2 can work for much older children because even I have to work through figuring out the shapes spatially.  Also, the shapes are magnetic, so can be a great toy on the road!", 5.0
"All in all, a highly recommended educational toy for many ages- we haven't gotten the adult version of tangoes yet, but plan to", 1.0
"My son is almost 4 and received this as a gift for Christmas.  He absolutely loves playing with it and his mom and dad like playing the more difficult version on the other side of the cards", 1.0
"Great to add to Lego play, but we thought all the plates were the large ones.  Only one large gray one and three smaller green ones.  FY", 2.0
"My 3-month babies like this product very much. Different sounds and colors attract their attention immediately. I feel it is a very successful design", 4.0
"Out of the block sets, this is the one my son loves the best.  He's fifteen months and loves to jingle the bell and rattle some of the other blocks.  For a young child, sound is probably the most amusing sense", 5.0
"After I got this one, I found a better doll on ebay.  The doll I got on ebay was listed under "ASIAN BERENGUER GIRL DOLL" and that one is much more realistic than this one and much prettier.  I wish I bought the one from ebay first", 5.0
"We purchased Dancing Mumble for my son but then I just had to have Gloria. THey seem to interact with each other. THey will get silent then one goes off and gets the other going. You can put them in front of the stereo and they will dance to the music. Cutest toys I've seen in decades!!!!! I absolutely love them", 5.0
"Mumble is adorable, everything I thought he would be. I am very satisfied with this product", 5.0
"I adore this mini changer!  I don't have to lug baby, a diaper bag AND my purse.  Now I can focus more on my daughter!  I do wish it had a shoulder strap, but the wrist strap works fine", 4.0
"I tried to prank a friend on a flight halfway across the country with this "fart candy," thinking what better way to use this joke than on a crowded plane.  I tested it on myself first a few days before the flight and after 8 hours I had farted only once which is much less than normal for me.  I tried it on my friend and his wife for an entire weekend anyway to no avail.  Great idea, but it doesn't deliver", 5.0
"Certainly not! I bought these for my son but soon regreted it! It took over 20 minutes to work but he was passing gas like crazy.Thankfully there was no odor! Befor this he gave one to his mom right befor dinner..", 4.0
"I purchased this safe for a 6 year old boy. It was easy for him to use and perfect for his age", 1.0
"i had it it lated awile(1-2months)enough to last till it wouldn't open! other things happened i didn't like", 5.0
"              DON'T GET IT PEASE IT'S A WASTE!!!", 5.0
"I thought I was getting an all metal, blue bank. I got an ugly pastel purple bank with purple sparkles on the door that looked like someone just threw them on there. I am very displeased. I was told I could return it (and possibly get the exact same thing back) but unfortunately for me and the little boy I was getting this for, it will not be here until way after Christmas.", 4.0
"The floam and beads easily separate, which required us to "mix" it together everytime the kids used it.", 1.0
"While in a matter of weeks it was turning black with mold.  Most disgusting!", 5.0
"No matter how much pleading will NEVER buy again.  I gave it a two because the kids really did enjoy it", 5.0
"My daughter asked Santa for this and only this...what a mistake!  She is so disappointed.  It so sticky, it is like honey with beads in it.  She has some at her school that she loves that I have since discovered is Play Foam, which is a great product.  We have left the lid off the Floam for 2 days and it is still too sticky to use.  DO NOT BUY IT! Plus, I just discovered online that Play Foam is cheaper", 4.0
"This product is much messier than they show on TV.  It is not mixed up well when you get it and then the goo sticks to EVERYTHING!!  My kids had to mix and mix to work the stuff together, then they didn't want to play with it anymore.  A real flop", 4.0
"I can't really add anything to what is said in the other reviews.  This is a terrible product.  It sticks to everything - hands, tables, rugs, dogs, everything.  Disgusting.  I only wish I had read these reviews before I let my kids put it on their Christmas lists", 5.0
"This stuff is a waste of money. It is too sticky to do anything with. I threw it all away and the kids didn't even care. Lousy product", 1.0
"I bought this for my son's 2nd birthday and he loves it! I had a Classic Radio Flyer when I was little, so I'm starting a tradition! Every kid should have a red wagon growing up.", 1.0
"This one is especially great because the wheels are all-terrain... great for everywhere", 5.0
"I loved this product!  It was relatively easy and quick to assemble and in my opinion, it's the sturdiest wagon on the market.  I had one of these Radio Flyer wagons as a small child, given to me by my father, and I cherished it.  Buying it again (it was lost in a move) as an adult was nostalgic.  The only caution I would give to would-be buyers is to be certain about which product you are buying.  For example, I confused this product (the Radio Flyer Big Red Classic ATW) with the Radio Flyer Big Red Classic.  (The main difference between the two models is the tires.)  I thought I had purchased the "classic" with the skinny non-inflatable tires, but instead got this product, with "all terrain wheels", which come inflated.  No biggie- this one is more practicle, anyways, but if you're concerned about getting the "original" model, look closely at the product decriptions.", 4.0
"I bought this for my son's first Xmas.  He loves to get pulled around the house in it.  Because it is deeper than the standard wagon, there is less risk of him falling out.  The bigger tires make it almost impossible to tip over.  I bought the all steel wagon because I figured the wood will fall apart over time.  Very happy with my purchase", 4.0
"Purchased it for my girls for Christmas.  Tough to assemble, but has a smooth ride and fits my 8 yr old and four yr old comfortably.  Deep wagon--big wheels.  I plan to use it for yard work when the girls grow out of it", 4.0
"For my first grandson who's 19 months old, I wanted a wagon that would serve him forever.  I made the perfect selection. The extra depth is brilliant.   It's all just fun now and goes everywhere.  As he grows it will provide many useful purposes.  He'll probably use it for hauling wood for the fireplace when he's a grown man.  I wish they had had ATV wheels when my son was little.  It's so much easier on the adult pulling the cargo!", 1.0
"One word to new parents -- "helmet."  Don't forget to buy one and use it every time.  Our only problem now is getting him to take off the helmet that his parents said he would 'never' wear.", 5.0
"We got our daughter this wagon for Christmas and she loves it.  We can have her sit in the wagon and pull it along on the road or off.  It is very durable but the only complaint is that the wheel rims are plastic.  Otherwise it is easy to pull, has a sharp turning radius and the bed pad listed as an accessory does fit perfectly.  Overall we are very happy with it.", 5.0
"Our kids love this wagon!  They can pull each other around the yard and it's next to impossible to tip over, the dog can even pull it in her harness and not tip it over!  It's held up very well, we've had it for about 5 years and it's still holding strong!  The only sign of wear is it got a scratch in the paint (my husband's fault) and it has rusted just a touch there, we are planning on fixing that in a few weeks to make it look new!  It also works great for yard work!  My son loves using it to help him with his job of picking up sticks in the yard, he piles them high and finishes his job in half the time", 5.0
"I have a "Basic" Radio Flyer right now. I plan on upgrading the frame and suspension soon as well. Next I thought maybe I should upgrade the body as well. Well this body will work excellent. I am glad I can buy it here", 5.0
"My kids, ages 3 and 5 love this puzzle. However, i don't think it's that challenging (i.e. it doesn't keep them occupied for too long) but i guess it's the age thing. Highly recommended as a first puzzle", 5.0
"This game is so much fun! You can learn so much about people by playing. Be sure to play with people you can trust to be honest about their views", 1.0
"This game absotutley beautiful and definently worth the price.", 5.0
"DO NOT have doubts about buying this game. buy it buy it buy it buy it buy it!!!", 4.0
"Dread Pirate (Second Edition), by Front Porch Classics, is one of the most attractive and interesting games I've ever come across. It's not a game for the casual game-player, but for a real collector, this game is perfect. Front Porch Classics calls its games "coffee table games", meaning that they're attractive enough to leave on display while they're not being played.", 4.0
"The game does not come in a cardboard box, rather, it is in a beautiful wooden treasure chest. The game "board" is actually a large pirate's map, printed on a piece of fabric. Each player gets a solid metal ship (which are large-about 2 inches tall and an inch and a half wide from stem to stern!) which they move around the playing board by rolling the wooden dice or drawing a pirate card.", 5.0
"The object of the game is to collect doubloons and treasure by moving around the board, raiding other pirate's ships and ports. The treasures are small jewels, much like those which often come with mancala sets. The doubloons are real (and heavy!) golden metal coins which look quite like what one might imagine pirates' booty would actually look like. Each player keeps their collected treasures in gorgeous velvet bags as they play the game.", 5.0
"In addition to being a beautiful and fun game, Dread Pirate is also informative. The instruction booklet includes excerpts from the 1691 journal of Captain Arthur Howell, and each "Dread Pirate" card lists a fun fact about pirates.", 5.0
"Any avid game collector who appreciates attractive games that incorporate real materials and who enjoys clever strategy games will love Dread Pirate.", 5.0
"My son was swept away by the description of this game he found in a mail-order catalog. Playing it is less enchanting. The game goes on and on, and those who are not winning are not having a particularly good time.  Although Dread Pirate is extremely beautifully made, it is not a favorite. We've had an amazing amount of fun with better games, such as Zendo and Chrononauts, playing game after game. There are certainly much worse games out there than Dread Pirate, but there are also a few that are tremendously better. Buy this game if you are more interested in the quality and feel of the game pieces than in how much fun the rules are", 1.0
"I saw this game in a colleague's office and I was truly amazed by it. This is more than just a simple game...it's an elite game! Instead of a dingy cardboard game board, you get a Pirate map! Plastic coins? Heck no! You get solid metal coins that have real weight to them. Any Pirate fan would love this. Game collectors and RPG gamers should not pass this up either. Great stuff. This looks like the type of game Kids and Adults would have a lot fun with", 1.0
"I was very happy with the service.  The items I purchased were shipped in good condition and in a timely fashion.  I would highly recommend making purchases through them", 5.0
"Great price and quick delivery.", 4.0
"It's a great game for all ages to play together.", 1.0
"Fast moving and fun", 5.0
" I played this game when I went to a family reunion. It was simple and fun to plsy. Its compact and I carry it in my purse. My kids love to play it and I like to play it with my kids. There isn't alot of explaining to do, no game board, and not a lot of pieces eather. So the start up is easy. If you know your left from your right you are ready to play.", 4.0
" You roll the die and do what it says, play till no one has a chip left but one person, and that person wins the game, its that simple.", 1.0
" If you play with adults you can bet with money. When I played it was a dollar a game. And we had ten people playing so who ever won got 10 dollars. We all laughted and enjoyed the time together.", 4.0
" If you are looking for a simple, fun, and easy game to play this is it.", 5.0
"I learned about this game at a New Years Eve party, played with $3.00 instead of chips. The game soon had everyone involved. Easy to play, no strategies involved, but fun for all ages!  Fun for even the little ones who need to learn left, right concepts", 5.0
"Fun to play with friends, easy game for people to pickup and you are never out of the game until the very end.", 5.0
"We have so much fun with this game. You can have as many people you want to play and everyone stays playing until you have a winner. The whole crowd gets involved. I would love to find other games as much fun as this one", 4.0
"THE GAME ITSELF IS AWESOME, BUT I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE AMOUNT THEY CHARGED FOR S&H SINCE IT ONLY COST $1.37 TO MAIL AND THEY CHARGED ME OVER $15.00 FOR S&H", 5.0
"I recently played this game on a very wet day when play had been suspendedat the ITF veteran team conpetition in South Africa. One of the American team produced right left centre and 18 ladies from 6 different countries spent a memorable time playing it. Our hosts, the South African ladies, from the Chiltern Club in Durban looked on in amazement. On return home to Ireland I wanted to purchase it to take with me on my travels, to introduce it to my school class and to use it at family get-to-gethers. I am really disappointed to find I cannot get it shipped to Ireland. It is brilliant fun both as an ice breaker ( many different languages played and this was no inhibitor) and to pass a wet day. It is the first game I have played that, until the final chip is left on the table, everyone is still in the game.  Can you help me to purchase it? Letty Luca", 5.0
"I'm one of the weirdos that liked Rodimus Prime.  His character had depth, arguably the most in all of G1 next to Star Scream.  So I had to buy this figure.  Excellent.  Transformation is very smooth.  Acurate alt mode and robot mode.  Love it.  Definitely worth the $10 it'll cost you in a retail store.  Look out in the wild first", 4.0
"This Hot Rod does justice to his name, energon series he was a truck!", 5.0
"In armada he was Hot Shot, a yellow car....but this is the true Hot Rod..all G1 style right down to the flames and the saw exchanging hand!", 4.0
"After getting both the star scream and the rodimus  , and seeing the others  on shelves  , I'd ahve to say that the rodimus is the second most accurate to his cartoon form.", 4.0
"His cor form is dead on accurate to teh cartoons,  one issue i avhe with this toy si that the head could have been larger  on teh robot mode  as wella sthe fact his chest seems higher up than his head, wich detracts from his accuracy.", 4.0
" other that that the  head  , and the toy in both modes  are very well detailed and articulate.  i never owned teh original  hod rod  or  rodimus prime toys  so i can't really compare his transforming  to those lines, but as a general rule  his  is  a bit complicated for change  i would definitely not recomend him for 5 year olds,  maybe  7 or 8 eyar olds  but  i think hasbro  shot low  with this line because i ehar some fot eh others are a bit easy to change and are more like "shell-formers"    tahn  good ol'  transformers :P, another peeve i have with this  is  that  hasbro opted to use the name rodimus  instead of hot rod,  he wasnt calle3d rodimus  until he had become teh new autobot leader  at the end of the movie when he took the full name rodimus prime, but  i' am not  rating the toy on it''s name  , this is  jsut a tiny thing  i supsoe doesnt matter much  given  that technically both names can be used for him.", 4.0
"This renditionof Hot Rod (also known as Rodimus) is one of the gems of the Transformers: Classics toyline.", 4.0
"This toy is suprisingly solid in both forms and the attention to detail and quality is impressive. His car mode looks most like his G1 cartoon/movie version than any of the other Classics Transformers except perhaps Starscream.", 5.0
"I especially like the way his gun turns into a jet engine (like the one on the Batmobile) for the rear of the car in car mode. One of the worst things about the original transformers was keeping track of their accessories, but with this latest line of toys the weapons are usually integrated into the vehicle mode somehow. This is one of the best examples of that integration.", 1.0
"the only thing I could really find to nitpick about this toy is the lack of an Autobot symbol on the hood, but that isn't nearly enough to keep me from giving this toy 5 stars for its great transformation, solid feel and amazing poseability (especially compared to the original", 5.0
"He's been voiced by Judd Nelson, replaced Optimus Prime as leader of the Autobots, hated by fans, and called by a variety of names: from Hot Rod, to Rodimus Prime, to Rodimus Major.  Through it all though, he still makes one sweet toy that longtime Transformers collectors will have a blast with.  Since Hasbro no longer owns the rights to the name Hot Rod, Rodimus is here in all his glory in this Deluxe Classic figure, and he looks sweet.  Looking pretty much like the futuristic sports car that debuted in the 1986 animated movie, Rodimus is, as a previous reviewer has already pointed out, surprisingly easy to transform back and forth from vehicle to robot.  In robot form, Rodimus looks pretty good as well, albeit a bit bulkier than he ever did on the cartoon, but that's nothing new with Transformer figures though is it?  He comes with a missle launcher that actually shoots and is easily put in his hands.  All in all, Rodimus is a great Transformers toy that collectors young and old will love, and he deserves a welcome place in any collection", 5.0
"I was a big fan of the original Hot Rod toy, and I've become a big fan of this rendition of Rodimus as well.  The transformation isn't complete in the picture here, as the spoiler can be turned upwards as in the original toy.  A lot of thought went into the design of the toy, and the detail on it is impressive.  My three-year-old also loves playing with the toy.  My only concern is that the legs lock into place when in car mode, and the tabs that hold it in place can bend the plastic on the outside of the vehicle if you're not careful.  It's a great toy for a great price and comes highly recommended", 2.0
"With the original Transformers The Movie being released again in a few weeks and with another brand new movie to follow, new and old fans alike are delighting at seeing some cool new Transformers action figures on store shelves just in time for Christmas.", 2.0
"Hasbro is wrapping up the Cybertron toy line and needed some new figures to release until next July when the new movie premieres.  Their answer was to create a line called "Transformers Classics" which features exciting new molds of many classic Transformers characters that first appeared in the 1980's.  I know a lot of us who grew up with and collected the toys of those characters are pretty excited to see them reappear on store shelves.  It's a great chance for us to relive our memories and to also share them with the children that are now in our lives.", 4.0
"Having said that, meet RODIMUS.  He has gone by many names over the years, including Hot Rod, Rodimus Prime and Rodimus Major, and even had a similar character loosely based on him in the Energon toy line, but whatever you want to call him, he's one of the more well known figures of Transformers lore. An old school Transformers fan like myself can quickly tell this figure was based off of the original 1986 toy which was known as "Hot Rod". Of course, Hasbro no longer has the name "Hot Rod" copyrighted so Rodimus is the next best thing.", 4.0
"I always like the Hot Rod/Rodimus character because I saw a lot of myself in him. He was young and bold and a bit reckless at times, but deep down all he wanted was a chance to prove himself.  I think a lot of us can indentify with that.", 4.0
"As for this toy, it obviously takes a lot of its design from the original, especially the futuristic car form.  There are a few differences but not a lot.  The robot form is also somewhat similar to the original, but a little more streamlined.  One cool addition to this toy is a missile launcher which will actually fire a missile in both car and robot mode.  In car mode, the launcher doubles as a tailpipe, giving new meaning to the term "backfiring".", 4.0
"As far as difficulty of transformation, it's actually rather easy compared to many Transformers.  The instructions they give you aren't the best, but once you change him back and forth once or twice, you'll see that he is actually much easier to transform than the majority of Cybertron figures and also classic Transformers.", 4.0
"I would definitely vouch for this toy on a few levels.  $9.99 isn't a bad price at all, especially when you consider that to find the original in any kimd of decent shape would cost you at least 3 times as much.  There has been a re-issued version of the original but it too has become rare and again, is near impossible to find under $30.  This toy is also quite fun.  I mean, who wouldn't want to drive a futuristic red race car with orange flames on the hood?  Of course, for us "old timers", there's massive sentimental value as well.", 5.0
"My advice is to pick this up while you can as I fully expect them to fly off the shelves.", 5.0
"Rodimus is an homage to the Generation 1 Autobot Hot Rod, who later became Rodimus Prime in the Transformers animated movie from 1986. The transformation can be a bit tricky, as a few of the connections have to be finagled back and forth before they become lose.  One has to be careful when putting the feet in position, as it is not readily obvious it has stabilizers within the main part of the feet to flip out behind the robot.  Once done correctly, Rodimus stands quite nicely and stablely.  The gun does shoot it's missle, but does not have more than an 18 inch range.  All in all, a nice solid toy.", 5.0
"Todd MacFarlane has done it again with this awesome Tom Brady figure. At last, the New England Patriots get the respect they deserve with this incredible piece of work that will always remind Patriots fans of their improbable Super Bowl XXXVI victory! As usual, the attention to detail is amazing. I hope MacFarlane will consider making a figure of some other Patriots. I think players like Troy Brown, Adam Vinateri, Ty Law and Lawyer Milloy deserve as much credit as Brady for their success. Thanks to Todd MacFarlane and keep up the great work", 5.0
"Go figure. I picked this head because it seemed to be a significant size, and have a lot of silky-looking hair, real lashes, and fun (rather than tacky) features and make-up being a fairy rather than a teen. However, her hair is very fine and is actually glued together in parts to retain her curls. It is painful to watch my three year old twins struggle to get the included brush through her hair. Impossible. I tried to give it a once-over to help them out, but it tears and ends up looking frizzy and uneven -- I had to re-trim the bottom. The head also tips over easily when you try working with her hair. A ridiculous waste of money", 5.0
"This is such a cute little box, but, most importantly, the chocolates are great! They are kinda squishy and melty, and they taste like they're custard-filled. Why spend your money on something from See's or Sweet Factory when you can just buy this? Besides, It's educational. When you chew the chocolate it gets all mushy... that's what I call "cause and effect!" My only complaint is that it  smells a little poopy. This product you MUST BUY!!!", 5.0
" If you are new to Bionicle and don't have many sets, you won't appreciate Iruini as much. It's still a great toy on it's own- poseable, fun to build, and just looks cool. But if you have a few other Bionicle sets, Toa especially, you'll really appreciate this one. While his construction is similar to the Toa Metru, it is a little different. Most notably, the round shield on his chest and his mask. A mask that hasn't been used before or since, and it's gold to boot! All of his gold pieces are welcome new additions to my collection. Plus, his unique building techniques (the shield on his chest, making his staff) opened up alot of ideas for me to use on my other Bionicle sets. His Rhotuka-disk launching shield is my favorite part of all. It looks really cool! It's kind of hard to use it to launch the disks, so I just use it to hold the disks. The slot that holds (not launches) his second disk is particularly interesting looking. Like a vent or sorts. The clumsyness of the launcher doesn't take much away from the set, as I don't launch them anyway. Launched disks tend to dissappear, only to end up mangled in the cat's toy pile.", 4.0
"I have resisted buying these because they seemed so cheap...also the usual question we parents always ask ourselves..."What are they going to do with them?"", 5.0
"My son received his first bionicle from a friend on his ninth birthday...it was cleverly the "bow" on a birthday present. I now regret overlooking this wonderful line of "lego's" for so long! My boys love these! They have the best time building them and an even better time playing with them.", 5.0
"They are priced reasonably so you can always pick-up one as a treat during trips out "shopping".  If you encourage your children to "save-up" for some of their "wants", the cost of these is low enough that it doesn't take them months and months to realize their goal.", 5.0
"Please do not make the same mistake I made and misjudge these toys. You will be denying your child a great experience.", 4.0
"Although the manufacturer suggests ages 7 and up, I do not feel a child younger than 8 or 9 would be able to independently put this toy together. My 7 year old needs some help putting these together, but he loves to try all by himself.  That is the point of Lego's, to construct and play. The primary benefit, in my opinion, is the satisfaction of "doing it" yourself!", 5.0
"A definate A+ for our boys!", 4.0
"Rosemary", 5.0
"Toa Iruini", 4.0
"Canister: It's a gold capped Hordika can. I persioally like it. The gold edges are a nice change. He's also the first "extra" Toa to be in a canister. Very nice. Notice the "Lego system of play 50th Anniversery" logo. 10/10", 1.0
"Building: Mostly a Toa Metru but it takes some interesting changes. It's easy enough. 9/10", 4.0
"Parts: I love recoloured parts, and if you do also, this set is for you! Gold Gahlock Kal shield, gold chronichler's staff, green Rahkshi legs, what more can you ask for? Also, the Kualsi is a great design. The shield is huge though. 10/10", 1.0
"Posability: It's Toa Metru posability except the Toa Metru legs for arms limits posability just a tiny bit. Still great as always. Lego also made only one arm that swings up and down. 9/10", 5.0
"Playability: He's very posable, has a shiny mask, what else does a kid want? But the Rhotuka shield is not the best launcher and The green spinner falls out alot. 8/10", 1.0
"Value: Definately hit's the mark. Actually I wouldn't be upset if it werre $9.99. 10/10", 5.0
"Overall: Toa Iruini is a great piece to add to your collection and kids will love it. Also, the gold parts will make you really happy. 10/10", 5.0
"I bought toa iruni for my self with spare allowence money and it was worth everything it cost.  All I see in the way of negatives are 1, the spinneres and rip cord always seem to get lostand never found.  2, i personoly am geting board with the toa metru desinge.  Enouge abuot cons and on to pros.  1 Iruni is extreamly flexibal as all toa are.  The golden chronicle staff on the tip allown makes it worth the measly $9.00 it costs.", 4.0
"This model is really cool! For starters, the mask is really cool. His Staff...Oh my goodness. It...Is...AWESOME!! His shield makes a great edition. I haven't figured out how to make the spinner fly, but overall, this model is awesome", 5.0
"Toa Iruini was awesome. I got it earlier at comic-con. The Rhotuka Launcher, you can take off to get a better grip. The reason they're are only two that are coming out is because that if all of them came out, it would be too far in the past. I truly reccomend this set", 5.0
"toa iruini is a great toa plus they are going to come out with another toa hagah toa norik i think that the reason there is going to be two is because they are not going to have a big 30 dollar toa set like toa lihkan and toa takanuva there is nothing wrong with that i was just pointing it out by the way visit bzpower.com it has daily bionicle news update", 5.0
"This Bionicle is great.  There are cool peices including a sheild that fires out a spinner.  Also, Toa Iruini has a brand new mask that is REALLY cool.  He can also be posed a bunch of ways.  This Bionicle is one of two special edition Bionicles, so if you collect Bionicles, you should get this set.  This set is definetly worth the money", 4.0
"We bought this for our 4 year old. She loved it. Its small and light enough she could help take care of it. It worked wonderful for about an hour then it started leaking from the plastic bottom. I resealed it and it has worked great since. It has a small lense so she can view the fish and its filter is great at keeping it clean. All in all a great kids fish tank", 5.0
"Ok got this on clearance for 5 dollars at target last christmas, gave it to my daughter for christmas. We had a real aquarium for years that we could not keep clean and our fish always die despite good care, well we get this just as a cheap gift. My daughter goes to walmart and buys a goldfish and sucker fish both way to big for this tank. sure death right? WRONG! Almost a year later... Both fish doing well despite her lack of attention and the little tank stays spottless! Who would of known! We did add a little air pump that blows in tiny bubbles, other than that she feeds them and adds a little water now and then. Little care and the fish are doing great! Well worth it!", 4.0
"A tank this small should only be used for a Betta fish. Any other fish will need a good filter, heat, and oxygenation. And still it is way to small to even be worth it. My advice to you is to save your money, and go buy a 10 gallon kit and have that as your starter aquarium. Then you can keep some realy fish. Also goldfish should be kept in at least a 30 gallon aquarium, so i even if you get a 10 gallon, please research the fish before you buy them", 5.0
""Customers who bought this item also bought ...". That's the bit that is easily overlooked when one orders that item. Once the toy arrives you will be surprised to know that a number of accessories are also needed.", 4.0
"It takes a lot of time to finding some, and a lot more creative thinking for others (gravel!). And then this compound starts getting highly educational as you have to teach the child to handle his/her birthday present the way a nurse would normally deal with patients under intensive care.", 5.0
"The whole thing is a little disappointing overall. An actual comment about this item was nothing les than "this package sure is nice". Maybe the idea is interesting, but will offer more headaches than fun to your family", 5.0
"I have been an aquarium enthusiast for a while and whenever I see things like this it drives me crazy.  Anything smaller than a 20 or 30 gal tank is a waste of money.  Anything smaller than that is difficult to sustain.  It would be very disappointing to your child in the long run to buy this.  Go buy the real thing!", 5.0
"This is a very very difficult toy to maintain. Gravel is extremely difficult to remove and clean without getting the cardboard background wet. After one cleaning the cardboard background gets wet and that's the end of that.", 5.0
"The plastic scratches very easily and pieces of the periscope broke off easily as well. Goldfish need lots of water and this doesn't lend itself to many types of fish.", 2.0
"I have never had such a difficult time trying to maintain the integrity of the toy while trying to keep fish alive and the tank clean as well.", 5.0
"NOT recommended at all. Save your money for a "real" tank", 4.0
"My 6-year old son received the VideoNow XP for his 6th birthday from my sister.    She also bought him the Scooby Doo interactive movie.    He enjoys the movie, but gets frustrated with getting past each point.     Overall he enjoys his new toy.", 5.0
"My frustration, however, is that I have looked online for more videos, and it shows them, but says they are currently unavailable.   That I have seen for the past few weeks.  Target has a very limited number of the PVD's and most I don't feel are appropriate for my six year old ie, the older kid shows.    I would like to see more educational interactive movies, because after getting through the Scooby show,  I think my son has become bored with it..............", 2.0
"This is great.. got one for both the boys.. they love them... Only problem is they dont understand teh diference between the regular DVD and teh Video now ones...", 4.0
